my wife and i really tried to like this but it was very tedious and slow .
i have set up many crates ,  this is the first i had an issue with .
i have owned a magellan roadmate num_num for four years .
i m still searching for the perfect sunscreen but this one is awful .
this pathetic thing won t send a num_extend cal steel ball more than num_num feet .
i ve tried ,  i really wanted this phone to be great given all the features ,  but can t stand it .
they arrived ,  the wrong size ,  but i wore them to see if they would work .
this time tivo wants $ to replace  again with a refurbished unit that only carries a num_num day warranty  .
the fork tines are longer than they need to be which reduces the spoon capacity .
and its hard to hear . i would stay away from this .
they definitely won t last long and are not worth the money .
it doesn t grind the beans well ,  and even though there is a max line it doesn t matter .
i d been using walgreen s brand underpads but decided to try these because they re less expensive .
this product didn t have the results i expected .
at this point ,  i would not order it again .
there is nothing innovative about what they are trying to do here .
there really is nothing between whole chunks of vegetable and puree with this ,  either .
since the weight is distributed at the waist ,  you hardly know the stuff is there .
duh !  also ,  the top should have been designed to do more than just sit on the top .
this costs way too much ,  it hold way too little ,  spend the extra for the num_num or whatever .
didn t read it until after i made this purchase .
the box says this is a num_extend person  first aid kit but i think that s stretching it .
it has been suggested that heat may be a problem with these cards ,  especially under heavy use .
you should start with very small amounts and i would recommend trying alternate brands not navitas .
the design is boring . i would strongly recommend against buying this yoyo .
i really think that they sent me a bad bottle .
i don t know if the coffee tastes any good ,  because it s never drinkable .
like many of the other reviewers ,  i did not detect the lemon flavor .
this is the first toy that i have ever bought my dogs that they absolutely refuse to play with .
so i thought this game would be perfect for me; however ,  i was terribly wrong .
it is the least drinkable coffee i have tasted .
i thought this would be better than using cotton balls .
literally within num_num minutes ,  there was no more adhesive .
my order that included these was lost in transit ,  so i purchased them elsewhere .
i am not a happy camper with this battery charger .
it tastes about as much like real gingerbread as a cow looks like a pig .
when it is put together it appears well made but it is seriously wobbly .
like other reviewers ,  i have been a previous netgear owner .
but i just will not be buying this again .
they have a very heavy flavour almost a slight fermented after taste to them .
so ,  i opted for this unit as a relatively cheap way to improve radio reception .
so i guess this antenna is better than nothing .
does not feel better after a few washings ,  just feels like time to throw away .
it s so loud that i doubt anyone could fall asleep with the sound level .
i was so looking forward to receiving this and believed it would take care of my calluses .
the trackball was obviously still under warranty ,  and this time kensington sent me a replacement for it .
this was so not worth the money ,  or the space it takes up .
this case looks great ,  but misses the boat as far as functionality .
ashame really ,  if not for the signal issues i d give this pair num_num stars .
i was so looking forward to receiving this wallet .
he seems to be breaking out like mad ,  but i can t really say if anything else will help .
the case this comes with scratches my phone .
this is the  really small  child size container .
i would have expected that for what i paid for it it would have been safer .
after about num_num seconds of gentle rubbing ,  my forehead is red .
i am disgusted that they are allowed to get away with tricking people .
kitchenaid used to stand behind their products ,  but being gobbled up by whirlpool obviously changed that .
there is no other way to explain the night and day difference between my new tribez fiber and heather s .
this worked for a few days and then the headset stopped working completely .
definitely ,  the extra capacity over the original htc pro num_num battery is not what i was expecting .
i m not sure if that s worth buying unless they figure out a better formula .
the character models are nice but marred by bad gameplay and very few characters to choose from .
i was better off getting the unmotorized one ,  i returned this one was not happen with quality of product .
i ordered this because it was the cheapest num_extend i could find on here .
my last phone was a samsung focus  windows phone  and that one had overheating problems .
my son claims that the case is too tight and made his phone screen break .
its not worth anyone s time ,  and what seems like it would be fun is really just tedious and boring .
i would strongly recommend against buying this particular measuring cup .
i would not recommend this dish to anyone ,  and my dog did even eat it .
i would also like to know more about the carbon footprint for manufacturing this product .
will not buy and again and i definitely do not recommend .
i have always been a fan of vitamin e products but this one made me breakout like hell .
heck ,  these headphones are so bad they make my zune s stock headphones seem like premium headphones .
i enjoy other products by this company ,  however this one was not a good fit for me .
this product came by itself without an instruction manual on how to install it .
my green num_extend wd drives have been running for a few months without any problems so far .
this case looks cool in the picture but is very cheap and not durable .
bought these headphones with low expecatations knowing the sound wouldn t be all that great ,  but they are really flat .
even after using this dish ,  my dog still had trouble from eating too fast .
i purchased this from alernativewireles . com for my motorola droid num_num global .
as some other reviewers have noted ,  the welds are weak .
this was ordered thinking this would be great for my iphone num_extend
the screen stayed on while making calls regardless of distance . yes ,  i ve tried it on more than num_num phones .
i have been looking around for quite some time and haven t found one .
i m sure other dogs will like it ,  but no for my lil pug .
there is no way i would buy this product again .
disappointed at how cheap they are and doubt they were designed for newer devices .
when i spliced this product in to my line ,  the right speakers stopped working .
sorry ,  i would not recommend this product for dumping your tanks .
needless to say i played it for about num_num minutes and quit ,  i never played it again .
perhaps there are some back conditions this device will help ,  but mine isn t one of them .
i also have had a number of problems with the sonic brush .
i plan on calling them tomorrow to talk to customer service we will see how that goes .
but i have been gamming for a very long time .
there isn t much fiber in it either so this is basically an unhealthy cereal .
very frustrating !  i would definitely not waste my money buying this cartridge .
i love this in concept but it fails horribly in num_extend
after using this grill now for about a month ,  we are not liking it so much .
i used to really like this snack but this shipment just seemed very stale and tasteless .
i m noticing as i get older that i have more arthritis pain and the msm does not help .
i was pretty disappointed when i opened the package for my num_num year old son .
seemed like good ingredients ,  but i couldn t get over he texture .
i used these ,  several since they often failed after a while ,  for making ice creams ,  creme brulee ,  etc .
bought one of these for my galaxy num_extend and it has the same problem .
i will not buy this product again nor will i recommend it to a friend .
don t waste your time with this product ,  spend a few more bucks for the linksys camera .
tech armor claims this screen saver is for the iphone num_num and num_extend
this product uses a cheap one piece hinge that is not long lasting .
i am an lmt ,  one of my areas of focus is craniosacral ,  i would not reccomend this product .
it does matte your skin in preparation for foundation but is not an overall good product .
my kids get excited to use it and then after about num_num seconds they have moved on .
these cookies are not of the quality i have come to expect with pamela s products .
i wish i d just gone directly to insectlore and bought from them .
i have owned this player for num_num months .
i bought this and another i bought from amazon are fake !  they smell mostly of alcohol .
just was not crazy about this product at all ,  will not purchase again .
there are about three left as of this writing ,  and they re headed straight for the trash can .
i imagine this bra will work better on more flat chested people .
i see nothing .  .  . no difference and its been over num_num months now .
the ghosts are also so vocal ,  whiny and badly spoken that their dialogue literally murders any atmosphere they had .
did not even try this product ,  resold it to a friend with more patience .
this is the most perverted game ever made .
i bought this product because of the advertised  no clump brush  .
she said ,   i don t like this game .   the game board itself is also very cheaply constructed .
it s about num_num years old now and cranking along .
the other failed in about num_num months of light use .
didn t work as well as battery operated collars .
i bought this bag as a birthday present for a niece but she rejected it .
unless you are installing this garbage in a dust free vacuum ,  save your time and money ,  and look elsewhere .
bought this for my num_num month rotweiler that was getting spayed .
as stated in other reviews ,  this cuff will not work with the omron monitors that have the comfit cuff .
i tried using on a little ,  maybe a dime amount ,  and it still left my hair flaky .
right at this moment i don t believe this cane is worth more than num_num stars .
i only used num_num times to time boiling eggs .
even after months of use this issue continues .
this results in a noisy drive train that will skip gears often .
i have read the many positive reviews ,  but the machine that i received was completely inaccurate .
you have a scrap of paper and glue that must be removed without damaging the ipod or the shield .
when i ordered this ,  it was under the impression that this include the laser for $ too .
maybe this was a good machine when it was first manufactured ,  but now it s a total rip off .
i did not have a problem with that aspect of the set .
this last pair really showed me what happens to a company when they no longer care about their customers .
inside was a navy velvet bag ,  which i first thought was empty .
the switches worked great for the first few months ,  but suddenly failed .
i m just not convinced these things work at all ,  and this one doesn t increase my optimism .
when i received the product the plexiglass cover on the digital readout fell off !  .
the tunnel although has held up better than i thought . do not buy this !  .
i bought this case because it was a cheap knock off of otterbox .
i have been using this product for about num_num months taking num_num capsules a day .
i am so upset with myself for not just paying five more dollars and getting the real deal .
i bought this to make cookies with red color ,  not wanting to use an unnatural red dye .
i have tried to put this product on my phone several times .
and they are difficult to find and tell from each other without looking at the mouse .
problems with it though :  my num_num year old ,  who still chews on things .
i bought this thermometer to chart my bbt in order to avoid pregnancy .
i thought for sure this would be the same .
the humor isn t very well done ,  either ,  i might add .
i bought this because i was bored with the others .
none of the fish in my two large tanks will go near this product .
the other gloves would tear in the finger area after about num_num minutes .
the bag is ok ,  but nothing special . so basically i would not recommend this bag .
i would have been better off just renting rug doctors like i did before .
i really don t think these are worth the money .
i love coconut water ,  plain and in many other flavors ,  but this flavor is horrible .
i would have given this combo a num_num otherwise .
but ,  i only live about num_num minutes from a major city ,  too .
plus ,  why is this so pricey and better than % hibiclens at num_num dollars a bottle ?  .
this product came to me in one big crumbly mess !  i sent it back immediately .
i mainly use them while riding a bike ,  so maybe the sweat is the problem .
even my husband thinks my hair smells gross  :   it is the strongest smelling shampoo i have ever purchased .
it is the first one i ve had that would jam up like this piece of junk .
this is just a cheap item that is not easy or practical to use .
never had that happen before !  so use this tire for paved surfaces and not on loose gravel or dirt .
at first ,  they were pretty good ,  but it you wear them too long ,  they hurt your ears .
this product is probably not a good one for those with sensitive skin .
i bought this flat iron after my chi broke on me after one month .
you need to plunge the eggs into ice cold water for about num_num seconds before you peel them .
i do not recommend this screen protector to anybody .
i normally have a wonderful experience with amazon ,  but this bread box has become a headache for me .
this item does not cut the hair ,  it just likes to rip them out ,  doesn t work ,  dont bother .
there is one major flaw with this case .
i only bought this cord as a backup for when i am out .
these were less comfortable for me than cheap plastic flip flops .
lousy build quality and only lasted num_num months .
this product does not fit any motorola phone .
it has been almost disastrous ,  several times i have been lucky to not get cork into the wine .
i don t know why people like this case so much .
in general ,  i don t have a problem with long dungeons .
i still have some left and dont know what to do with it but throw away .
the tip of my first one broke the first time i used it .
i had a feeling this case would be a fake .  .  .  . and i was right .
this oil has a heavy woody scent ,  not as fragrant as other good evoo in this price range .
i gave it num_num stars because it wasn t terrible but it was certainly below average .
if all the perches had magnets ,  the pets would possibly stay in place; this is not the case .
wanted something warm for the winter months and basically wasted my money on this product .
almost like the bacon flavor is chemically induced .  .  . this is the worst campbell soup i have ever tasted .
this was probably one of the worst mascaras i have ever purchased including dime store brands .
i have other items from this company on my shopping list for christmas and i won t be buying them .
this night guard feels like your could swallow it in your sleep and choke to death .
i would like to know if they are putting hair remover in this stuff .
all of my pets have been on this brand of kibble now for almost num_num years .
haven t really used this product because they re huge !  they fall apart when you try to cut them .
but i must say that red faction is not a very good game .
within num_num minutes poor jake was discarded . the baseball cap won t stay on .
they are very similar ,  they appear to have been produced in the same factory .
this piece of crap isnt built to last ,  not for the price .
so what s the difference ?  the powder comes in a container not much bigger than the bottle .
the graphics are terrible and this game will freeze your num_num badly .
i now have one more which is like num_num weeks old ,  it s all discolored ,  and will probably break soon .
this should not be a deal breaker though . i ve had substantial trouble with indoor photography however .
i didn t want to spend $ on a camera that wouldbe obsolete in a few months .
i bought them cheap ,  and still feel they were overpriced because they don t get used .
he still carries the empty shell around but it definitely wasn t worth the money spent .
for whatever reason ,  my older cat throws this food up every time he eats it .
she has the samsung galaxy num_extend but she has tmobile ,  does that matter ?  .
i found this to be a very unstable ,  inconvenient and somewhat dangerous design .
this device was only effective about num_num times with my dog .
i m really angry i spent $ dollars on something that doesn t even do anything to make me feel better .
this router comes prepackaged with some of the most useless software i ve ever come across .
even at full power this thing leaves a lot to be desired .
this item was almost the same price and poor quality .
i fiddled with it for num_num minutes in the freezing cold this february to no avail .
this product worked for only six times and then stopped working .
booo !  !  !  i was extremely disappointed with this product .
they aren t sexy and they don t have that silky feel to them to make me feel dainty .
i would have to advise to avoid this dryer like the plague .
i tried this recorder when my num_num year old sharp minidisc player stopped working .
i have combination skin and have been using this daily for the past num_num weeks .
i m not affordable return this item ,  don t deal with these junks .
plus using the spray made my whole room smell like urine .
avoid this product ,  i m sure there are better bowsers out there .
this does not support wpa ,  which is much more secure than wep .
it wasn t going to last as long as my old generic one .
like another reviewer ,  i too was only able to listen to num_num out of num_num internet radio stations .
really ?  ?  ?  i know with the price  .  .  . what do i expect but honestly this was a huge let down .
just an ok product !  not sure it was worth the amount spent .
also ,  it was smaller than i thought and i was afraid it wouldn t hold all of my dishes .
when they arrived my first opinion was that they looked like kids sunglasses .
voice quality was fine on the num_extend but without an ear hook ,  it did not stay comfortably in place .
if so ,  it s a pretty flimsy excuse ,  and not a very good way to endear yourself to your audience .
the only thing i like about it is that it s bagless .  .  . but that s the first drawback .
i think i read somewhere where the senna in this stimulates the bowels to contract .
poor sound quality ,  made my ears hurt after half an hour because they don t fit around the ears .
an expensive product with sleek look ,  but poor manufacturing quality .
thank god there is not very much of them ,  and i can easily spooned them out .
first one i got did not work and the second broke after the first day .
the problem is that the pieces don t stay together the way normal jigsaw pieces stay together .
i seriously don t like the fact that this popper has no emergency cut off .
this is a okay product ,  but my cats don t play with it .
it was thinner than i had ever seen before .
this is one of the worst games i have ever played .
i tried this product because the sweet stevia brand drops i use does not have a peach flavor .
purchased this for my galaxy note num_num phone cuz my son lost the first stylus pen .
this thing has no lining and doesn t keep its shape ,  it sits like sackcloth on your head .
this fell apart in less than one week .
my friend s yorkie had a seizure within num_num minutes of this product being put on him .
i have several bit sets and none of them had this size .
i applied this for the first time after my morning shower today .
there certainly is not more than $ worth of plastic in it . just feel deceived and led astray .
after using the lansky for over num_num years i m finally giving up on it and getting an apex .
there were a number of things i did not like about this coffee .
however ,  i find that with doom num_num and the expansion pack i don t have fun playing it .
gave my face a slightly shiny glow ,  which is not what i was looking for .
i thought this lousy num_extend bottle was $ when i bought it ,  not $
wow . i don t know if it s just a  bad copy ,   but i bought this lens in march of num_extend
i bought this item for my num_num year old son . the gun is cheaply made and does not work properly .
i hate to do this ,  but i would never buy this product .
i have bought num_num of these in a num_num month period num_num bucks num_num each and both broke .
i am very disappointed ,  and will not use this bottle .
if i could have given this product zero stars ,  i would have .
they don t match up with the designs around the back of the phone case .
if you can find a rival crock pot from about num_num years ago ,  buy that instead .
i must have bought at least num_num pair over the years .
i screw it directly into the bracket with a screw from the hardware store .
good for a cheap beginner strap used for sitdown practice . this was my first guitar strap i had ever bought .
too bad ,  previous purchase from these folks were great .
it provides very little protection for your phone and the quality of the material is very poor .
warranty on this battery ,  but so far i ve been treated with little more than an honorable ignorance .
i was very disappointed when i received this phone .
but ,  it s not really something that i would sample again .
i thought that this would go down as my skin became used to it but i was admittedly wrong .
these bridge the data lines so you don t have to worry about if the charger does it or not .
the tips don t meet unless you bend the metal ,  which is so soft ,  they quickly get misaligned again .
this is another very similar product  lissage treatment by this company .
if vampires are your thing then get blood omen ii ,  or soul reaver ii .
this cover started breaking about num_num weeks after i first put it on my phone .
but for right now ,  i am not impressed with the gameplay .
seems a little too small for this coffee maker .
i wanted these for sectioning my hair while straightening ,  and they do not work very well at all .
i bought two sets about six months ago because they were cheap .
someone  and i believe it to be sony music  really crippled this little guy .
i thought they were supposed to have liquor inside ,  but i didn t tast any .
despite being very light weight ,  this is not worth the money .
the worst part about this product for me were the little beads in the lotion .
just wish i had known this before i spent the hundred dollars .
unfortunately some bad design choices and poor features prevented it from happening . i ll start with the good points .
this is actually one of the only two major issues that were fixed from frontline .
i am comfortable saying that i hate this castle .
i would recommend looking elsewhere for screen protectors .
better than having to clean up huge urine puddles ,  or step in them ,  but they could be better .
i tried using this for three weeks and never caught a single anything .
if you re looking for a fun game to play with your child ,  don t buy this game; you ll be disappointed .
i thought they would have directions for those of us who have trouble with stuff like this .
it requires cleaning about every num_num months with vinegar or a lime scale remover .
everything works as said but nothing showed except smeared blood that looked exactly the same in each circle ?  ?  .
this knife arrived very dull and unfortunately ,  the handle is a little small for this knife .
plus ,  the sets were $ when they were made in the usa .
in particular ,  the handle has hard plastic ridges on the underside .
they were also too short for me ,  which made them look even wider .
my advice is to spend a little more money and get a better product .
if you can afford a better one ,  i would recommend you pass this one over .
the taste wasnt too bad but that is the only thing i can say positively about this product .
this game is flawed in so many areas i can t think of anything good about this game .
after a day ,  the boots loosened up ,  and i realized they were still a size too big !  very frustrating .
pass on this one and check out case logic bags if you have a digital camera .
the problem with them is that they are very dull .
i was very disappointed and would not recommend his to anyone .
seriously ,  i like my hp desktop ,  but this is really bad .
cage ?  i love your games ,  but this just sucked !  oh why do they make me type so many words .
i was deceived by some of the positive reviews of this product .
there s no way this product will last that long .
this is not a styling product i would buy for me .
this is a  typical  breakdown of proteins which most supplements use and nothing more .
i received this item and could not wait to use it .
i purchased this for my iphone num_extend and the charger plug was slightly crooked when i received it .
this was the most expensive oil control product that i ve ever purchased so i guess i expected more .
neither the distance nor the quality is any better than my old ,  cheap panasonic ones .
i was looking for a good skin serum .  .  .  . but this one wasn t the one .
after about num_num uses the brush part was pretty much trashed .
i wish i would have tried some that have money back guarantee .
the plastic where the band connects seems like it will break .
this product just does not work well with mountain bike tires .
i ordered this pair of slippers because reviews said it ran small .
the first thing i noticed was that the unit is almost completely made out of plastic .
i was expecting a lot from this product ,  based on the other reviews .
i ve tried many products in my life and this is one that did nothing for my hair ,  literally .
their customer service people are not much help either .
but if you have no choice at work or something ,  this is better than nothing .
unfortunately ,  the bag has serious design flaws that really limit how much stuff you can put in it .
there couldn t have been any defects because he said i broke it .
i have another that is num_num miles away from me .
other than preventing dust accumulation ,  offer little or no protection to china .
as a gamer i just don t have the time of day for things designed this poorly .
i would rather play through the entire first game than play through one mission of this .
i have purchased num_num pair of pants from gap ,  ll bean and columbia .
as an aviator i was interested in buying these to replace a more expensive pair that were damaged .
since i had a miscarriage ,  i will probably order another one ,  but more reluctantly .
i also did not like that it had sodium nitrate in it . also the sodium content was way too high .
it doesn t seem to be made very well ,  either .
this is supposed to be a little bling thing but it has exactly the opposite effect .
this product should be refined to better quality .
they break very easily in the oven ,  in the cabinet ,  you name it ,  it s gone .
i would have bought another braun ,  but they are apparently no longer available .
in about num_num hours of playing ,  i had unlocked every bonus item .
i don t want to do the whole emergency vet thing ,  thanks . not recommended ,  will never purchase again .
unfortunately i bought a number of these thinking that they were in fact sand perches .
now ,  i own num_num pairs of these exact pants that about num_num years old .
after about num_num minutes of light to moderate rain ,  the rio stopped working .
this game could have been awesome ,  but as it is ,  my husband and i wish we hadn t bought it .
he really didn t play with either of them very much .
for dogs that can tolerate the taste this might work but i cannot tell .
review downgraded to from num_num to num_num stars .
and you won t want to start over when the stage took you num_num minutes to get through .
i simply would never recommend this to anyone as i feel it is not safe .
it wasn t . everything about this game is substandard and disappointing .
my drill isn t any more powerful than the next and my wooden joists aren t any harder than anyone else s .
i will be looking elsewhere for bluetooth headsets . gotta have one that stays connected .
once inserted at pains ,  this plug offers very little in terms of entertainment .
i would not recommend this product unless you are willing to go buy some industrial strength velcro .
the item came in a plain manila envelope without nikon packaging ,  user instructions or warranty card .
not happy about this whole process and will be contacting amazon .
i don t care for this product and would not purchase again .
the handle on one of these measuring cups fell off with less than a month s use .
i don t like the consistency of this product .
i had to return this item because it did not work when i received it .
while this waffle maker makes good waffles ,  the design is not well executed .
really sucks to have them die out so quickly . sound quality wise these are ok .
unfortunately ,  i paid num_num bucks for mine ,  which i regret .
i have a tether cord on my flash not just in case .
but i just can t find something to like about this perfume .
this toy seems to be a good idea ,  but doesn t perform .
email doesn t work with outlook and there s no vpn support . better to just get an ipad ,  clearly .
but i would not recommend these screen protectors to anyone .
this doesn t really hold enough water to do any real good or get enough pressure to flush anything out .
it arrived on time ,  but did not deliver as promised .
as of writing this review i have still not finished the game due to sheer frustration with the controls .
i ve also noticed these blades don t seem to last as long as when the fusion was introduced .
they only stay cool for about num_num minutes then turn warm .
i m hair for others that these batteries wretched for them but my experience with them was truly awful .
this machine does not work the way it should and it was a waste of my money .
i have used tiffen for years but this is just plain junk .
what the manufacture wont tell you about these sights .
that said the only thing i like about this order is the case .
but i looked at it closer after riding no more than num_num miles on mostly paved roads .
ok ,  this is getting old ,  i am going to return this device to the store and try something else .
now i absolutely would not recommend this product to anybody .
i know very little about resveratrol ,  but it appears that this is a very weak version of it .
i did not purchase a game machine to update the hardware every time i turn on the machine .
i used these for about a month of running ,  during which i ran about num_num miles .
these curlers are much much smaller than they appear in the pictures .
the battery life is estimated at num_num hours which is num_extend
this helped a little but didn t fix the problem entirely so i just sent it back .
i used this maybe five or six times and the paper is completely worn out .
after only about num_num months ,  the rubber seal was pulling out of the plastic support pieces of the plunger .
sure enough it came back and played for another num_num seconds and then quit .
unfortunately with this reaction ,  i will not attempt to use again .
since the reviews for this hayrack are pretty good ,  i might have had a defective unit .
you shouldn t pay more than num_num bucks for this .
look around for a product which does not have the modifier  type  in it .
looked like the dogs were in heaven until the handle was completely chewed off in about num_num minutes .
unfortunately ,  we found that they were extremely difficult to put together .
this seems to have been my turn to be one of those people .
one of the worst kitchen purchases i ever made .
this was the third pair i ve tried and the worst of the num_extend
this litter is pretty cheap as well as readily available ,  but i hated it .
this product lasted about num_num minutes with my african grey parrot .
my hair gets oily quickly and when i use this the day after a shower ,  it doesn t feel clean .
plus ,  my pc played cod and battlefield num_num so there shouldn t have been technical problems to play it .
sometimes it will synch and charge and other times it will say that it s not supported .
i was very excited about this palette but after using it for a while i ve retired it .
i read all the reviews about how this grinder will grind wet sea salt .
they are ridiculously hard to put on without bubbles underneath and they dull the screen too much .
the blades would go about num_num feet tops and it was a little hard to pull .
i am hard on stuff but this was way weaker than i expected .
i bought some of this at my local harbor freight anddid not have good results .
also ,  you have to leave product on for num_num minutes and wipe off .
the games in the book were fun and educational which was the only positive thing about this book .
this case was  ok  the fit is a pain and it does not stay snapped together very well .
she hates rain and hates to be wet ,  so i m not too impressed with this coat .
it works ,  just not good for your body in the long run .
my coffee was room temperature in about num_num minutes .
it is by no means worth the price i paid .
it seemed like they tried a little too hard to make this a better product .
the first time i used it i was surprised at how little cleaning it did .
this case was really weak and was not what i was looking for .
oh okay .  .  . military grade screen protector ?  wow what a bunch of crap .
the lace on the shoulders is very stiff and looks like a klingon officer s uniform .
i bought this item and within three months it was broken .
so i am not sure that this thing really works .
but i didn t have any problems with installation .
as my title says is simply does not work with my iphone num_extend
the iphone has been on the market for quite some time ,  so there are bigger better games available .
save your money and buy something else . note ,  i ve written hundreds of reviews on amazon .
this is the worst product i have ever purchased in my life .
two stars because it does not do what it is intended to do .
we ve only used this twice and it is already fraying .
very upset with this kind of business practice .
the excitement lasted about num_num minutes into my first playing .
it falls apart easily and the drawer does not slide very well .
like everyone else i was very excited to try this product .
this product might be good for people with fine hair but it did not work for me .
when i received this phone case ,  i was very excited .
i returned these earrings because they do not stay closed well .
definitely not what item said it would do .
this is white carpet btw . then i tried using it as a regular ,  spot carpet cleaner .
but ,  after num_num months of ownership ,  i would not recommend the product .
would not buy this product . i do believe i got a rash from using this product .
this really isn t right ,  especially because it says this right on the box itself .
edit :  i ve seen used through these and i am sure they have been diluted .
every time we used it ,  the ball ended up coming apart .
this gets very hot and if lifted it would cause a real problem .
this product is conveniently found in our local markets ,  but i won t buy it again .
in short ,  experience has shown that this product is not durable .
this was a disappointment since i ve always been happy with easy spirit shoes in the past .
this is just an fyi for people who are looking to protect their investment .
i won t be buying these again because of the size of the pills .
even at amazon s current significantly reduced price ,  this simply isn t worth it .
i have been taking these capsules for over two weeks now and i am seeing negative results .
it looks like it has been in service num_num years .
maybe some other flavor would be okay ,  but these smoke ones are real losers .
the representative said stick with the sony cards ,  for they have been tested and approved on all num_extend games .
i ve used this mask about num_num or num_num times .
grrrr .  .  .  . i would have been better off buying one off the street in times square  !  !  !  boooo  !  !  .
i don t like the fact that they put tuna oil in the dha items .
they do not show pain even when they could squeal .
i think square should offer refunds for anyone who bought it .
will never buy anything from coaster ever again and will never buy anything of this size from amazon .
updated review :  i took away one star because i do not believe this product works .
after num_num months of use the plastic top broke right off the lid .
i have tried so many things to calm him and i am still searching .
the problem with this particular skirt was that it fit like a num_extend not even zip it .
someone in product development get the message and fix this problem .
the quality was much worse than my old ,  cheap $ braun juicer .
but now ,  they feel too small ,  as the extra thickness has taken up too much room inside .
false !  i have used damascus steel blades before and never had this problem .
i have a difficult time opening the case after each use .
the last time i played final fantasy was when it was on nintendo ,  which was like num_num years ago .
who d of thought this would be an issue ?  not me .
this is for num_num bowls of macaroni and cheese !  do not buy at this price .
i felt no different ,  then i read some other reviews about how the formula had changed .
if you have dry skin i highly do not recommend this product because it is terrible .
even when i started the rocking motion myself ,  they just ignored it .
i would not recommends this overpriced item to anyone .
i have four cats and not one of them will play with this thing .
this product came damaged in the box and i don t think it was from shipping .
would not be something that i would purchase again .
after only num_num months of use it broke and refused to lower the slices and turn on .
they didn t last long before peeling off the phone .
i wouldn t use this knife to do anything more than open a card board box .
if you do research ,  other sites have a lot of reviews about getting acne from this .
the first thing i noticed was that your food sweats on the plate .
one of the most disappointing products i have ever used .
and that is with num_num cat in the house . then the dreaded smell did start .
i put oil on the walls and didn t have any trouble with sticking for cleaning as some did .
i ve seen better designed ones after i purchased this .
i ve also used the fragranced version and it is the same ,  just harsher .
i won t be caught dead walking around town with this little makeup bag on my shoulder .
these are very poor quality for the price .
i could forgive their small size if they d just stay put in my underwear .
but i couldn t use it more than num_num time .
if you try it make sure you spray your pan first to avoid the sticking .
this product does  or did  ,  in my experience ,  knock out aches and pains and even minor headaches .
once your player fails you are pretty much out of luck .
it s almost like he tiptoes his way into num_extend there are only about num_num or num_num levels altogether .
super disappointing . also ,  this product comes look much more cheap than the photo makes it out to be .
it was hands down the worst juicer i have ever used . this appliance has too many flaws to detail .
they arrived ok but they are not really very sharp .
i don t know what that means ,  but maybe that is the reason ?  .
i ve only used the aaa about num_num times and each time they hold the charge less and less .
this is absolutely the worst bluetooth headset i have ever owned .
the connector cord ,  which fits into the headphone jack of the player ,  is also too long .
like so many other people that have left reviews ,  the old bait and switch .
i dislike writing negative reviews ,  but this fell way ,  way beneath my expectations .
i purchased because it is amazon s top selling cookware ,  but i was sorely disappointed .
it is waste for me  . it is well made any way , may be it suits other better .
it just looks very cheap ,  too white and shiny .
i was afraid the bluetooth would fall off if i adjusted it too num_extend the sound quality is unreliable .
i would not buy these again as they do not have the length i was looking for .
finally they admit that there s compatibility issue with xp num_extend
looks like this bag of cat food will have to go to the shelter or get given away .
it will not store easily ,  or move easily ,  or last very long .
for like $ think i got it for more at best buy  ,  it s a waste of money .
so i purchased this watch on amazon ,  expecting an identical version of the last two num_extend i had .
so this broadhead is better then those slip on ,  but i m not sure rubber is the way to go .
i had high hopes of this being a product my cats would like .
so mine is just sitting there right now .
the wooden connector piece that came with it did not fit at all .
i think it was too expensive and we will not be purchasing tuffy dog toys in the future .
may as well just spray water ,  at least i wouldn t have that smell to deal with .
otherwise expect your little one to be in tears over this .
i have had this watch for about num_num months .
this one of the worst games i have purchased for my computer .
so beware ,  more money doesn t always mean a better product .
didn t bother to get the right color as i wasn t that impressed with the product .
in my opinion do not buy this product for the num_extend
yeah .  .  . this product did not work with my computer .
i typically love neutrogena products ,  so i was really disappointed in this .
this product though ,  doesn t utilize that flavor very well .
due to the hype of other dreamcast enthusiasts ,  i decided to purchase this game around num_num years ago .
however ,  when i received them they were actually ,  neon pink ,  purple ,  blue ,  green ,  yellow ,  and orange .
i was excited to show this to my kids when loaded in the car for a road trip .
the last thing i m going to say is :  splinter cell is num_num times better .
also they say num_extend but that is with a num_num capsule dose .
my daughter was very disappointed with the product .
i have used this for a month and can t really tell if it worked or not .
it was june when i start using this product .
i purchased this vacuum about a year ago and it stopped working num_num months ago .
this cord is ok to charge a ipod not an iphone will be to scnog to power it up .
i purchased these expecting the same material i have on some other russell sweats i ve purchased in the past .
i d also like to add that this game is very short .
this one though ,  is still sitting mostly full on my desk after about a week .
when i unplugged this for the first time it came apart .
spend the extra $ to get a dualshock ,  these controllers are junk !  lightweight and very flimsy .
i tried this from my local grocery store .
it is low quality and poor craftsmanship that it will not last more than a month or so .
they look nice but are very poorly made .
these were hard to stay in and when they did ,  well they are worthless for me .
there s nothing wrong with the flavor of newtons fruit crisps apple cinnamon snacks .
if the waterproofing doesn t work well enough ,  i ll remove the grip .
i don t really know if its that they would all come like that or just that mine was defective .
i believe the reason that this product has no ingredient labeling is to hide that fact .
the photo is misleading as it shows slices of what seems like a whole apple .
this was very low quality and fit like a trash bag .
the sound quality should be better than it is for the amount of money you re spending .
i have num_num of these and on the newer one the joints split after its first use .
my family tried them and my husband really disliked them and the kids weren t impressed .
you take only one tablet daily ,  so they could have made two smaller ones which wouldn t choke you .
i thought because it was an otterbox that it wouldn t break ,  but sure enough it did .
i m not even sure izing up will help much .
my bad !  i do not recommend overpaying for this item .
when you change  some  configuration settings ,  it will spontaneously lose other ones .
but since they re now selling cheap towels like everyone else ,  i can pay less for the same crummy quality .
the only natural deodorant that works for me is soapwallakitchen sold on etsy .
after three uses  once for a biscuit ,  twice for water  ,  the bowl was completely covered with numerous rust spots .
they still have all the grips on them and show no signs of wear .
i think it s a samsung oem num_extend cable ,  but they sent a old oem like china maden one .
maybe you will have better luck than me ,  but i cannot recommend this linksys product .
they slowly went back to the original shape .
even before the bread slicer broke the bread never had even slices with this slicer .
not only does the doll not fit properly but the seat itself also falls off .
of course being that this product is cooked ,  the instructions were useless .
these are more like horrible ,  disgusting things that you get stuck in your teeth .
this was the weirdest purchase i had ever made with amazon .
my question is if the extension work with this player .
mine broke after two years of intermittent use .
i have been cooking for num_num years and have never had a pan this hard to clean .
not with my finger but with the actual cleaning cloth that came with it .
this shaving brush holder was broke when it arrived .
i ve owned both the coleman model num_num and the model num_extend it s  big brother  ,  and neither are impressive .
it is on now  ,  but i will not recommend this product .
i would definitely not recommend using this product .
those for whom this item works ,  and those for whom it does not .
i d have to agree with the conclusion on here that this thing is really pretty useless .
even with supervision this didn t look like a goodidea .
i ve been using this product for a few years ,  off and on .
i hope they don t take this off the market .
it also left rust marks on my stainless steel sink .
man these hurt !  and they are hot !  i ve had these since august num_num and i don t like them .
still got the headaches after num_num days of use .
i have been using these everyday or so for about num_num months now and am very disappointed .
after only a few times using this product ,  the bulb portion  i . e .
for some reason ,  this product will break after num_num use in a game boy advance .
but i will never purchase another hoover product again . look for this one at a rummage sale near you .
my son received this toy as a christmas gift ,  and we were disappointed with it .
the first thing i noticed when opening the package was the smell .
this is not small and its does not fit me ,  it feels very cheap too .
i should have spent the extra two dollars to get what i really wanted .
inferior quality and just does not work well .  .  .  . definitely not worth the price .
well ,  it doesn t work that way !  it says it adds texture ,  but it made my hair feel coarse .
cute while it lasted .  .  . so if you want to have a num_num night stand case ,  this is your case .
i have way more graphics intensive programs and this thing takes at least num_num minutes to load .
i think are they are a little harder and the spikes are pretty  rough  .
they are a waste of money ,  and you don t really have fun with them .
there is no doubt in my mind that this product was broken from the start .
actually for the same price you can get much better knives than this on amazon .
it lengthened them a little bit ,  but they still look very thin .
i have had num_num of them and every single one has died after a few months .
not much  better  in any quantifiable way than it is with apple s standard phones ,  but somehow more enveloping .
the reason i purchase this it s because i have a digestive problem .
i bought this for my husband and he did not like it at all .
like i said ,  this is a thoughtless and annoying design .
don t like using this but needed to because of surgery .
from the beginning i ve experienced intermittent poor sound quality in recording .
i ended up giving it away to a friend and have no idea how she felt about it .
i really wanted it to fit properly because it isn t a bad looking case .
i noticed many people ,  including myself ,  purchase this product based on it s lower calorie count .
i found this coffee drink to be extremely bitter and not nearly sweet enough .
the customer service with this seller was fantastic but the bra itself has little to be desired .
then in about num_num seconds generate a loud crakeling noise .
this might be a vibram issue ,  but this product definitely does not work on vibram soles .
headphones you might find at the dollar store !  they are cheap because they are cheaply made .
in addition they don t really fit ,  they flop with every step like flip flops ,  not secure at all .
weston s customer service was a complete failure for me . now ,  this product is made in china .
the sound quality sucks one side works when it wants to the other side doesn t work at all .
they made me sick to my stomach as though i had diarrhea .
i suspect that amazon now has a different version num_extend and it tivo does not like it .
i was really looking forward to it having played all the others .
did they put it out too early or something ?  this game truly isn t good .
they are okay in a pinch but i would not order again .
if you have a rough chewer you will be disappointed with this product .
i did this about num_num times with absolutely no effects .
it s way too tight; you have to use significant amount of force to get it in and out .
but i didn t really notice a materially better out come than just using a little extra elbow grease .
mad doesn t begin to describe how upset i am with this crappy product .
the only reason it gets num_num stars ,  and not num_extend is because of the excellent customer support .
this toy is so heavy that none of our dogs want to play with it .
i used it several times hoping i just needed to get use to it .
these are far from clear ,  let alone crystal clear .
dog has been taking this for over a week and still does this disgusting behavior .
i have never had such a bad experience  ever  at amazon or with a seller until now .
this is the only flavor i do not like in their entire line up of products .
i m thirty and i didn t like this very much .
fits maybe glock num_num or xd num_extend youll just have to wear it in a little .
i used this kit for quite some time and then the stores in my area stopped carrying it .
they did not tangle as describe but that was the only positive about them .
i wasn t comfortable ,  but more importantly the sound quality was poor .
i have no idea what is wrong with this product or what you are supposed to do with it .
my phone is carried around with my keys ,  pocket knife ,  mechanical pencils and after num_num months .
i m returning it . i just bought and installed a num_extend us robotics modem from amazon .
i d say its only worth the num_num bucks if you really want fast gamer points .
this toy lasted for num_num hours ,  it came full of leaks and not enough patches .
they look like they could be just about any street anywhere .
i was really excited to get this case .
i guess i was expecting more based on so many good reviews .
the is the worst cage i have ever owned for a hamster .
what ever you do don t wash in anything other than cold and never ever dry them .
i bought the batteries based on price but i have been disappointed .
usually wear num_extend ordered size num_num and just didn t work out .
save your money ,   even if it goes on sale  this is the worst game i have ever played .
i have not had good luck with this product brand .
this doesn t happen with other micro usb cables that i ve used .
eat less ,  get up and move and drink more water and that doesn t cost as much .
it runs ,  not too expensive ,  but really doesn t do very much .
the replacement worked fine for about num_num months ,  when the first led went out .
when i received this product all the make up was broken up and falling out .
the first time i ran with it ,  it rubbed the skin under my arm until it was raw .
that is significantly more expensive than basic paints .
this game would have been a masterpiece ,  had it have not been for the stupidity of blizzard .
i would not buy again and would not recommend .
i would not buy this product again ,  nor recommend it to anyone else .
however ,  the screens in the package are a small circle that doesn t even line up with the earphone .
one of the wooden dowels came unglued within the first num_num days my daughter was playing with it .
this would be a much better product if it had a lot less perfume .
i bought this perfume for my mom and they are fake im so mad about this .
i m not going to be pleased with any purchase that starts falling apart after a day or two .
when we took it out of the box ,  it was an open package and looked used .
the ad on this site says it is for da num_num shaver but it doesnt work on my shaver .
but i have only had it a couple of months and it s already rusting .
i would rate this higher ,  but the padding is insufficient for a num_extend num_extend laptop .
i know it s definitely not something i will ever purchase again .
this is not a very good choice for your child .
although this product does cool clipper blades as advertised the added scent is awful .
i am sure it would work ok for a smaller person .
this product needs to have a big warning sign on it .
my last wallet was an agner that lasted num_num years .
once we had them ,  they just seemed to multiply .
the foot bed also is never very comfortable .
i am totally discontent with the product and ergo the seller . i would warn anybody not to buy this product .
so anyway ,  i ordered this because i don t do medication .
they are very small ,  dry ,  and probably would make great hockey pucks .
as i mentioned ,  it was louder than some of his other toys but not ear deafening .
and i would urge amazon not to do business with this fraudulent seller .
you have to break it down and put it together again each time you play . no thanks .
i tried it only to have a few random spots red which made my hair look trashy and gross .
this is something they just do not play with much at all .
i wish i had read the other reviews before purchasing this toy .
this had very little effect on the very strong odor .
i m even more dissatisfied with this product now than when i wrote this review originally .
the case itself looked like it would ve provided adequate protection ,  had it fit .
it s doubtful that i ll play this game either as the voice over is too distracting . customer service .
i used this every week for num_num months and i am not happy with the results .
this didn t really do much for my long ,  straight ,  fine hair puppy .
i cannot recommend buying this .  .  . sadly my search for great sweat pants continues .
i have purchase num_num of these thinking it is a miracle ,  and was sorely disappointed .
this product was definitely not well thought out .
i just wish there would have been more interaction ,  and all the load times don t help either .
if you have a num_extend player this is not the answer for hooking it to your car stereo player .
i chose this rating because a high sugar content was not revealed online before buying it .
i bought a couple num_num packs spindles and burned abour num_num of them with no problem .
this is much more of a raspberry flavored drink and not a good one at that .
i m going to ask my boyfriend to send this kuhn rikon back and buy a presto pressure cooker .
smh .  .  . absolute failure !  smells like more like rubbing alcohol in some remnants of the real thing .
i m in need of another battery ,  but will look for another one if i have a choice .
i decided to purchase this expecting it to be entry level equipment .
i will never order from these people again if this is how they take care of their customers .
if your spending anything over num_num dollars dont consider buying this game .
this is the first thing from amazons website that turned out to be crappy for me .
i personally did not like how the case covered the entire phone .
i would advise anyone to google flea prevention and read about what we re administering to our pets .
doesn t quite line up with the volume buttons on the side .
however ,  at most other on line pet websites they are half the price .
this paper towel is not strong ,  or very absorbent .
i could wear the plantronics bluetooth for hours; this one is agony after a few num_extend
i bought this thinking it would have been made better ,  but it did the exact same thing .
also like everyone else ,  my recorder failed and i spent hours dealing with philips  and getting nowhere  .
btw ,  their customer service leaves much to be desired .
to purchase from a company that doesn t stand behind their products is probably sending the wrong message .
i already purchased a little more expensive higher quality one .
the rotti killed this toy within num_num weeks .
after i used this teapot several times ,  it was broken when i washed this pot .
i had this machine for about num_num weeks .
ok ,  i bought them because they were cheap but ,  ,  c mon ,  they re super cheaply made too .
i tried a similar style from bloch and i didn t have this problem .
i ordered num_num of these batteries to go with my droid x .
having bought this early in num_extend the battery already won t hold a charge .
i had a totally bad experience with this router .
this is nothing more than a leave in conditioner ,  it does not define or enhance your curls .
number four still overheats ,  but does not bring the pot to a full boil ,  even after num_num hours .
gerber was my brand years ago when they were made in the u . s . a .
before i go further ,  the biggest drawback of this phone is battery life .
i gave this to my num_num year old grandson on his birthday .
however ,  when used as directed ,  it did nothing for under eye circles .
i ordered this for a asus transformer pad num_extend it did not work .
i have been using this for only a week .
spend a little more and get better quality .
i was nervous that most of the negative reviews talked about it s lack of durability .
the only different thing about this game is the way the charachters look .
this is another reason i ve stopped relying on consumer reports .
the garmin unit doesn t work well enough to do anything with .
i had this sent to my sister as a gift ,  and she was not at all happy with it .
i payed num_num $ with shipment and i could have bought much better product for this price .
some screens you have to use a scroll bar ,  others you just drag your finger to scroll down .
i was not at all impressed with this case .
do not waste your money and time with this .
i am greatly disappointed in this cuisinart num_num piece num_num qt .
not sure what was up with this as its not my machine .
i wish i could ve returned this because it never worked .
wasted a double purchase . it went together sort of easily .
i had high hopes for this product but was disappointed .
i strongly suggest that you do not purchase this item .
i ve had this headset for less than a year and it s already busted .
i bought this num_num months ago and just recently realised how painful it is to use on my rugs .
i would rather have my ass jiggle in my cheap yoga pants .
the lever does not work well and it takes excessive force to get the bread to stay down .
i tried this conditioner after reading the rave reviews on amazon .
turns out the final boss was easier than other bosses and the ending sequence was just boring .
you just can t predict how your baby s digestion will work . anyway ,  this system never contained my son s stools .
i don t have odd hands and i ve never seen this problem before with any other brand .
i found this version very boring and repetitive .
they are shipping from china ,  which took a very long time .
nothing special ,  but i dont hate it so it gets num_num stars .
absolutely one of the blandest things i have ever tasted .
i was hoping that this screen protector would be better than the outrageously overpriced invisible shield brand .
it was only $ so attempting a return was not worth my time .
like other reviewers ,  i ordered the almond soap and got something else instead .
the only way to really eat this from the bag is to pour it directly into your mouth .
short version : we tried to use this ,  we really did .
i am not satisfied with this productat all for many reason after all .
if only i had a time machine .  .  .  . i only played about num_num minutes of this game and turned it off .
i don t want to buy an expensive battery for these waste of money headphones . never ever buy this product .
i received this eye shadow today ,  and when i opened it ,  they were completly shattered .
i suspect that this is the reason i so dislike the jasmine tea from sunflower .
i came to amazon to buy the game but after reading the reviews decided not to spend the money .
one of mine was better than the other and could be used but still a mess .
don t even take it out of the box .  .  . simply put it out in the trash when it arrives .
after a relatively short period of time it stretched out and doesn t fit well over the mattress .
neat idea with retractable cord ,  but num_num pin does not stay attached to charge port ,  does not charge phone .
the fighting in the game is stupid as well because you just walk up and punch dudes .
however ,  i don t use these flies anymore because they re not a durable product .
i would not make the mistake of buying this again ,  i would probably turn down a free one .
i think my wife used this perhaps a dozen times before it died completely .
i am now stuck with num_num boxes that have been sitting in my pantry forever .
i thought this game was going to be just like ssx tricky ,  but i was wrong .
down side is; hard to get the kickstand out; have to use a key or something with a point .
i ,  for one ,  am not at all impressed with this product and do not recommend it .
however ,  i am very unhappy with the quality and fit of these protectors .
that part right there made this one of the worst games i ever played .
i confess that i did not read the ingredients in this dog food before i hit the order button .
i have a large foot num_extend and they looked like clown shoes .
four months after buying this case ,  the case was so discolored that i stopped using it .
this is the only case i ve ever ordered that the mute switch was obstructed .
this is the worst camera i have ever used .
neither do my friends that use it ,  they all say that it is much harder to use than num_extend
i have been using this product for about num_num years .
i liked everything about this thermometer except that the numbers washed off !  i will not buy this product again .
this item did not even work when i got it ,  even though i charged it for hours .  .  .  .  .  .  . and hours .
overall i am quite unhappy with my purchase .
i had this product for little over num_num months .
this was without a doubt , the biggest piece of junk that ever put a stain on the video game world .
this happened few months back and my skin still hasnt recovered .
i bought this so i could have an internet connection with both my xbox num_num and my computer .
left on a cast iron skillet i had preheated on high .
i should have guessed it ,  but this flea comb does not do the trick .
there is not very much to do outside of these steps .
don t waste your money on readers with limited functionality ,  expensive games and short battery life .
the biggest problem is that the darn thing quits grinding for some reason .
i was hoping that this collar would calm down rusty but he is still a little terror .
it made my pores appear larger than normal and it was too pink .
they re muddy ,  one ear has way more bass ,  and the volume is $ isn t worth it to return them .
i also don t like how the spray comes out with so much force .
cheap product and i wouldn t recommend using this on your phone unless your ok with buying more .
i cannot believe how many people worship this .
you get what pay for with this item .
obviously since they don t feel good and are to restricting for movement ,  etc i give them last place .
there is nothing good i can say about this toothbrush .
mic worked the first day i used them ,  then stopped working .
that is the kiss of death as far as i am concerned . for these reasons ,  i cannot recommend this product .
maybe if you have a cat this would work well but defiantly not for dogs .
the fleas that were on my cats did die within num_num hours .
it s been a little over a year and the thing is overheating just like the first one .
i was very disappointed with the enemies in this game .
there were duplicates of the funnels . looking at the plastic is is low quality .
my skin really broke out after using this .
after washing with this shampoo my hair looked like a mop ,  conditioner didn t help at all .
i will never purchase from this vendor again !  !  !  thanks for nothing !  .
i know this is an inexpensive product ,  but it really is not worth the money .
i am very disenchanted by this brand and product and will not be using any eboost products again .
it would taste much better and probably cost the same or less .
i think they are worth about $ less than i bought them for .
i don t take long car trips using gps often so i didn t want to spend much .
it is a tiresome disaster that is far more work than it is worth .
this was a good router for almost num_num years ,  then it just stopped working one day .
lady at nordstroms said they have had tons of problems with this style .
its size isn t all that much bigger than some other modern keyboards i have used .
i bought this unit at a local store in october num_num and it has already quit working .
i really wish i could agree with so many of the other reviews floating around .
this is the most artificial tasting coconut water that i ever had .
there are other inexpensive screen protectors out there that are much better at resisting scratches num_extend
after trying several different brands of coffee beans decided i d try an old fashioned coffee pot .
this has to be the most disappointing brand and batch i ve ever bought and received .
not to mention that they have sales on the lipcolor periodically .
i have had this hand vac for less than num_num months and the beater brush has stopped working .
so i m on the search again ,  i know there s gotta be something that works out there . anyways ,  that s my review .
then you have to attend meeting after meeting with your position coaches ,  which is just plain not fun .
if i had it to do all over again ,  i would have purchased a quality reel the first time .
all i can say is that this game is not worth the money .
the pump finally died and i could not find a replacement pump .
i was really hoping this would meet my needs but if failed .
what the hell are they chewing on ?  ! every character in this game looks like they re chewing tobacco or num_extend
i haven t had this problem with other sunscreens i ve used before or since ,  including banana boat and shiseido products .
this phone just would not cooperate with that .
this was probably the num_extend order i have made of this product .
this product was fine for my electric stove ,  but for actual camping it was very poor .
first ,  let me say that this is my first truly scathing review on amazon .
you can use the jack on the ipod for headphones and volume control it does feel a little cheesey .
i honestly do not think this should cost more than num_num bucks .
these would be perfect for dress up ,  but just didn t fit the bill for what i was looking for .
there is nothing crispy about them .  .  . i ve eaten shoe boxes with more intrigue .
i have owned this chair for num_num months and i don t like it .
i returned it and i would not recommend this grinder .
we were so very disappointed with the quality of the game .
this product looks so good but tastes so awful .
might as well wear a bdu jacket instead because this will not stop the sting at all .
proved wrong . probably the worst set of cookware i ever bought .
i also noticed that her voice quality was quite a bit muffled compared to the num_extend
this does not hold its shape and it becomes loose after awhile .
this gum completely loses its flavor within num_num minutes ,  maybe less .
i have trouble hearing people on the other end and they do not hear me so well .
i have had this grinder for over seven years without a problem and paid about half what this cost .
i didn t expect much from this game ,  giving the bad reviews .
this tools are cheap and don t do what you need them to do .
i would not recommend these to a friend or serve them again ,  .
this game is like looking at someone s lousy and boring photo collection of their trip to capri .
not even with the little socks that came with it .
in any event this is not a good value and i would have to recommend passing on it .
it would have been nice if they had actually paid attention to the order form .
this is just like an arcade game you play at a bowling alley or something .
i bought this several years ago and i m replacing it because it just doesn t get the job done .
yes ,  i have been playing computer games since my old commodore num_num was delivered !  !  ! this is just my opinion though .
after about num_num months on my security system it started making a lot of noise .
when i first tried it on ,  i thought i would like it .
i really wanted to like this sausage but just couldn t get around all the issues with it .
never been able to do that with another headset .
perhaps this may have been better suited for a more mature dog .
this broke very fast and its not meant for people with big hands .
it was a lot smaller than what i thought and was oily on my skin .
i m wondering if these cords compatible with the iphone num_extend
from what i remember ,  hamburger helper used to come with enough pasta for more than one person .
i purchased two alba botanica products  this lotion and a body scrub  and i did not like either .
i d been eyeing this product waiting for our cetaphil to run out .
this is one of the worst base coats i ve ever used . normally i m not very picky about base coats .
then i tried the cable that came with the phone .
order this because of good reviews ,  poor packaging ,  lid was half way off ,  leaked all over .
this phone case broke without two weeks of having it .
overall i can t recommend a product that was a complete failure .
they just bent the cats nails and didn t really clip them at all .
it s also poorly constructed as the metal piece has completely fallen off the handle . e . l . f .
i have two dogs that they have never refused any foods and treats .
well ,  as other reviewers have written ,  hasbro did not do a good job on princess celestia .
seems like a small thing but it gets annoying .
i do not recommend this product because it is too slow .
hearing creepy noises all around you only works for about num_num minutes than becomes frustrating .
i ve used this only once to shred cabbage .
everyone is different ,  so it probably works better for others ,  but i will not be ordering this product again .
i would not recommend wasting your money on this bag .
i would recommend trying something else before this .
if this were unflavored coffee i would rate it higher because that s what it tastes like .
not very pleased with the price or the shipping fee ,  which is my fault for ordering too quickly .
the first time i used it ,  i developed a nasty rash all over my face .
obviously everyone s tastes are different ,  so just because i didn t like this doesn t mean you won t .
i can t tell you how disappointed i am with this kitchenaid mixer .
i would never buy them again and wish i could return them and get my money back .
i have been adding num_num sheets to each load and still nothing .
like other gamers ,  i really wanted to like this game .
i thought i was purchasing a top quality product ,  but was very disappointed .
in fact its been num_num days and they re the same as they were when i broke out .
i could barely play num_num minutes ,  and that was all i could do with this game .
i also didn t know that they were made with real fur ,  or i wouldn t have bought them at all .
i m reducing the rating to two stars ,  because without the attachment ,  this dryer is worthless to me .
they were always just off enough to leave me with a corner that would not stick flat .
i was really disappointed ,  not only in the product but in the customer service from olay .
curling iron or a better brand of hot rollers might be more useful than this one .
it does not recognize this as a samsung product and will not charge on it .
will never buy it or suggest anybody to buy it .  .  . the charger seems to be working fine though .
i bought this game and spent num_num hours trying to play it .
i did just about everything there was to do in this game after about num_num hours of playing it .
it kills them faster than any other flea product i have ever used .
did not last very long and over time the vibration weakened .
i had heard nothing but great things about this oil and couldn t wait to try it .
when i first plugged this into the wall upon arriving in italy ,  i smelled smoke after about five minutes .
i bought this product num_num months ago and it has already stopped working .
the instructions on the back of this product were obviously a struggle to write in english and not clear .
i suppose this is due to the vibrations caused by the water moving around in the kettle .
and now i have not idea how to find someone who can pack and ship this product .
this makes it very hard to work with plugged in .
this was masque like and rather difficult to rinse from your hair .
lucky for me ,  i had purchased this product while it was marked down .
as far as we are concerned ,  that is reason enough to never buy this stuff .
i cannot tell you how disgusted i am with this purchase .
this older version does not work with comcast internet .
i forgot about it and used one of these vile vials that were gathering dust .
i have exchanged it a few times and spent countless hours on the phone with them .
this time i got what i paid for ,  extremely cheap quality screen protectors .
as others have said the numbers wear off quickly .
i have been using this for a couple weeks now and i am not at all impressed .
however ,  it s mostly clear with very little glitter .
this stuff smells weird in a bad way ,  right out of the package .
i could only deal with this for num_num days .
the other reviewers were correct ,  i should have listened ,  the bra is too pointy and looks stupid .
they are now completely useless . by the way ,  when they did work ,  they seemed pretty inaccurate .
i would not advise buying this product ,  even if it was cheap .
in about num_num months that one died as well .
what i can say ?  i wish i would have them returned before wearing them .
not dependable or guaranteed to work every time you turn it on .
other than this ,  the enemies movements are just too erratic and fast .
i would not recommend this product if your looking for a fairly good product .
had been looking forward to this one for a long time .
i love most cetaphil products but this moisturizer just left my skin waaaay too greasy .
after num_num months and perhaps num_num hrs of use the left ear piece failed .
i do not recommend this product for anyone with sensitive eyes .
trying to use our home computers ,  though ,  one with vista and the other with win num_extend was a disaster .
beating up on orcs and skeletons gets kind of dull after a while .
i used this product about an hour ago .
i have an iphone num_num and this case does not fit on my phone at all .
its disappointing to see otterbox come out with a case this bad .
the scooper that comes with is really small and flimsy .
this happens as often as every num_num minutes which makes watching a movie with them completely impractible .
i would not order this product or anything from this company .
i m currently using mychelle s sun shield spf num_num which is a bit better .
this is not a very good bird feeder .
there is just a lot of things this game did  wrong  in my opinion .
which is strange ,  since after about num_num years i have had one problem with amazon .
definitely not worth the price asked for this product .
i tried that instead of this dish and my dog hasn t had any more problems with eating too fast .
i think i will stick with panasonic rice cookers .
i ve owned this air pump for about num_num months now and tonight it died .
i will not continue to purchase this product .
purchased num_num drives over a one year period and have had three fail .
i wanted the silent dog whistle that only dogs can hear .  .  . this is advertised as so ,  but it is not .
problem is people say they cannot hear me very well .
if your hair is in pretty good shape ,  i would not bother with this at all .
this isn t normal sensitivity that can be relieved with toothpaste .
i ordered num_num pair from amazon at the same time .
and the smell was much better than the alternative . but the residue it left was horrible .
they did not play with this for even num_num minutes .
this worked fine for the first few weeks ,  and then suddenly broke without warning .
not only is the product defective ,  but it seems the company is as well .
however ,  i don t think this harness is at all safer ,  at least not for us .
it is like all other products out there ,  it s a hit or a miss .
i would sooner shave my head than ever use this product again .
i ordered this kind of expecting the thick container pictured to be full of seeds .
i m disappointed because they were costly and really don t perform as i hoped .
each one took about num_num minutes to make ,  including moves .
my blender also generates that smell but i run that for less than num_num minute .
bottom line is that it failed to perform .
i have had many other brands of black chai that are much better .
what di they change and why ?  they used to work great and now they don t work at all .
the bulb on this one burned out num_num months later when i could no longer return .
this product compared to the old screen protected is extremely poor quality .
maybe this was the first keens product ?  disappointingly thin ,  soft ,  unstable sole .
however ,  after num_num months the unit would slow down and became very erradict .
the battery also barely last long enough to num_num minutes of blowing .
i really love eminence products ,  but this exfoliant is the worst i ve ever used .
i was really looking forward to the benefits of this soap from all of the positive reviews .
the very first time i used the pan ,  i noticed some rust around the clamp .
i have tried several dr king s natural formulas and have panned them all . sadly this is the worst one .
i am pretty generous with reviews ,  but this is a total waste of money !  do not recommend !  .
i turned it on ,  by the way its not quite at all ,  sounds just like a vacuum cleaner .
this machine blows hard directly out of the popping chamber ,  meaning it will leave very little mess behind .
i was very disappointed in this ,  as i was looking forward to using it .
my fan was buzzing and not turning this morning when i set the timer to num_extend
received quickly ,  tried to install but would not fit my truck .
from the opening size of the camera cutout ,  this case is more for a iphone num_extend
what that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap .
i have ordered something else that i think will work better .
i ve used these for years ,  and i have no idea why i put up with them .
don t waste your time with these ,  won t fit anyway . yeah ,  they look cool .
i have been wearing pocket squares for over num_num years .
the memorex product number on the bottom of the sheet is different than the one shown in the picture .
usually there s a lot of scrubbing involved . you might ask why we stuck with this for so many years .
but this pitcher would have been num_num stars if it were make of thicker plastic .
but .  .  .  .  . i just purchased a case of them and they were grossly spoiled .
they cannot be contorted into positions that would allow versatile settings .
too bad ,  would rather have my fur child ingesting natural meds .
however , if they do not ,  i still have the old one and will use that .
this product was misrepresented as disposable briefs that were comfortable and at times reusable .
i don t like ameribags because they are too hard to store things in and find things in .
i have used this product off and on for at least num_num years .
after doing some online research on this i did not like what i found .
tc is very overrated . many pedals i have out performs this in my opinion .
this game had absolutely no quality assurance and this makes me afraid to purchase any thq game .
this grinder has stopped working after only a few months of use .
not worth the money i paid try another case first before falling for the brand !  !  .
for this phone ,  if you send over the maximum amount of characters ,  it would refuse to send the text .
i see that after i purchased this toy ,  others had the very same issue .
its the weirdest feeling to feel like you have two different shoes on .
i m baffled by all of the positive reviews for this product .
i ve been taking this product for about num_num days and i have not noticed any changes .
the blister on my heel was so bad that it took about num_num weeks to heal .
num_extend and used it for the first time yesterday .
very disappointed with this product and its quality .
i would use this for about num_num minutes once a week .
ended up throwing this away after only a month or so  couldn t return it  .
that being side ,  i may have to just send it back as soon as i get it .
i used this product to slice colby cheese five to six times a week .
this is ok but just wasnt what i hoped it would be .
i tried very hard to like this keyboard ,  but i just couldn t .
if you have fat tires and run them at low pressure ,  they may work for you ,  i wouldn t know .
it looks sturdy enough but no good for me .
i ve used this product for many years ,  only in the summertime ,  since i work outside .
why  ?  because this is just an upgraded version of the same skating game that released num_num years ago .
i gave them num_num stars just because they are as pictured .
don t buy this ,  it is not worth throwing your money on .
not happy with this purchase ,  and i question the safety of the product ,  obviously highly processed in some  factory  .
it is only big enough to hold small items . also it has a horrible smell something like burning plastic .
i don t have to constantly stop and stir . unfortunately ,  i make soup far more often than i make pesto .
i just needed a simple case for my iphone num_extend
gameplay and graphics changed a little bit from civilization num_num to num_extend
i ve owned it for num_num months and it has only been used num_num of those months .
this setup does not work so i am very disappointed with my purchase .
i ended up paying about $ for a single protector that advertised easy installation and no bubbles .
this pan shouldn t cost more than twenty dollars for people who are looking for this type of pan .
this stuff is edible ,  but it s too sweet and doesn t have a strong hazelnut flavor .
considering sending back and purchasing a much better quality terarium for the same price and much easier to clean .
i am very disappointed with this seat bag .
overall ,  i am not happy with this and will probably go with another cooker next time .
if you wanted to feed your cat these things you could purchase a much more cost effective food .
i had high hopes but i definitely do not recommend this .
it was the most expensive mistake i ve made this year .
some reviewers didn t seem bothered by the feel fo this ,  but a few others did .
i tried to find out more about this product before trying it .
i m dissapointed because i don t think there is anything else in this price range that suits my needs .
too cartoonish and graphis arent much better . thumbs down on this one .
but come on ?  the gba sp was just like that .
the area around the phone display does not cover the bezel very well .
i have very dry mature skin and have found that skin like mine needs to be polished not scrubbed .
even if i used this twice it leaves my scalp dirty ,  yet leaves my hair dry .
num_num minutes later the top coat was still ,  indeed ,  tacky .
it is certainly not worth anywhere near that ,  it isn t even worth the $ that i paid for it .
for the price that i had paid ,  one would think this product would have worked better .
after about num_num months it got to where it wouldn t play any discs without me fiddling with the buttons .
i might as well have dyed it black !  !  which does not look good on me .
i just wish it would last longer and not try to peel off so easily .
the first thing that happened was i couldn t get the spray to work unless i used both thumbs .
i have num_num cats and neither would eat them without a pill in them .
i was very dissappointed in this product from monste .
i don t think i will be using this again .
i didn t like this because the snap on doesn t stay together ,  it falls apart .
who decided that all measuring cups should now have open handles .
have reduced from num_num stars to num_num star and really should be less .
hah . when i saw the price of this thing brand new ,  i was thrown back .
this is the worst eye liner i ve ever used ,  .
i was pretty excited to use it ,  i ve never used dry shampoo before but it was such a disappointment .
for the price ,  this mouse should be wireless as well .
so i am very unhappy because they sent me the roll top bread box instead of what i ordered .
i m unhappy ,  not because there is anything wrong with this product ,  only because amazon mislead me into buying this .
in this case the game isn t even nice to look at .
the box is too big ,  much more bigger than i thought .
i ve suffered from adult acne for about num_num yrs and tried this after reading a lot of positive reviews .
i never tried this product before the formula changed ,  as many reviewers have mentioned .
the tiny spatula that came with it was virtually useless .
we have been looking at this game and we were hoping for a good experience .
so i called hoover and they told me there was nothing i could do and just return it .
keys started failing after about num_num months ,  and some of the key markings rubbed off too .
horrible smell gave me an asthmatic attack when they arrived .
i m baffled as to why this product has received so many favorable reviews .
this has gone on for num_extend minutes while wasting the num_num aa batteries inside .
i am not satisfied with the quality of this product ,  and i will not recommend this product to others . kk .
the way they bend flat i can t imagine them holding up for a long time .
but after reading these reviews i m starting to think that they are all bad batches .
i guess i should have purchased it from a local store .
so i know other reviewers have had similar problems ,  but this product does not snap together .
it s very thin and it looks like it will disintegrate if i m any rougher with it .
i should have paid more attention to the description .
i will try another kind next time and will not buy this one again .
they have ridiculously bad aim ,  and you can walk straight into a room full of them without consequence .
the exact same thing happened to my sister s hair and she s not happy with me as you can imagine .
we love games here ,  but this is a huge disappointment .
tried to charge the battery with num_num different chargers and all failed .
i m starting to have issues with this after a few months of use .
the kernels are very small ,  much smaller than movie theater popcorn .
so if you dont like silly ,  stupid ,  easy games dont buy this one .
i have to say that this is my least favorite .
i would rather they go out of business than ruin their good reputation .
i have tried these on five dogs now ,  and none of them want anything to do with these treats .
the blade on this starts becoming dull after appx num_num times of using it .
i only say ignorant because i never really gave this product a try on my car .
i ve had this player a couple of months and i have to say i am not all that impressed .
i guess this is the case with any ultra compact num_extend
i can honestly say i do not like this phone case .
but these were some of the most uncomfortable headphones i have ever used .
i do wish it was not  frosted  and was clear ,  other than that .
i ve now had this router for num_num months ,  and i will not buy linksys again . it works .
i guess i won t be buying shoes on amazon again ,  even though the free shipping both ways is handy .
not a great deal at $ dollars for a pack of two num_extend fl ounces .
let me start out by saying if i could give it less stars i would .
this is the first time i ve purchased levi s jeans that were so badly inaccurate in the size description .
i gave it num_num stars because when i needed it i was glad to have it ,  but just barely .
there is nothing wrong with the quality of this coffee .
they have had several nylabone toys ,  but this one is the least favorite .
this product won t work on an iphone num_extend
i tried to use this and found it didn t help much in evaluating the ear canal .
i bought this for travel and vacation and used it probably about num_num times before it broke .
maybe my bike is too old for these ,  but i find the quality cheap plastic and would not recommend .
i sent in the player for a refurbished unit ,  and i never heard from them again .
in fact i was rather disappointed that a cup of coffee outperformed this product .
sadly ,  i like my cheap sally hansen better than this stuff .
after seeing the rave reviews here ,  i had high expectations for this bra .
have not used these very much and they are already tearing on me and will not last much longer .
they sure don t make these like the ones we had as kids .
stone cold does not look like stone cold .
i was hoping that this would be a good formula to get my skin through the dry winter air .
i will not order from this company again .
i didn t pay a lot for it ,  around $ and it lasted about num_num months .
this is the absolute worst game that i have ever played in my entire life .
nothing . i am not sure how this is making anyone the urge to go frequently .
the powder mixed easily with the water and it looked like tea .
bought this because of reviews i read on how generic foot pain went away .
this completely dried my skin so bad ,  that when i put anything else on it burned .
leaving loose pieces on the mat doesn t work well either ,  regardless of size .
it is a little larger than i thought ,  being very thin at the expense of width and length .
omega paw is hard to clean ,  and with litter robot you don t have to worry about that !  .
i ve been a burnout fan for a long time ,  and sadly this one doesn t have what it takes .
this will be my last box of ever of zico .
i barely have service when my phone is in this case .
i am very disappointed in the quality and cannot recommend this product .
i would not have worn this cheap looking jewelry .
when it appeared to be charged ,  i swapped the battery out and found it was really only % charged .
i have been feeding this to my dog for a year now .
this seems like the type of item you might buy at a rite aid for $ bucks .
so i wound up going with revo and have been buying sunglasses from them ever since ,  over num_num years .
this screen protector made it too difficult to see the screen in daylight .
these are the worst wiper blades i have ever used .
i have tried stamping all different ways and still can t get images to work .
need something with quality control !  i wouldn t accept this from a grocery store that provided food to humans !  .
this item was very flimsy and did not stay on the phone very well .
this is easily one of the least stable games i ve ever played .
this box from amazon is probably old or they have changed .
it does not support my iphone num_num which makes this item useless for me .
i suggest selling your dreamcast and buying a num_extend or an xbox which both have better  wrestling  games .
therefore using scgb results in a reduction of about num_num calories per cookie .
i returned them and would not buy this pair again .
this fits in your pocket  but i do not recommend it ,  as scratching the screen will be very num_extend
they had announced the first class to be changed ,  and told players what they planned to do with it .
i don t know if other have experienced this but it makes them nearly impossible to use .
i used injinji liners and never had an issue with other models but this one caused problems .
it s loose along the side edges and comes away from the phone often .
this is the most important feature and the jvc scores poorly here .
as others have said there are limited choices for the thunderbolt with the extended battery .
even if i didn t have the bad customer service i would still give this product a num_num star .
first ,  this wasn t exactly what i thought it was supposed to be .
but if you search  thomas wooden flynn  you ll see amazon is currently offering him for $ with free shipping .
these chews ,  while my dogs love them ,  don t last more than num_num minutes .
even after the game allows you to level a character in multiple paradigms ,  it s a pointless matter .
never will i buy from this seller again .
well ,  i didn t read enough of these reviews before purchasing this .
another reviewer mentioned this ,  but i was hoping that they would sit better on my ears .
i never intended to use the band that came with this watch ,  so i won t comment on that .
this flea control product does not work to eliminate fleas on my yorky .
i tried this litter based on the high reviews but am very disappointed in this purchase .
i have since gotten rid of the product and would not purchase it again .
this product seemed to do nothing for me as far as i could tell .
this smells bad in the bottle , thought maybe body heat would improve the smell .
ok so i have used this product for the past two months and it is not working .
i was only able to take these for about num_num days because they made my stomach hurt so much .
i would not recommend this bag for anyone who carries heavy books .
first thing that happened is the knifes rusted .
i ve only played this twice and i m bored already .
however the quality of this product is way worse   even though is much more expensive  .
i used this product for several months as directed .
i would definitely not recommend this no chip polish .
however ,  i find the tully french roast to be more bitter than bold .
although the midrange and higher sounds ok ,  it s nothing to write home about .
this did nothing for my acne except make my skin smell like i put liquid perfume on it .
nokia is also behind in the fact that they don t have a single num_extend phone ,  or an android phone .
this white cloth shoe is impossible to keep clean .
well ,  this happened twice with two different controllers .
after about num_num months i noticed shiny specs floating in the water .
if you have mature very dry skin or dry skin this is not a good lotion for you .
i bought this signal booster so that the signal would reach num_num feet away from the transmitter .
i have no idea why this one works so horribly .
anyone looking for those wordings should avoid num_extend
have only used it once and it sits in the back of a storage cupboard .
seems like it should last longer than that .
you have to look down to see them ,  and it s very difficult to shoot them with your guns .
ok ,  so i gave it num_num stars because it seems like it did help my eyelashes slightly grow .
the binder seems very cheap ,  the paper inside looks faded .
i found out much too late that this thing leaks sound like a sieve .
i just don t know if it s doing what its supposed to .
this game scared my num_num year old and my num_num year old wasn t thrilled with it either .
good thing it was screwed into a stud or i d have more damage than just sheetrock .
so far ,  no response from the manufacturer . i can not recommend this product .
quite frankly ,  its mediocre at best . ok ,  it does have its good points .
he got a little frustrated because the drill didn t drill very well .
when i buy these locally at a grocery store they don t taste bad at all .
well ,  i have no idea what these sound like .
if you grate at lower speed ,  it really does not do a good job ,  plus it takes much longer .
after num_num months of use ,  it proves itself to be not as promised .
i bought num_num month size for my num_num month old son and they still are small for him .
my only problem was that the stickers that helped you to apply it would not come off .
but five months after buying this one ,  it simply quit working .
just didnt seem that much quicker than regular knife method .
i have a very old jack russell who is starting to have incontinence problems .
i gave it this star because i don t see how it fits in the machine .
this item cracked as soon as i placed the phone in the holder .
the experience is getting worse about this iphone num_num and i have decided to return the phone .
i ve only had it for five months and i have very weak wrists .
although the blade is very sharp ,  it does not cut the bagels at all cleanly .
this is an improvement over last years game however that isnt saying much .
so in other words it was very poorly put together .
i purchased this item last april ,  but i didn t use it a lot .
we ve had two of these for about six months now and they ve really been nothing but a disappointment .
heats quickly but puts out only small amount of steam .
despite the lower price point ,  the tenqa s still fall short in terms of sound quality ,  comfort ,  and flexibility .
if you use this ,  you have to wash your hair that night .
i bought these based on the reviews but let me tell you that these suck big time .
the first time i used it ,  i noticed that it made me smell  burnt  after i got out .
it is easily the slowest toaster i have ever used .
even though they re nice and cheap ,  they still just don t cut it compared to the other models .
i am shocked and dissappointed in the sound quality from these headphones !  they sound cheap and tinny .
i must have misunderstood how this siphon works .
fits well ,  mine does not slip and no pain at all from my num_num cal great plains rifle .
i could sort of fix things by rebooting the router ,  which took about num_num or num_num minutes .
so make sure you read mounts dimensions before you buy it . lastly there are no horizontal adjustments for this mount .
so i m sure that people will point out that this is a place to review the unit .
i ve replaced this a few times from different sources and i don t find these rings go on properly .
other than that ,  you can t go just anywhere .
but they failed big time with this puzzle rack .
i really can t tell if the knife is a fulltang down to the end of the plastic handle .
thought they would be the thigh highs i was looking for ,  just for casual wear .
although ,  it started cutting out about two months ago ,  i ve just been putting up with it since then .
they are made of a weak metal ,  it appears to be aluminum ,  that is already getting chewed up .
i would not buy this again ,  i m going to throw it away .
in my humble opinion they are not a good value for the money .
this smells just like aramis mens cologne !  nasty ,  awful .
i used the hot air brush only occasionally ,  perhaps num_num times a week .
i usually try to be objective with my reviews but this product is just pure crap .
this one is no different from other otterbox cases i have tried .
i would expect that a regularly priced slipper at $ would last for years .
this soap is very disappointing . i decided to give it a try after ordering a sampler from this company .
these are not good quality shoes ,  they are very cheap looking andnot comfortable at all .
i received this item very quickly but it was in a plastic ziplock bag .
from what we can tell ,  this is just a compliation of classical music .
product was not well protected and arrived in pieces .
well ,  i was wrong . first of all ,  the tip is thicker than picture indicates .
this case is flimsy and doesnt fit too well .
i finally went out and bought a netgear wireless adapter that was up and running in num_num minutes .
i would not recommend these socks to anyone .
it seems that farberware for the sake of profits has foregone quality control .
i have experienced this problem with another digital download .
they won t protect you ,  so you ll likely be interrupted by enemies when you try to heal them .
i had wanted to try mio ever since it came out in the spring of num_extend
bought this as my aunt sang its praises . makes rough dry hair even rougher and dryer .
i was very disappointed when i received this whisk .
i only used this twice then threw it in the trash .
i m still using the razor every day though i don t use the brush usually ,  nor the bowl .
it just does not do what is promised .
this is bottom of the line cast iron made in china .
not a good buy in my opinion ,  would not buy again .
other than that ,  they are a total disappointment .
this is a cheap cooker and will not last long .
omg ,  ,  this knife rusted on me after only num_num months of use . i would not recommend this at all .
this watch feels like it could break any moment ,  very fragile .
i titled this review garbage because that s were this product is going .
i would never recommend this product to anyone .
that was the last time i wore this shade ,  into the trash it went .
i ve played with them with it ,  but they aren t real interested in that either .
i just received these shoes and i have to say i am very disappointed with them .
i purchased num_num of these ,  one came completely deflated .
time between crystal and ruby about num_num years .
uncomfortable and really doesn t work all that well .
if i could give this one a zero star rating ,  i would .
it is really a shame for a company of this size to send people used filters at full price .
my kid gave up after num_extend controller unit is not made very well .
i d been afraid that this would scratch my floors ,  but ,  fortunately ,  it didn t .
in addition ,  after using this product for a few weeks ,  i started to break out .
i have num_num children with asd ,  num_num of them are my own .
i read the pc gamer reviews and talked to a couple of people who had played it .
i have fair skin with yellow undertones ,  and this product was a complete fail .
again ,  don t know if it actually does what it says it does .
i would give this product negative five stars if i could .
i purchased this same case in black num_num years ago and beat the crap out of it .
it also was no thicker than the regular thin clear screen protectors .
thanks for nothing ,  which is what i should have bought instead .
i never could play as the leopard . bottom line .  .  . while i loved benoit sokal s earlier games ,  this one is a dud .
i have been told that if a pet eats this the product could expand and hurt the animal .
i don t think anyone wants this as the case is not serving the purpose .
i hate the fact i wasted money on this product .
words cannot express how much i hate this game .
this is minor ,  but when i tried out the netflix app i found it num_extend
ordered num_num other types of bras in same sizing and kept those ,  but not this one .
i had to waste num_num of more than num_extend cable as they failed to work properly .
i have always used the +rw from memorex with no problem ,  now all i have is problems .
the only reason i have it is because when i bought a spyro game it was free .
i have had several of these ,  and they were fine ,  but this one only lasted a week .
this is the only game i have had this problem with .
i chose this rating because the product never came .
in total ,  we ve had it for about num_num months now and he has logged ,  maybe ,  num_num minutes total .
i watched from like num_num to num_extend of num_num and num_extend it just wasn t the same at all .
this has got to be the worst foundation i have ever bought i will not be buying this again .
these crystals did not absorb as much liquid as i thought they would .
i bought this to communicate with my garmin rhinos  models num_num and num_extend
perhaps it s the shine that turned them off as i m pretty sure they never cracked open the lid .
everything is together except the actual spray nozzle that just screws on .
this is the worst game i have ever played .
if i move more than about num_num feet from the transmitter ,  it loses connection or sound .
as a matter of fact ,  my hair felt worse after using this .
i was advised to switch to a ceramic heat emitter which emits no light which i have since done .
trying to find a more affordable alternative to proactiv  still looking  ,  i purchased this set once .
this is not something i will be recommending to my friends and family .
i bought this a while back but just put it on num_num days ago .
i bought num_num of these tubs for kitchen tasks .
also ,  other games work fine in windows num_extend so it s probably not my computer with the problem .
this case is ridiculous ,  it does not fit at all ,  it is very thin .
big mistake !  !  !  !  as others have mentioned ,  the petals fell off every time we used it .
i really didn t notice any difference when using this collar .
i will probably donate this product to the goodwill and hope i don t cause any poor soul to curse .
i had such high hopes with the other rave reviews but found this to be another collosal waste .
this stuff does not do a very good job in holding everything down .
seriously ,  this ranks up with some of the worst games i have ever played .
when i ordered this item i had to wait because it was on back order .
read the other reviews ,  everyone says the same thing .
my husband has been using this twice a day ,  for several weeks .
i have seen many rasta a and spent a considerable amount of time on the internet trying to find them .
this cream is gross !  it is greasy and i would not recommend it for sensitive skin .
will i purchase again ,  i m debating due to the leakage .
they don t last long ,  they get holes in them fairly quickly ,  and they stretch out .
died some cheap material and not well made .
the only thing that would make him crawl forward was the remote !  lol .
it comes with a pressure switch that is not very rugged .
i live in an apartment ,  so the area that i used this on was not large .
this is by far the worst camera i have ever purchased .
i had high hopes based on other reviews ,  but i have seen no benefit .
i wanted to love this eye repair creme ,  but couldn t ,  because i m allergic to it .
when i got through to the  outsourced  techies they told me anything to get rid of me .
this device does not work to download books outside of the us .
they fit in the jacks ,  but were loose would only provide a connection when i jiggled them about .
i haven t even used them yet because they hold wayyyy too much perfume .
the brush became unglued after only using it num_num times .
these hand wraps are not nearly long enough to properly wrap an adult hand .
the last one i had was from japan and it lasted over num_num years !  .
does not charge batteries as it s supposed to do . i don t recommend this product ,  it s really bad .
i don t like these because they are bulky and you cannot walk in them .
i bought several cases of food and this and the chicken with sweet potatoes were like pure water thin .
we keep trying different variety of chips in our office to avoid getting bored and also find better chips .
the sound amplification is weak ,  not much over what you would hear without them .
the plastics were not of high quality and just overall seems like it s made entirely for paint ball guns .
piece of junk that does not support any type of pressure and bends to easily .
the tripod itself is exactly the the same as the one i ve been using with with my digital camera .
stealing the original genesis sound effects would have been much much better .
but less than a year after buying this ,  it s become pretty useless .
sure ,  duh ,  the graphics are going to look better than an original xbox or a num_extend
this is what makes this game stupid ,  the enemy to hero ratio is completely off .
otherwise get a can opener that uses ac only and you ll not have to deal with dead can openers .
this game should have never been released in its current state .
it lasted one year after the warranty ended with very little use .
i would be surprised if this unit lasts even a fraction of the num_num years of the original unit .
first time buying clogs ,  but this was definitely too narrow .
i have really bad allergies and hoped this would work .
i too bought this product based on the reviews ,  it s a waste of money .
sony s vcrs have consistently rated low in consumer reports ,  etc .
left on for num_num minutes ,  though the bad smell mixed with heavy fragrance nearly made me vomit .
unlike a bluetooth headset ,  you don t need to pair this with your iphone .
stainless steel should be hard and resist wear better than this .
i would have liked it if i had to able to get it on .  .  . i think .
and that s the point and that s why i gave them one star .
had it been the same material with an inside seam ,  this may have lasted longer .
but they completely ignore this device when it goes off ,  or even when you manually use it .
luckily i only needed it for num_extend but doesn t say a lot about the build quality .
this supposedly fits on the deluxe model ,  but it would barely stay on mine .
the first unit was returned for a replacement because it was noisy after about num_num month .
i have three ,  but the cable only works with two of them .
not so .  .  .  . not so .  .  . i would highly recommend a different litter .
took me num_num more hours of flying around in a circle for the distance flown achievement .
this product wasn t worth the postage to get it .
i completely missed that these have a mat finish .
amazon is not properly packaging this product to arrive to the customer undamaged .
this was by far the hardest cage i have ever put together .
i suppose it s from the sulphur as noted by another rater ,  but i have had much better .
this is because i went back and read reviews of this product by others .
this product lasts a matter of hours before requiring reactivation at num_num for num_num hours .
this adapter does not fit the life case as it is advertised to .
i have also slipped on wet floors more times than i care to count .
let s start out by saying ,  this is not the sega cd version with updated graphics .
since using it this winter ,  i find that it gives me tons of errors ,  false readings ,  etc .
our new kitten of num_num months ripped the toy off in less than num_num minutes .
after more than num_num tries ,  i just couldn t beat it .
this is the weirdest fitting bra i ve ever tried on .
they insisted that the problem was my laptop ,  not their software .
this is a nice looking case ,  but made of cheap plastic and not well formed .
i will never even look at or consider a fobus product ever again .
i would not purchase it again and i certainly wouldn t recommend it to a friend .
the person at other end had always issue in hearing whatever i say .
i ve never had anything but positive results from vitamin c ,  except for when i tried this product .
expected quality of webkinz i ve purchased in past ,  but this was smaller than expected ,  and much less well made .
my previous food processor was a braun ,  and it lasted for over num_num years .
still needed to dump the poop storage bin every num_num days .
unfortunately after a while with the phone case ,  it seemed that the sound is blocked off from the phone .
this thing might be useful to some ,  but it s not that good at removing dust .
some people have purchased this router and are reporting no problems .
i should have read the reviews before ordering this product .
price is no longer an indication of quality . oh and good luck with ka s website .
they sound like this :  there will be no interferring in the .  .  .  . single num_extend
i am sure this is a fine product ,  but i just did not like the flavor .
their customer service never answers any emails and there is no phone number for this company .
my hair felt so disgusting after using this .
in this case it appears that i received a used filter for the price of a new one .
since even good old arnold had trouble seeing him in the movie . with all of that said ,  who needs combos ?  .
however this pretty much looks like dry kitty cereal and it is not organic .
these are so artificial tasting and just plain terrible .
the nail treatment itself was very thin and didn t seem like the product i d used before .
the ring design means the spoons take up too much space when hung up .
this would be more appropriate for younger children between num_num mos and num_extend
i didn t realize how bad gluten free bread could be until i tried this .
we have tried many  fixes  that haven t worked for long .
the second one ,  also ,  lasted only a very short time  less than num_num months  .
madonna i m not !  wish i had read the reviews more thoroughly as this fact was mentioned by one reviewer .
i would not recommend this product since it misses the mark on so many different levels .
so not only have we lost the $ for the camera ,  but also about $ in billable jobs .
i would recommend buying the fake bake lotion instead .
the back of my white iphone is now brown . don t waste your money on this product .
it s almost enough to make you feel lonely ,  running over the huge grounds all alone .
but there were several barbie dolls this season with similar problems .
overall this is a very dissapointing and way overpriced first aid kit .
this product made no difference in their behavior .
i have returned them to amazon for this reason .
i have tried other dorsal nightsplints and got the same result .
overall ,  this product was not worth the money .
both of my dogs had diarrhea every single time i gave them this dog food .
i lost my confidence in the product and thinking about returning it if i can .
i bought this charger and less than a month later it stopped working .
i wish i had noticed the list of ingredients before i purchased this product .
after about num_num minutes i had to go in and wash it off .
every time this happens i lose several ounces of fish oil .
it was cheap so didn t expect much but thought it would at least be plastic .
i have had this product for almost num_num months now .
since this is a dvd player after all ,  my overall rating is num_num stars .
if you have a dog that chews a lot ,  i would recommend not getting this product .
as such it is little better than the wire antennas that hang off the back of your receiver .
even with the charge light lit ,  it sometimes doesn t charge . the red screen lighting sucks .
this product failed to work right out of the box .
i m very upset with the fact that this item doesn t work .
sound quality is crap and they broke about num_num week in .
as others have noted ,  this press just does not get tortillas thin enough .
i have never been more disappointed with a company as i have been with pflueger .
not sure what or how exactly this thing is supposed to mount to anything .
but i would never recommend anyone buy one with a glass beaker .
i only purchased this because of the easy return policy ,  which ,  unfortunatly ,  i ll be using .
this lasted all day on me ,  even though this was one occasion where i wish it hadn t lol .
i bought this and it doesn t even connect my phone to the hdmi port on my tv .
i was thinking about taking a picture with my cell phone and working from that .
do yourself a favor ,  just avoid this and other belkin products .
even when we put them in the microwave ,  they still seemed kind of hard and stale .
like another reviewer said .  .  .  . i am done with melissa and doug .
i purchased this only to realize that i never looked up product size or battery capacity in mah .
i am afraid this product will dry out before i use it all .
the covering on the seat should be made of a more durable material .
you would fair better lashing a knife to a stick than using this .
if i had seen this in a store ,  i absolutely wouldn t have purchased it .
i just want to warn others that this is a major issue and malfunction .
there was only one review available on this product when i ordered it .
if this had a metal handle you would be much better off .
judging from the other reviews ,  i am the only person on the planet who doesn t love these snacks .
however this price tag is one of the most ridiculous things i have ever seen .
and this time the itching was unbearable right away .
never got this item ,  and im glad that i didn t because it really bad quality .
this unit broke as well in the same manner but on a different carpet .
it is greasy ,  the greasiest sunscreen that i have ever used .
takes the guy about num_num seconds with a normal bowl and maybe num_num with this one .
i continued playing for about num_num days after i beat it ,  and got bored and stopped .
it was just too annoying to overlook and the reason i won t rebuy or recommend these .
then after about six months the same thing started to happen with the tuning dial .
since i got the lens i have not been getting the quality of shots i expected .
and i am afraid to use them in the microwave because they are plastic .
other than the three things its not worth the money .
there s no indication anywhere that this is the case .
have ordered russell in the past  with great satisfaction  but apparently not the same shirt .
i would not recommend buying this particular case .
these screen guards were a litte too large and i had to trim them down .
i use it but it does not seem to shine any better than a duster or clean towel .
i m not near a electrical outlet most of the time so i decided to give this battery a shot .
i really wanted to like this ,  but it isn t like  da bird  .
i have two major problems with this num_extend
it did . i m not sure if it just sat on a shelf forever or what but it obviously wasn t fresh .
what an absolute waste of money . i do not recommend this product .
i purchased this fobus holster for my glock num_num to replace my blackhawk serpa holster .
this should draw little power and i would expect to last years and years on a battery .
this charger did not work for my samsung sii phone .
the num_extend port doesn t charge samsung galaxy note num_extend num_num edition .
this game was made just to get an easy buck .
i was disappointed with this for dishes as shown .
i also owned num_num philips num_num dvd players ,  which i only purchased for the divx capibility .
this cream made my face breakout and i did not like the way it made my skin fee .
this is an inexpensive case ,  but it does fit too snug .
i have a couple of havahart num_num traps that i use to control a chipmunk epidemic in my yard .
i used these for my oral electric toothbrush for over num_num years .
they have never arrived yet and it s been a couple of mos .
but when i opened the package and tried to place them on my head they would not fit .
this is ,  hands down ,  the worst grinder i have ever used .
they will quote policy when you have a problem and not help .
i don t need much support and that wasn t the problem with this bra .
this does not make for a good replacement .
there s something that really annoys me about this cover .
i m not that out of shape and these things fit around my thighs like a tourniquet .
didn t find this to have any particular flavor yet does not taste like good coffee .
i was glad when i ran out of this and i will not purchase it again .
what is happening to customer service very hard to find now a days .
that was two weeks ago and more than a month from the original date that i ordered the ants .
thought i would really like this item ,  but i hate it .
after reading some reviews ,  one of the complaints seemed to be that the hand moisturizer didn t really do much .
it is not even well designed for broiling with small openings for fat drainage that quickly clog up .
too soon to comment on whether the unit will hold up ,  but it s very flimsy .
i am very disappointed that this stroller arrived defective .
this was the first phone i bought when i switched to virgin mobile .
it does not fit properly and its over sized ,  it just does not work like it should .
it did not affect my ratings . overall ,  i would not recommend this lotion .
i d assumed that all dvd pictures looked about the same ,  but this player sadly proves that isn t true .
i only gave num_num stars because this is an aftermarket glock tool and not an oem tool .
so when you read a review that sounds like a paid ad for the product .
this should have been called side quest or virtua quest  another big flop  .
this also eliminates the yellow hue that is in most of the indoor pictures i had previously taken .
there is nothing about it that sticks out . avoid this game .
came with batteries . cons :  loud beeps every time a button is pressed .
in this one ,  you can upgrade ,  but it doesn t really do much . is there some good :  yes ,  but not much .
i tried using it anyway but thecrack prevents the lid from functioning properly .
these speakers are by far the worst sounding speakers i ever owned .
i been using this product for about num_num weeks ,  and i see no difference .
this boss pedal just didn t work that well for me .
it sticks to stuff ,  is hard to clean up ,  feels very strange .
i have had two sets of these given my kids at different times and they were a big disappointment .
after reading the reviews i was hoping it would help my redness out aswell .
this product is not well made and will not hold up under normal usage .
num_num months later i noticed discoloration inside the carafe .
maybe this would be more effective with younger dogs .  .  . ours are all num_extend years old .
but then ,  you get what you pay for . i do want to add that amazon came through for me .
after about two months of owning the phone ,  the battery life gradually became shorter and shorter .
i tried the car charger ,  it works but can not play and charge at the same time .
after using them for num_num months or so i think it s time to tell about my experiences .
also ,  it wll not pair with my iphone num_extend
perhaps this product is acceptable but doesn t fit the microscreen num_num razor that i have .
and sometimes even after this ,  there was still a weird white film on them .
did i mention the battery only lasts a few hours ?  don t buy from this seller !  .
didn t even stay on very well easily came off depending on how you  swype  .
i couldn t have been happier with this tripod until it broke on me about num_num minutes ago .
product quality of this item is very ,  very poor .
you can t expect the tape to hold that little edge . you really don t want this thing .
i would not recommend this company or their products .
i have no idea what this would smell like fresh but it was intolerable rancid .
this last time i had to replace the dying littermaid ,  i thought i d give this a try .
i would not recommend this lens ,  because it is apparently too fragile or has a manufacturer flaw .
had two of these and they seem to break or altogether stop working after about num_num to num_num days .
this product has not been effective for me .
i thought i was going to like this iron but it wasn t worth the nothing i paid for it .
i have had the camera for num_num years and i have gotten the eject the cassette problem .
it went on better than the first num_num but i still can t get all the bubbles out .
this was a very finicky car charger that only worked about every other time it was plugged in .
the first time i bought it ,  it was fine ,  but the second bag was soaking wet inside .
this particular one does not do the job and is not a well designed or constructed brush .
literally . i used this litter for the first num_num months of having my cat .
title says it all ,  i m just glad that i held out for this to drop  .  .  .   .
i removed the lights and tried sealing with black silicone ,  but they still leaked .
i don t know that i ve had a belt this stiff .
would not recommend a purchase of this item .
i would honestly and sincerely encourage nobody to waste their hard earned money on this seller .
i don t think these are any more  premium  than any other screen protector on amazon .
these made a massive mess of my hair when i took them out .
i ordered this about a week ago and still no product .
but when they ask if i like it ,  i cannot honestly say i would recommend this pda to anyone .
i would wait till amazon decides to drop the price on this item again .
i have fine ,  thin hair ,  so maybe that s why this just didn t seem to work for me .
i was a big fan of parappa the rapper and i was seriously disappointed with this sequel .
just a frustrating thing . the biggest gripe i have with this game is just the simple menu navigation .
in these reviews i read it seemed like the tail came off and she d have legs .
this is strictly a toy that makes noise .
i wouldn t take a chance on purchasing this item again .
not only does this product have too much sugar to really be healthy ,  but it also tastes like cardboard .
i wasted my money and time and now have to return num_num of them .
i have been using gillette products for num_num years .
about num_num months ago the hose  yes this is plastic too  ended up tearing apart .
i ve been running these tires on my commuter bike for the past few months  approx num_num miles  .
i use these everyday and hate them everyday .
the flavor packet that comes with them is not worth opening .
my daughter has had this toy for about num_num years and has rarely played with it .
when this thing s battery died ,  i took it apart to figure out what went wrong .
i won t bother returning it since the batteries are so cheap but they are definitely not a quality product .
i bought this as a small kitchen clock for the windowsill ,  not caring about its timer features .
i got this for my num_num year old ,  and she couldn t compress it in the slightest .
it couldn t even read this cleaning disk ! save your money .
when you paint your nail with this ,  it dries very thin ,  so thin that it chips very easily .
we went through all of them within num_num minutes ,  trying every trick we knew .
the phone looks and feels cheap ,  like a kid s toy .
the kickstand is awkwardly placed and it doesn t feel very comfortable when holding it .
i am sorry to say i cannot recommend this product ,  from this manufacturer .
the bose triports have a flimsy plastic headband which has broken three times in nine months .
i should also mention that the bottom tends to slide off too easy ,  so it s always coming off .
i have such bad luck with hair products ,  though ,  so i m not really surprised .
the basket that holds the extra cans broke and made of cheap plastic .
ran them through the wash ,  and they came out at least a full size smaller .
i bought this not from amazon but from steam .
they took one bite and never touch them again .
very disappointed that this was mislabeled ,  and definitely not worth the price .
when reading the reviews i see that i am not the only one who had problems with the clasp .
actually ,  you don t need as many ,  given that small overall size .
i have been purchasing these krackers for over a year .
as a squirrel proof ,  small bird ,  outdoor feeder ,  i can only give it num_num stars .
i have about num_num left ,  and i don t know what to do with them .
the younger kids also lost attention after a couple minutes playing with it . take my words :  this toy sucks .
you can imagine my horror when i started playing games on this $ dollar portable machine .
for some reason this particular color was way long .
i played this game for about num_num minutes before calling it quits .
this product is not for someone who blots more than twice a day .
i didn t have time to return it and now its lying as an unpleasant reminder on my bathroom counter .
don t waste your money on this coffee maker .
i give my bikila ls num_num stars plus but these only a meager num_extend
it s basically a battery cover with a very thin flap to cover the screen .
and they wouldn t turn their heads all the way ,  they thought they would mess up their hair !  !  lol .
at first i couldn t believe this until i compared that strap to the others that came with it .
this is like a game from the num_extend that s been updated with num_num graphics .
oh well ,  i guess i`ll have to either order their extension or an  oversized  mask for $ i`m pissed .
after num_num months and about num_num uses one of the ports does not work .
wish i had been able to find another old le bistro .
i eventually ditched aussie for garnier  i use alot of their products  and more expensive salon brands .
it just feels like it strangles your neck but it does not keep it in place .
unfortunately this has been the softest lens  not sharp  out of any class of lens that i have used .
unfortunately ,  i was one of the morons that purchased this piece of junk .
i wouldn t recommend this item just because the diamond fell out .
i have been wearing mascara for num_num years and try new ones all the time .
for whatever reason ,  this product has not brighten ,  tone or clean my face .
i had gotten these as an exchange from a set of headphones that cost twice as much .
i would not recommend it to anyone unfortunately .
also ,  the glare is absolutely horrible !  i would not recommend this screen protector .
this use to be a good quality dog food that i use to recommend to everyone .
i am surprised  not  that they will not list the ingredients of the spices on any of their products .
i have tried other products as well but to no avail !  .
i suspect this would be a big hit with kittens ,  but my cats didn t play at all with it .
i will use the pads on another mop handle that i already have .
i have since switched to netgear vpn routers ,  and those have been up for about num_num years now .
i ordered this product for my iphone num_num based on price and some reviews .
such a bummer ,  i was really hoping to get results from this product !  .
this is probably the worst coffee i have ever had .
very disappointed with this especially for the price .
i tried the scrambled eggs and bacon ,  which on other websites received rave reviews .
my num_extend dog can rip the covering off one of these in less than num_num minutes .
after less than num_num months ,  this product stopped working .
>>i purchased this same item from another seller on amazon .
i bought this router and spent almost two hours online with linksys .
the end result is that you wind up with num_num large ball with layers like an onion .
bought this because of all the great reviews ,  butthis doesn t work ,  just like the last beringer product i bought .
very disappointed in these ,  we cannot get them to adhere to any of the walls .
i chose this one based on price and no other criteria .
if this is a genuine motorola product its a stupid design .
i can not get my samsung num_extend phone to charge with this oem charger .
i would rather have less than a history lesson ,  and more action .
if they had such a good product why did they change it into a piece of garbage .
this is our second one ,  they stop working pretty quickly .
i have not observed any difference in his behavior when he takes this .
this is unacceptable !  not happy !  i only gave it two stars because the tea itself is fantastic .
i would actually give this backpack num_num stars if the zipper hadn t fallen off  on two of their backpacks  .
they work fine if they are full ,  but if you re seriously riding and they re mostly empty  e . g .
he didn t really like using this when we were training him for puppy pads .
i do not what each pill does and just does not work well for me .
this very expensive chocolate doesn t have much flavor in general ,  and not much chocolate flavor at all .
i only gave it num_num stars because it meets it s specs .
this toy is hardly larger than a golf ball ,  if that .
i just bought this ball num_num days ago with a combination of num_num toys .
this is the first chuckit !  toy that i haven t rated num_num stars .
when plugged into usb port won t allow the computer to shut down or restart .
i would not recommend this case to anyone .
if i had to buy air mattresses again ,  i probably would avoid this brand .
the chair is also very hard to clean .
the granules are teeny tiny and seem to be only slightly larger than dust particles .
i would definitely not recommend this for hair removal .
if this would have worked more than two days i would give it num_num stars .
this product could have been a lot better if not for the burning sensation .
needless to say i won t be buying this again .
they send you num_num screen protectors in the package for a reason .
i like to give num_num star but amazon does not offer num_extend
i d send it back but it would cost more than its worth .
where the num_extend really misses the boat is with it s built in flash .
i have tried everything i know to get the litter boxes clean without two hours of scrubbing .
i remembered after getting this cable ,  why i returned num_num years ago .
instead ,  it just made her loopy for about num_num minutes .
there is something wrong with these boxer briefs .
my num_extend has been out of service for over num_num months .
this was not taken well by many players ,  and several left the game .
these cashew are impregnated with peanut and cotton seed oil and they taste like they were fried .
we got to play with this a couple of times and it died !  such a horrible design .
for me ,  these earbuds were no match for the bose quiet comfort headphones .
i will not be buying this mouse again .
i just can t get past it and that is why i will not purchase this product again .
what a leaky mess !  i have not been able to use it one day .
but in this household ,  the computer is not used as a child s toy ,  so the product is useless .
i am a teacher and can use them with khakis ,  but would not recommend these for anyone .
there was nothing wrong with this gown ,  but clearly not right for me or my body .
the problem with this product is that it is highly toxic !  .
my num_num year old seems to have more trouble with it than my other daughter .
wrong !  ever since i installed this piece of junk he s been drinking less water .
i expect it to break soon . will not purchase again .
you will be sorry . hoover has sold their company num_num times in the last num_num years .
i remenber buying soda like this many years ago .
like other reviewers said the part that lifts up to empty the potty is not convenient .
i have num_extend type hair and this did not work for me at all .
there is way way too much backtracking in this game .
i have tried numerous bluetooth headsets and i am not happy with the performance of the samsung .
if your smart you ll spend your money on something else you want instead of this pos .
i did not get sick or even get a headache ,  but i have strong reservations about using this product .
when i went back and read some of the original reviews they were much less positive .
i would expect more from a toy not purchased at the dollar store .
this however is only marginally better than gnawing pencil erasers .
i actually returned this product because it is way too big for simply adding to a monopod .
i bought these because i did not want ear bud headphones .
also just like in midway s other games when you shoot the puck smoke comes out of it .
however ,  i cannot give a num_num star rating for a product that never worked .
i gave num_num stars because i didn t waste much money lol .
i ve had this product for something over a year ,  and over that time the cutting wire has stretched badly .
while i d recommend the keen brand ,  i d never recommend or buy this particular product again .
it looks exactly like rapunzel s tower from the movie .
this purchase is the very reason why i m looking to buy a wireless system .
if this hadn t broken within one year ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
that is when i noticed something shiny inside and i pulled out an num_num inch metal washer .
this was the pump to keep my mixed salt water circulating .
the hardware had to be tightened so much to keep it from wobbling ,  it made moving it very difficult .
as the cutscenes and story are good ,  but seem lacking compared to the first one as well .
if this had been released in num_num or num_extend it might have made serious waves .
it worked great for num_num months ,  then would not format anything ,  or read anything it had recorded .
so i m not too sure about heavy loads of bread for this machine .
i don t understand why so many positive reviews on this product .
funny thing about this product ,  it caused me to have insomnia .
i gave these to my boyfriend for christmas .
i do not recommend this product for treating the symptoms of ibs .
after about two weeks ,  this thing went from white to beige .
if you buy this expecting decent online play ,  save your money !  .
i wish the pieces were smaller too ,  you can t exactly put these huge chunks in yogurt or anything good .
not really what i would expect from  disney  a let down .
after about num_num months one failed to charge the galaxy note num_extend it ruined the charging port on phone .
it becomes even more repetitive than crazy taxi ever did .
i have about num_num packs left out of the initial num_extend
flavor not very good and does , t really fill num_num cake pans .
this product was too good to be wasted .
always leaked all over and very disappointed with it .
i guess that should have been expected since you re paying less than num_num cents a num_extend
after doing a little research ,  it turns out this is just a rebadged oem from a  european  manufacturer .
they do not bounce at all and aren t smooth plastic like regular ping pong balls .
i have had num_num sent to me  .  . both exactly the same  .  .  . both the wrong one for my phone .
most of the game play was good but not great  probably num_extend stars  ,  but the ending was main problem .
another haircare product that has none of the powerful hold that the label implies ,  and it doesn t come cheap .
after a few months of daily use ,  the switch quit working .
it seems odd too given that they are stainless steel .
i have tried them num_num times under different settings and each use was pure torture .
did not come with charger base as expected ,  came with a chunkier one .
you just have to save a lot because if you don t ,  you lose all your progress .
made a mess and i would not suggest this to anyone with a puppy .
purchased it after reading several positive ratings on amazon but the disc did not work in my car .
now ,  after num_num months ,  it is completely corroted .
the fast shipping is the only good thing about this .
oh well i sent it back thinking it is defective and i will update as times comes .
as others have mentioned ,  there is a strong smell to the rubber that has not gone away over time .
this game could have been great ,  if it had taken a lesson from diner dash .
i ve used gb ties for years and these are not them .
this product ,  along with most of senseo s coffee pods ,  has very little taste .
i ve tried num_num different cables and they work on different car chargers .
it only gets num_num stars because of the screen keyboard and office mobile apps included .
i have been using this lg phone for several months and find it difficult ,  at best to manage competently .
march num_extend num_num update : i quit on this thing .
since i ve switched to other things ,  i can t imagine switching back to this .
these were crispy even though the expiration date was good .
i get about num_num day of standby and num_num hour of talk time .
they were almost chalky and did not have a good flavor .
the reason i gave this item num_num stars is not because it doesn t work  for awhile  .
i have also had luck with the  pearls  . i m sorry , folks .
you will note ,  though ,  that i used the word  apparently  in my previous sentences .
my advice is unless you love these kind of games i would just rent it .
i was a little concerned at first when the first cup of coffee tasted a little bitter .
i think i tried everything but couldn t get it to stop spewing coffee from around the metal flap .
i feel like i can t really rate this since the one i got was broken .
i read the myriad s of reviews on this product on amazon before purchasing it .
i would not recommend this item nor would i ever purchase another .
besides it being somewhat uncomfortable to hold down the button i do not believe this product is very safe .
i would not recommend this product as a boot knife unless you plan to use two hands .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  and i shouldn t have .
i normally love nyx cosmetics and was very disappointed with this product .
i think this part must have been written by their corporate lawyer .
you ll pass little groups of npc s and have no reason to shoot them ,  just drive right past them .
if only they had put more  or any  catnip in this ,  it would have gotten num_num stars .
this belt was used several times a week .
i was disappointed in this product and would not recommend them .
i have normal skin with very minor  acne  this mosturizer made my face look so greasy .
however ,  betty crocker s gf chocolate cake was not very good .
i ordered this case april num_extend num_num and it was shipped april num_extend
she wasnt very pleased with it ,  because its too big .
this review is actually not about the foundation per se ,  but the color i received .
first time i used this the screw bent ,  though i filled it at an odd angle .
the incident makes me think that this fan presents an unacceptable safety hazard .
it started displaying intermittent switch behavior after num_num years of light use .
this game has got to have the worst graphics i have ever seen .
very strange since the other colors were not like this .
i will not purchase another kodak product again until they clean up their act and stop the scams .
so i wanted to try these headphones because of cheap price .
i can t wear this for more than num_num min before my ear canal is killing me .
in fact ,  i d say the fighting engine is exactly like that old super nintendo game killer instinct .
he does not think that this is the authentic product .
i did not want to mess with batteries in a bluetooth so i opted for a wired earpiece .
these are the worst brushes i have ever used .
i am african american and i have never bleached hair before and would have liked more info .
there is no excess to charge your phone with this on .
i have never used it because the material is so slippery that it comes off every five seconds .
this product did not stay on my head well .
shame on kay s !  i will never buy anything from this company again ,  and urge you to do the same .
this cable works on all my devices except for the google nexus num_extend
i ordered num_num of these so was a little more work than i had expected .
here was my experience with this product : it came promptly .
however when i ordered this through amazon ,  i got the newer version ,  not pictured above .
i have other of their products that i like . there are so many other spf moisturizers without irritating ingredients .
was great while it lasted ,  unfortunately it started leaking after num_num months .
this heater has probably been used less than num_num times in the few years we ve had it .
first ,  this product is very difficult and impractical to use .
it seems they are made from different ,  less flexible ,  material .
the material is now super low quality and is not worth the price i paid for them .
i didnt like this because it did not get hot enough and my hair was still frizzy .
and became instant garbage . silly me ,  i stupidly bought another just like it .
i do not believe they used a plastic that is up to the temperatures this thing reaches .
i used mine for several years ,  my num_extend wireless router .
i have given her cheaper stuffed toys that take her just as long if not longer to pull apart .
this toy billed to keep dogs entertained for hours lasted my dog num_num min . be very careful with this toy .
imagine my dismay to see that they are now made in china !  gave them away !  .
very disappointed ,  my son had a key chain sized etch a sketch that worked much better .
i didn t notice a glitter effect that another reviewer referenced .
i recently used it for the first time with a movie and it was terrible .
the new crisps looks like they kept them in the oven for an hour too long .
it s plain ,  very plain and i honestly feel like i m just wasting calories .
maybe this is an exception rather than the rule ,  but their customer service  is bad  too .
very disappointed !  !  !  ! original review :  i charged this when i first got it num_extend months ago .
i just find it frustrating that it only lasted for num_num months or so .
i contacted the manufacturer several times over num_num months and never received a response .
i bought this game and played it for num_num minutes and then switched back to gow .
the gameplay is not the nhl !  if you have played nba shwotime you know what i mean .
i don t think this will be one of our frequently used toys .
after three tries i struck out with this item .
however ,  it does have these weird little white flecks that come out with the water .
i really hate this grinder and i did a little research before buying it .
for my needs ,  this belkin pureav cable is no better than the stuff that s shipped with tvs ,  vcrs ,  etc .
no volume control ,  so when it beeps its very annoying . i tried to locate some buried copper wires without success .
i am extremely disappointed in this last purchase in that the elastic at the top is very tight .
these worked well the first couple of times i wore them ,  but unfortunately the waist stretched out .
i just with i could return this toy .
i bought this grill a few months ago ,  but did not use it much .
i received this item free through the amazon vine program for my child and did not find it appealing .
i purchased this bra based upon the reviews that it was a great strapless bra ,  and was very disappointed .
my dog didn t like these ,  and i don t think they were particularly good for her teeth .
there is nothing healthy about  newtons fruit crisps  .
i agree with other reviewers that this is a complete waste of time to assemble .
they also did not offer to replace the product with a similar item .
this is one of the worst ideas i ve ever seen .
it dryed pretty quickly on me even though it was always kept closed at room temperature .
it didn t work well ,  was inaccurate ,  and came with a confusing instruction book .
this will be my last braun coffee maker .
this product does not have a good coverage if a fondation is not used before applying .
i give this watch only num_num star for the following num_extend
i ve had it for over a year ,  and still haven t installed it .
i felt awful for her . other things i don t like about num_extend
i also don t like the signal that constantly goes up and down as if it s wireless . going back .
this really is too wide for most people .
i used this for about num_num months ,  twice a day .
to set up the audio ,  it takes more than num_num seconds to get to the next menu .
i could see where it was entertaining ,  but we should have used a lot more packets .
reaching into the bag with your hand one can only retrieve a small amount  pinched  between one s fingers .
days later it was still swollen and hard for her to bend .
all in all i would not recommend this protector .
i would not buy from this vendor again .
they insisted that nothing was wrong with their food .
i purchased this grinder on may num_num and by mid june ,  i m having problems with it .
about num_num minutes . i read the directions about how to put this product together safely and did as directed .
i was unimpressed with the quality of this item .
when i m home connect my bt speakers ,  in the car ,  connect my phone headset ,  at work ,  my keyboard .
i was really hoping that i would love this soup but unfortunately i just did not like it .
think this game really sucks .  .  . for the money buy ssx tricky ,  and thank me later .
i have written to the company expressing my concerns and requesting that they make their refills in the usa .
i just ordered another brand because after a week of non use my lumbar back is in extreme pain .
i would have liked to have and use this .
bottom line :  the antenna did not perform well at all .
the batteries that came with it wouldnt even fit in the charger .
i buy one of this jeans for my girlfriend ,  and both was dissapointed .
the smaller size would have been too small ,  but this one is too big .
in the past i have been happy ,  but this time the product was made super cheap .
there is just a tad too much pressure on my head .
the game only comes with num_num sheets of cover page which runs out very quickly .
i would just stay away from this for now ,  unless recording npr is worth $ to you .
they are hard as a rock and i wish i would have never bought them .
i received this and could not believe how poorly made it is .
the customer service of this product is a joke .
i would not do business with this seller again .
we tried several times to play it and finally just had to give up .
should of done more research on it before i purchased this .
this screen was also much more difficult to apply to my phone than other screen protectors i ve used .
i couldn t use my hybrid cover for my phone while i used this pouch .
the jabra wave did absolutely nothing to cancel background noise .
not recommended !  i couldn t get through more than num_num sips .
somehow it increases your voice to a higher pitch ,  can be very annoying .
i m really not that impressed with the plastic rods that come with glocks .
the first thing i noticed was that reception was only fair .
i have gone through num_num pairs or more of nb num_extend my favorite shoe ,  but this is the last .
i bought two ,  and eventually threw them out rather than send them back .
i feel like it does dry my hands ,  but only after i play with it for several minutes .
i purchased this product about num_num years ago .
the makers of this game know there are problems with it .
finally i have to stop using this garbage . besides ,  swtiching process is very slow .
however ,  this product simply did not meet my expectations for the following num_extend
these slippers are definitely not worth the price .
spend a little more money for something else .
finally ,  these bras seem to have little to no elastic in them .
this product was very loose on the phone .
you will also have a bowel movement num_num hours later . this stuff is a waste of money .
i was not quite pleased with the quality of this knife .
they may work well for other air rifles but not a hatsan striker edge .
i actually didn t even realize i was ordering it but thought it would be ok ,  since it is read .
this is probably one of the most poorly thought out electronic devices i ve ever owned .
it doesn t make it shinier or anything that other shampoos can t do .
will not stop me from purchasing from amazon this is the first time i ve had a problem .
i got this for my num_num g razr phone and it would not charge in my car .
by the way ,  i have tested both of the cables in question and both still work perfectly .   very disappointing .
i would not have purchase a num_extend inseam pant ,  especially in a knit fabric ,  for this reason .
i ordered this in one whole cup size too small .  .  .  . because they didn t have my size .
this charger worked fine for a while but now it has a bad connection somewhere inside .
the graphics are cheesy ,  and num_num studios tried to make them look too real .
case is okay alittle cheap looking and when i recieved it ,  it was broken .
at first the charge was holding well ,  but after a month the charge didn t hold .
this thing is the worst of both worlds .
the picture shows two batteries . i ordered this thinking there would be two batteries . there was in fact one .
i brought this snack based on all the positive reviews and was utterly dissatisfied .
but i ve mixed it with water and milk and it always tastes sour .
i bought this item in may num_num and after num_num months the automatic timer failed .
i will not throw them away ,  but i would never buy them again .
i ve been cooking long enough to know the thermometer is wrong by a lot .
this is my same issue the the wireless headsets but save that for another review .
i guess there are some people that like that but for me ,  it was not a good experience .
i thought a single collapsible handle might fare better as it would have one fewer track to fail .
this rope broke within num_num month of me using .
if i could ,  i would give this product zero stars .
i own other dockers shoes and this never happened to them .
but those to are getting made with poor quality also .
it leaves a residue that s difficult to get off and it doesn t lubricate very well .
i ve tried several brands and types of razors and i will not buy these again .
she could no longer see herself because the so called mirrors were so badly scratched .
this is a frequent complaint at the gym where i have used these .
i ve been taking these pills for over a month now and don t feel any different .
so this stupid thing has died twice in less than six months .
i owned this vacuum for less than a year before i threw it out in the trash .
it comes in a paste tube which cracks easy and allowed oil from the wax to leak out .
the bottom line is that this is just useless .
i would not recommend this game to anyone ,  its just so bad .
the cheap charger i bought at my local gas station lasted longer than this .
hellmann s mayonnaise dressing with olive oil ,  num_extend easyout bottlesi really was looking forward to trying this product .
i wish i would have had the chance to test this one out but it s going back to amazon .
evidently the surface of the moon is really dusty and crumbly because that s what moon dough is too .
dont waste your money or your time on these cheap imitations !  .
i ve ordered online for these snacks ,  but this was my first time with this supplier .
i have owned this for num_num months and it started having probs about num_num month in .
this is so not worth the money anymore !  .
this is very marginal quality that you would expect from the num_extend
despite my craving for a sandwich cookie ,  i would never buy these again .
it blows the chis out of the water and it doesn t cost all that much more .
but with the horrible gameplay ,  this game could not be num_extend
the diplomacy is better than rome total war but that isn t saying much .
anco s clips don t look much like the ford clip i was replacing .
i should have just bought some steel pans from the local restraunt supply store .
i didn t have that in mind when i bought them ,  i could do that with my earbuds .
i cannot believe dermatologists recommend this product  along with cerave  .
this is the first thing i ve ever ordered from amazon that i ve been truly disappointed with .
but nowhere near the pentax quality that i had expected .
i was really desprite to get this game because i wanted ahelicopter gunship game .
it s about a foot and a half long ,  and doesn t stay open like it looks in the picture .
the product might be good ,  i didn t have a chance to try it .
i want to alert potential buyers to a serious problem i had with this case s power supply .
given all the hype around this game ,  i had expected something phenomenal .
as with other reviews below ,  i couldn t believe the very cheap and lousy sound quality from these earbuds .
i would not buy these again or even advice themto anyone .
you can see that these types of cases are less than ideal .
after i use up this case ,  i will not purchase either the brown or white again .
never used anything else from cleansers to eye cream it was all olay regenerist or prox .
it s not woth the   .  .  .  bucks . overall quality is very poor as well .
it will just bounce right off of my side burns as if there s no blade at all .
lol i have a this product and it doesnt hold my hair up .
it made my hair look like it was just covered in dust .
first time i used this pan i boiled potatoes .
i had to return these ,  they were a lot smaller than i expected .
yet these measuring cups are crazed and cracked in less than num_num years .
the first hose ripped after about num_num weeks and the rumford after about num_num weeks .
after a frustrating num_extend years with this tiffen filter ,  i m replacing it with a b+w .
i m not sure what kind of glue they re using on these nowadays ,  but it s worthless .
i was really looking forward to receiving this product but was disappointed with its result .
after several weeks ,  i had t noticed an improvement caused by the belt .
i now would recommend that you do not buy this bird feeder unless you just want it for decoration .
my bunny is still on the younger side  one year  and this didn t work well for her .
the picture kind of looks like a pink color ,  but it isn t .
these tasted like something that had been left near snap peas for a little while .
i bought these for gear storage but when they came i gave them to my wife .
the only problem is ,  they begin to loosen over time .
i rather spend the extra money to get the real stuff from their website .
i agree with the other reviewers that it is junk with all the same problems they expressed .
my only complaint with uncovered litterboxes is that litter still gets scattered outside of the box .
great . my problem is simple :  after a couple of months ,  it stopped working reliably .
it would fit ok but my stove has a vent on the rear that prevents these from fitting correctly .
way to much money for a product that is just a plain leave in conditioner .
i have had one for about a year ,  and i ve never used it . also ,  they are bulky .
needless to say the drop damaged my phone ,  it still works but now that top corner is mangled .
it started not to work withing num_num weeks and it was just not worth the price or time .
we would not get these again unless there is a serious change to the product .
any other mmorpg has at least num_num times the content ddo does .
you really don t feel like part of the game .
the replacement back supplied with this product does not fit the cx models .
i can t urge enough to not purchase this nylabone product .
we would have done much better getting legos instead of this .
when i raised a stink with them they just looked at me with blank eyes ,  as they always do .
had all kinds of issues with this item .
it arrived just a few days ago and before i even opened the box i noticed a strange smell .
a total of seven emails and five phone calls over a two week period .
there are also other types of bird feeders hanging from this pole .
because of this coffee maker ,  my husband has stopped drinking coffee because it is such a pain to prepare .
i have num_extend rounds through my num_num with a fiber optic front sight .
i tried both wired and wireless modes for this with no improvement .
this item is very cheaply made and fell apart in multiple places within a few months .
for me they really fell short in the most important sound department .
i really wanted this to work ,  but just couldn t make myself chew that aweful stuff !  .
these chinese made cutting boards have an extremely strong poisonous chemical smell ,  like bleach and plastic .
in fact ,  i would never give this or recommend it to anyone at all .
but that doesn t mean i ve go to like it . edit :  put a couple drops into some oil .
these screen protectors are simply garbage and complete waste of money .
i ve been using it for about num_num months .
i don t like the fact that even when it s in the english version ,  it still sings partly in spanish .
normally ,  i would chalk it up to my mistake if something i ordered was not compatible .
not happy with whatever company should have sent this item .
it s cheap ,  and i don t have to worry about what glue they use .
i have noticed one problem that is annoying .
i really wanted to like it ,  but frankly this is just another horrible cube rpg .
i hate that i paid all of that money for this product and now i can t use it .
currently using just a num_num foot length of speaker wire .
i bought this to replace my oem for my canon num_extend but it did not fit right .
this is the first one i ve found that doesn t work ! avoid these .
i used this everyday for the entire month but didn t see a significant change in my skin .
i have returned this and ordered the speck case .
and there are no drywall anchors with this thing .
i ve bought two of these .  .  . the first one i had trouble using ,  so i gave it to goodwill .
after having done that ,  the unit seemed to work ,  for about num_num minutes .
note :  this all happened about a num_num months ago ,  so the issue may have been addressed .
there s nothing wrong with this product ,  it works as advertised ,  i just don t like it .
normally ,  i would try to find some good points about a product even if it has a bad scent .
but i ve actually had canned coffee from supermarkets that possessed more personality than this stuff .
this costs way too much for such little product .
but i am a practical yogi ,  and i will not buy this brand again .
i think the extension tubes slid down over time .
but after tasting a full dozen of these ,  i still regret its purchase .
they arrived august num_extend so i ve had them a little over a month and a half .
i don t like it ,  but i don t want to spend more money on something just as lame .
it appeard to have some sorta  gooey  stuff floating around inside .
aside from being pricey online ,  the cartons are poorly designed .
i have another sports bra that eliminates bounce pretty well ,  but this one didn t do so hardly at all .
amazon did refund me the money from the case .
my cats have had thier collars on for num_num weeks and are scratching just as much .
whenever the bananas get too ripe i make a banana milkshake .
there is nothing soft about the davinci tool .
the inner case is very hard to the point that it could damage your phone .
we have both hunted for over num_num years and archery hunted for over num_extend
my daughter initially loved this dollhouse ,  but after a few weeks she lost interest .
i do not recommend this scope to anyone due to the accuracy of it .
my dogs really dislike this .  .  . which makes it almost worthless because they won t let me apply this to their teeth .
don t buy it unless your life quality is worth no more than a few bucks .
i have been using this case for a day ,  and i m not very happy with it .
the only good thing i can say about this litter is that it is lightweight .
i have had problems with packaging on this item in the past and left feedback on that .
anything less than num_num and it was barely warm ,  anything more than num_num and it was burnt .
i really feel ripped off by this product and i am surprised at uncle milton .
i think they were a bit too expensive and probably would not buy them again .
this is my first negative review of a product like this . first .
i didn t like that it was a front and back case .
but they are just too fragile for me to be able to recommend them .
i didn t realize how huge this would be !  barely even fits in my microwave .
now it seems it needs more time  hours perhaps  before it can make a good seal .
i would not recommend this to anyone ,  unless you like crappy graphics and sophisticated controls .
this wouldn t be a problem if enemy fury actually dropped when they attacked like your players  do .
i ordered num_num of these for a vampire party .
my cats tend to be interested in something new for about num_num minutes .
i would not recommend anyone buy this piece .
this is really pretty much a waste of space and money imo .
i was really dissappointed with the waste of num_extend with this gun .
that wasn t an option with my old iphone without sending it off for an expensive battery swap .
we have had a problem with the  riding  feature .
maybe that is the way this brand was to be but i will not buy again .
i also experienced a break out of num_num pimples the second time around .
usually only one set of headphones works when using this .
i presumed this to be the case based on the reviews and the description .
i have owned this mandoline for num_num years .
i would have thought this game would have died out after the first .
would not recommend this to anyone .  .  . you get what you pay for .
i bought this because the brush was the closest to the old brush ,  but the mascara just sucks .
i would not buy this again ,  but ,  there may be some people that might benefit from it .
there s no way to collect cars ,  as there was in previous versions of this num_extend
i own the older version of this model ,  and mine leaks oil from the vertical shaft .
this thing is garbage and i am desperately trying to find a charger that works at num_extend or better .
you get what you pay for ,  and you don t get much ,  apparently ,  at the price this unit goes for .
oh ,  they start out great ,  but after a little while they crap out .
i only used it for a couple weeks and moved on .
the storyline of the series has never been the main focus and that is apparent in this game .
this isn t a product that i d recommend to anyone .
this is a pathetic product from toshiba and a shame that amazon . com ever carried it .
maybe our teeth weren t the right size .  .  . mine are small .
i have been lifting for years now and owned numerous pairs of gloves ,  naturally they wear out .
i would give this product a  minus num_num stars  if that option was available .
not happy with that ,  as i have had no problems with pimples until i started using this cream .
this may work for some ,  but it did nothing for my short ,  dry lashes .
i have been out approximately num_num times now ,  and have worn these gloves each time .
these pans too smallmy bread sticks in them . i tried everything to make the bread no stick ,  no luck !  .
also your looking about around num_num hours of gameplay .
sent it back and amazon replaced it with another one that also leaked .
this is the worst massage cushion i have ever had .
but then i ve never seen one that really was on a phone this size .
i wish i knew what was causing this ,  if it s an ingredient he s allergic to or something else .
this item will not charge or do anything for the motorola atrix hd num_extend
this seems like such a great idea ,  but these levels are not worth the bother .
i m tossing these and i m sorry i ve ever bought from oxo ,  with all the problems i ve had .
i do not have faith that these cheap ,  crummy tweezers would hold up long enough to remove a splinter .
i plugged in my older cheapo buds and the sound was num_num times better .
you are pretty much guessing how dark or light your toast will be . i don t recommend this model at all .
i used all num_num steps ,  and still think i get better results from tech wax .
the tips that came were black ,  not green .
about num_num years ago ,  koss sold a similar design .
for the price paid ,  i expected to get more than num_num or num_num months of use out of this .
the first thing i noticed was the strange color ,  sort of faded orange and unappealing looking .
my dog used another one from petsmart for num_num months which was priced double .
i got one pair from amazon that were too small ,  but the heel was still loose .
in this case ,  the price only covers a potentially nice pot that is ruined by stupid engineering .
this was quite upsetting to my num_num year old because the first thing to go was their eyes .
overall ,  i would not recommend this toy to a friend .
other than that this is a very cheap holster case .
every single one of these disks i have burned have turned in to coasters .
the shoulder points of the turtleneck were approx num_extend inches compared to the hanes at num_num inches .
sad to say but this regimen ,  didn t help with my acne .
did not happen !  this is one of the most disgusting and vile things i ve tasted in a long time .
this product that used to be good to me appears to now be crap .
i ordered this one because this one looked exactly like the battery my phone came with .
this coat fell off my dog about num_num times during his num_num minute walk .
after that every couple of days a ring would get a hole in it .
there is nothing fun to do with the design once completed .
tip is not as good as the one with sheer fabric covering which i thought this had .
plus ,  this game was made in num_num and has perhaps some of the worst graphics ever .
i ordered the num_extend in august num_num and i have never been satisfied with it .
since it was in a room with num_num or so computers ,  the noise didn t really bother me that much .
i so hoped this product would convince my shredder cat to use our new scratcher posts .
they have hardly any bounce in them at all .
this was my second pair of oakley s and i probably will not buy this brand again .
i never thought i would do that to any silent hill game !  .
they look so unappetizing that i did not want to eat them and therefore didn t .
even though this product is most likely no going to harm you ,  i would rather be safe than sorry .
i found this design to be bulky; the wireless receiver is large and the trackball did not feel comfortable .
the product i rec d from this company was watery .
this thing was a paperweight from the mint i opened it .
this sits under my sink and maybe i ll mix it with my indian clay or something .
after num_num hours of running without charging ,  it still at % cell phone is about % thicker than before .
my advice is to spend a couple of extra bucks and get a larger ,  better built unit .
i did not ovulate until num_extend  almost num_num weeks later  and wound up with a num_num day cycle .
it quit perking coffee about num_num months after i got it .
honestly ,  though ,  i have a maglite solitare .  .  . it s a tiny little flashlight that uses only one aaa size battery .
spend a little more money for a bed with better material .
even after adding a little milk and honey to it ,  it still didn t have a good flavor .
i gave this product a one star because the case is not the correct case for my phone .
i truly believe that the manufacturers have cheapened this product .
this is the first honey i have ever tried that i didn t like .
will buy other ka but not this again .
i will not buy this item again ,  and would discourage anyone from wasting their money on this .
first off ,  i could not see any benefit using this product in my toolbox .
they did not . the dentek  blades  don t have much of an edge to them .
i was disappointed to see that this product was made in china instead of brook s uk factory .
i bought this item and what ever could have been wrong with it ,  was wrong with it .
not even worth the minimal price that these chargers cost .
i ve been using my clarisonic for years and i have never had this happen before .
i purchased this headset because i wanted an over the head style because i have very small ears .
i ordered these shorts based on the very positive reviews ,  but for me they were a disappointment .
i was affraid everything from this machine was going to taste this way .
this gadget did not fix a single cd game that i have tried repairing it with .
we think this toy would be good for less aggressive chewers ,  maybe the material would last longer .
while it is easy to assemble ,  this is actually not a true repellent .
it seems the finish completely dulls or the top finish came off after running through the dishwasher .
did not charge my phone for num_num hours using wall charger .
panasonic said that this was not a machine malfunction .
i replaced my old brita pitcher  i broke it  with this bigger one .
you cannot actually hear what the other players are saying .
this isn t something that i will be purchasing in the near future .
i realized that it is possible that i had a defective battery and contacted trexcell customer service .
this ball is not for dogs that like to chew .
i m somewhat doubtful that the new pair will last very long either but i suppose i ll find out .
i always heard good things about the speck brand ,  but this just did not cut it .
but i have to wonder what it going on with this product .
overall i wasn t that impressed with this pitcher .
there are better cases in the same price range .
the timeless hla evaporated much more quickly than my previous hla .
this was a poor fit for my iphone num_extend
i bought this toaster in may of num_num it has never worked well .
this stuff became musty and stinky after the first few uses .
i have it for num_num months already and it still smell .
mission num_num passed !  perhaps this game would get better .
num_num months later ,  my airport card still does not work .
i bought the maximum of this product from their site and i was extremely disappointed by what i got .
i cant match my skin tone with their stuff .
i can t afford even at amazon prices to use this product .
this duet blender seemed just dandy until i started blending shakes daily ,  using ice .
looks like i will be changing where i get my dog food .
based on all the great reviews ,  i ordered this and was really hoping that it would work .
this battery does not match the photo and is much smaller than the pack it replaces .
not pleasing . it first appeared that the mounting plates could be reversed to resolve this .
sorry but these things taste horrible and look even worse .
since this is an electronic scale and not mechanical ,  doing so won t interfere with the performance .
i ll eat this one since it was partly my fault but won t use this seller again .
the adhesive had worn off in less than a week .
they do need to perform a final test on this series of mice .
i haven t found a holy grail concealer but this doesn t come close to bobbi brown s concealer and correctors .
like the original littermaid ,  this ,  too is riddled with problems .
this is one of those rare times when i genuinely regret shopping amazon instead of a local store .
if they persist in this ,  i will find another supplier .
this is the worst pair of wireless headphones i have ever purchased .
i used this twice a day ,  red and blue light ,  for num_num months .
i have a num_extend num_extend and this game runs slow and clumsy .
this is a great idea that is poorly executed .
it s far larger that expected ,  and when it s cold it does not provide good warm .
and last but not least ,  these were more expensive than any other brand .
bought this based on reviews i read here to hook up usb to num_num port kvm .
this specific item is really misleading and i really don t like what i received .
i ve only used this lite a handful of times ,  when i needed it .
i had hoped this would help with my car urinating outside the litter box .
that is supposed to last longer than average strings .
i have personal experience with num_num of this model and they are both defective in different ways .
i would ,  however ,  not recommend this product at the price on amazon .
i bought a measuring num_num menbut has been sending me a size num_num is too bigwhy this carelessness  !  !  .
i decided to give this a try  and it was cheap so i figured why not ?   .
i am returning this unit and plan to purchase another brand .
i recieved an adapter that was missing the plug part ,  like what comes with a laptop .
i m not happy with this purchase and i wouldn t recommend this bumper .
i do wish they would have given you the option to turn vehicle damage on or off .
no longer satisfied with product as it doesn t perform as expected .
one reviewer noticed that his didn t contain a foil seal and may have been a counterfeit product .
they didn t ,  they are expensive and don t taste that good .
replacing with crocs . also ,  the seller deleted the pictures i uploaded of the cheap construction and quality .
kong usually makes sturdy products but this is not one of them .
twix especially looking more sick than ever . there s just no way possible i could recommend this product .
this squeeze bottle generates too much wasted product that runs everywhere .
when i first opened the canister the smell of pepper was burst forth .
the small ball moves too easily ,  and it is hard to be accurate .
i would have done better filling up at the station at this price .
the instructions indicate that this should take around num_num minutes .
it s a bit of a bummer ,  actually ,  because that s really the only thing wrong with them at this point .
i ve been a huge spidey fan for well over num_num years but this game was a total letdown .
i wish i would have read reviews before i wasted my money .
the clip across the top does not do that much ,  and the picture is very deceiving .
these were supposed to be for average sized men s feet ,  but my husband couldn t get them on .
it took about num_num minutes literally to get the phone call accomplished .
this game looks like it should be a pc game on the internet instead of the num_extend
i have tried three of these units num_extend inch version  ,  and had nothing but trouble with them .
have never had these issues with the chunky chews brand .
i have other netgear products and i m a fan but not with this product .
because the new note num_num utilizes num_extend technology and this cradle does not ,  the charge rate is incredibly slow .
i m totally convinced that this bluetooth headset from vxi blueparrot roadwarrior wasn t a good choice .
this is not the filter i remember using num_num years ago .
it takes getting used to and that s even questionable .
i hate that i spent the money to use it a couple times .
also ,  i read some bad things about this tea when reading the reviews .
not worth the money ,  very fragile for a phone case .
i should not have ordered these after reading the other reviews ,  but i did .
the settings that exist have very little granularity .
our cats have several scratching posts around the house and the bases are all covered with carpet .
the only thing i liked about this conditioner was the price .
even though this is my regular size ,  they pinched my toes .
i could tell no difference while taking this supplement ,  save your money and your time .
i will probably have to send this back .
to me ,  regardless of how little or how much i add ,  it doesn t taste like mango or peach .
this second unit has a crooked band around the neck and it does not fit the ear well .
crap do not buy will not work with any of the phones i have paid under four dollars .
this product does not do justice to the snapware brand .
i m sure most folks would be like me .  .  .  . it s easier to just trash it .
i put num_num stars because the idea of the little robots was fun ,  but the reality was a flop .
i plugged it in and after about num_num hours of it being plugged in ,  i had a severe headache .
less than num_num minutes later the squeaker and the middle of the toy were practically gone .
it may have been my cable ,  but i didn t feel like dealing with the hassle of returning it .
these are such a ripoff even if they worked .
this product is something i would not recommend to anyone .
i purchased my kitchenaid professional num_num limited edition about num_num months ago .
would not recommend this product or purchase it again .
the batteries came after the expected date and they did not last long as far as holding a charge .
i have been shocked once on my arm where the connector touched me and num_num times in my ear .
the editor seems over complicated and more programmer friendly than gamer friendly .
they are just like any other plain old lotion .
this sat much higher than i thought and did not fit my suv .
i really didn t like it ,  because it looks way better in the internet then in real life .
did what it was supposed to ,  but stopped working after num_num months .
the ones that come with this are actually the worst performing . very little play value ,  it s going in dumpster .
i don t recommend this ones ,  because it doesn t give a good volume on your receiver .
i had to give up eating them because they kept choking me .
now ,  as other have mentioned ,  adding more legs doesn t increase speed more than a better num_extend foot .
these work for about a week and then cease to function the way they first did .
i had a bad experience with this coffee flavor for several reasons .
i definitely would not have bought this had i known it would become worthless in such a short time .
if it wouldn t cost more to ship and than it s worth ,  i would give it away .
does not fit on the phone with any kind of protective case on .
i did not feel that this made any positive impact on my hair at all .
this is not a glass mug ,  or a plastic chair that surely does not require an expiration date .
i found that this product was a waste of time and effort for anything but extremely close photography .
i have changed my iphone num_num screen num_num times before and i am an amateur .
this product was very difficult to apply correctly and attracted dust particles on the underside too quickly creating bubbles .
nothing like the description or the reviews . on top of that ,  it was not very comfortable to use .
it also doesn t fit in my desktop charging dock which i also like to use .
we tried these pads to see if they would be even better than moleskin ,  and they re not .
dont waste your money on this junk product .
as we have pets ,  this is not an option . we tried this trap on numerous occasions .
shame on the manufacturer and their quality control engineers for producing such a badly flawed product .
the shape and softness that the brush came with was not maintained after the first washing .
and to make it worst ,  it doesn t small like the real thing .
i don t care for this product much due to the white residue it left in my hair .
i love this product ,  however the supplier is the absolute worst i ve ever encountered .
but after having this and their double layer dvd player also die in one year ,  i m changing brands .
i would not buy this clipper again nor recommend it .
i chose this rating because i was very unhappy with the case when it arrived .
if they last ,  i will change my star rating back to num_extend
the only thing it sticks to for sure is itself and that s before you get it on the wound .
i didn t have the time to deal with that .
i have never experienced this before with a probiotic .
the waffle irons themselves our shallow making thin waffles .
i bought this thinking i was getting num_num jugs of at least num_extend of cat litter .
totally different with this batch :  upset stomach ,  jitters ,  or nothing at all .
i called trendnet technical support and spoke to them for about num_num minutes .
my advice :  try thera tears and see if you don t save some money .
the sound is ok but not any better than a pair of $ sony headphones .
recently i purchased a number of these rechargeable nimh batteries and have been sadly disappointed .
the dry vac function doesn t work very well ,  and ,  frankly ,  neither does the wet function .
i have been using this for a few weeks and have not noticed any difference in my lashes .
this game would have been alot better with multiplayer .
like i mentioned before i feel like i m losing my tan with this product .
i had been using it for years ,  however with little or no results .
there is also only num_num tiny packets of burn creme  the same tiny size as the antibiotic creme  .
they are more like chewy chips ahoy cookies or something along those lines .
i was very surprised to see this horrible mistake in sizes .
i bought two of these to replace my slower belkin hubs ,  but discovered that this product is not reliable .
i could see this brush being helpful when washing your dog though .
i do not know what all the hype is about this stuff .
even after removing several rows of bristles it still wanted to rip my hair out .
they are poorly made and barely does what they are suppose to do .
i was looking forward to receiving this earring to wear to a holiday party .
read about this product on lyle mcdonald s body recomposition forum and tried to use it for num_num weeks .
it is almost as bad as freerealms which is in no way free after the first week or so .
if they were all the same then aerolatte would not have the excellent reputation it does .
i was a little skeptical when i received the bottle of this lotion and the label was misplaced .
it made it impossible to determine if i would like these if they were made properly .
it was a nice long cable that i bought figuring it d be durable but it didn t last .
if i had to do it again ,  i d definitely stay away from this blender .
i read the other reviews that said they ripped when trying them on and i shrugged it off .
i contacted amazon and they acknowledged this and sent me another .
i should have stopped using it right there .
shortly after this review i stopped giving milo .  i didn t do due diligence when buying this product .
but my rail pulled off the rubber binding after num_num months of light use .
this might be the dumbest thing i ve ever bought .
this product was a complete waste of time and money for me .
this product does not and will not absorb in the milk you have to mix it with .
also it is not easy to record vhs onto a dvd disk on this unit .
when you try to rack a round into the chamber ,  they jam the slide every time .
so disappointing when companies compromise their products like this .
from that perspective it does deserve num_num stars because i hate this thing .
i do not recommend this leash to anyone .
otherwise ,  this shaver is definitely not worth its  expensive price tag .
i ordered num_num sets which they charged $ for shipping alone .
they are not available through amazon and you have to search the web for vendors .
i was dissatisfied and disappointed with this product .
do not buy black !  and paper too thin like others have said ,  flaps around .
they are really not what i have come to expect from melissa and doug products .
ok ,  so i ll use the adhesive that this comes with ,  and stick it up under the cabinet .
after this experience ,  i m not willing to take the risk with other cheaper models .
my feedback is not the same as that which convinced me to buy this product .
plus it s heavy .  .  . very heavy ,  which i should have guessed since it s all metal .
my old one was woven ,  not slats and held up for a very long time .
the magnet fastener seems like a good idea ,  but it s not too practical in use .
not only have these not worked ,  they taste awful .
we used this product on our dog and it didn t work for us .
i ve also tried annie s udon soup and it s gross as well .
they are the worst product i have ever used .
the difference between this bulb and the ones that came with the rv was literally night and day .
between november s shipment and december s ,  amazon tripled the price of this item with no warning .
but in about num_num minutes ,  he had the end of this flexible dental nylabone torn off into two chunks .
if that smells like this too ,  i m gonna have to go back to pine pellets .
i have been buying carhartt work wear for my husband for over num_num years .
this was my first venture into the pda world and i am sorely dissapointed .
but i can really feel the difference that % polyester makes and i would not buy them again .
not something i paid extra for to get stainless steel .
i will never recommend a weber product again ,  nor will anyone i know purchase another weber product .
these screen protectors are pretty much as disaster to try and put on .
once dried ,  it looks a lot more orange than anything .
the fact that you have to help nearly everyone in this game just as much as yourself is ridiculous .
have been using this for a week with my phone num_extend
the pink hard case doesn t fit with the white rubber type inter case well .
however when i purchased this item it was clearly a used product resealed in the packaging .
instead of helping i actually woke up with headaches every single day .
this microphone didn t seem any better than the built in laptop mic .
very disappointed as i was looking forward to this product .
this fell apart from the metal piece that is supposed to help attach it to the cage .
i regret that amazon won t let me give them num_num stars .
this product is carbonated and % fruit juice with no high fructose corn syrup .
keep looking . i gave these goggles one star because i couldn t give it zero stars .
i m disappointed with the quality of these socks .
i wanted something that was cheap ,  and that is what i got .
which i would also not recommend buying . never listen to the food network .
about num_num months ago ,  one of my sores was bigger than usual that wouldn t dry out after num_num days .
about num_num minutes later my throat and tongue started to swell .
turn on and forget . however it began leaking water after a little more than num_num months of use .
this product is a good idea ,  but the quality is not there ,  to put it bluntly .
even only had num_num school and hospital for the entire city and made tons of deals with my neighbours .
i have a severe squirrel problem around my house .
then ,  about num_num weeks later it just stopped working .
will make do with for now but would not buy again .
while the case appears to be well designed ,  the note num_num is impossible to get into the case .
does not give out enough current to charge my samsung galaxy num_extend
occasionaly you can grab them ,  then turn them around and snap their necks .
one of the very few disappointing purchases from amazon .
i would advise looking at the user comments on apples own web site before buying one of these .
i realize i m reviewing an old game here and i m writing this review with num_num standards .
the battery is now worthless ,  and doesn t hold a charge for more than about num_num minutes .
would not purchase again not worth the money .
they started falling apart after a week too .
but i would not recommend this device for the average person .
i just wish it would break or stop working so i could justify throwing it out .
i ve had several much better choices that were also much cheaper .
the bottom line is ea doesn t care about boxing games so they don t put in much realism to it .
while it may be a good moisturizer ,  i could have bought any other moisturizer .
the reason for num_num stars is that the package did not contain the shoulder strap .
this bra is at least num_num inches smaller around the bust than my other num_extend
secondly it does not charge my phone when connected to a computer or a usb car adapter .
only thing i can figure is that the bottom of the boot is not securely attached to the boot .
despite some negative reviews ,  i purchased this waffle iron to replace my old one .
i ve bought several ,  they break after only a few weeks no matter how careful you are with them .
the volume reduced after a couple of weeks and the right ear quit after num_num months .
i bought two of these and had the exact same problems with each of them .
it did ship quickly but would not purchase again .
this case looks pretty but it is plastic and cheap and does not fit properly on the phone .
it is not a substitute when one goes away for more than num_num days .
i gave it num_num stars instead of one ,  because it would probably work pretty well for something tiny .
at least one bristle comes off the brush into my mouth every time i brush with this toothbrush .
if you don t use them ,  the points can last a long time .
i had to reboot my note num_num by removing the battery all the time because of lock up .
i will not be buying this again for that reason .
there have been many games before num_num wonders that have used the card drafting mechanic .
however ,  i would rate this product poorly even if that didn t happen .
very very staticy ,  even with my volume turned all the way up it sounded like the radio .
i personally think they should have been left out !  they completely ruined the game for me .
realized they have soy in them and won t be purchasing them again .
shipped from amazon and they won t let me return product  returns expiration num_num weeks ago  .
while i would probably purchase the other flavors of switch ,  i definitely would not purchase this one .
terrible quality phone case ,  i dont recommend it to anyone .
but really ,  if the system is this unstable ,  it doesn t do anyone any good .
it seems more like a dollar store toy than the $ i paid .
if not for the poor design these would have been great headphones for the price .
ingestion seems to be a more toxic pathway than simply administered on the skin . this is a follow up .
it was very difficult to mount and remove from my galaxy num_extend and it cracked very easily when dropped .
have you ever had a popcorn ball ?  it tastes like a less sweet version .
i have always wanted to own something like to this to eliminate the excess cords ,  clutter etc .
perhaps mine was a lemon or something but i cannot see this being worth the $ price .
after several months of trying to make them work ,  i threw them both in the trash .
after num_num weeks use ,  i noticed issues of insomnia and constipation increase again .
this product is not made of sturdy material .
no lightes are on ,  it is just dead . i cannot reccomend a product that will die with no warning .
i bought it because of the several num_num star reviews but wow ,  what an expensive mistake .
and when it is used up i will never order this stuff again .
before you buy this ,  measure out num_num oz because it was way smaller than i thought it would be .
i have always had problems with my hair; it s wavy and extremely susceptible to damage .
mcdougall ,  i really wanted to like this soup .
i purchsed this based on the reviews and regret it .
too bad as there are so few things that are organic and gf and quality nutrition .
perhaps with smaller cats  with smaller waste  it would work better .
they may be wonderful as some people say but why are they listed under sugar free ?  that is misleading .
tried this on a whim because of the price ,  what a waste .
this was very odd since we keep tings tidy and don t lose the little pieces to almost any toy .
yes ,  i know starbucks coffee is strong ,  but this is a nasty strong vanilla taste .
i m afraid to say that my experience with this product was not good .
i was really looking forward to this board but i am left utterly disappointed !  .
they say it s better than ever but it s actually worse than ever .
however ,  after riding once for about num_num minutes ,  they became very uncomfortable .
this has not come very far from the little professor of the early num_extend
not sure what the issue is here ,  but i will not be ordering them again .
i don t feel that this product does what it promises to do .
the only redeeming fact about this game is that it is lord of the rings .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
this is without a doubt the worst quality shirt i ve ever seen .
this game could have been a great game had bethesda finished it .
i contacted amazon and they said they would send another case of the correct tomatoes .
games that came out num_num years prior were at least on par with it .
i can t use this stuff as a food product ,  my system just doesn t like it .
even after been fully charged ,  the battery life is minimal at best .
i have num_num kids ,  with num_num different sound machines .
the wife has purchased this camisole before in different colors but wanted to try the coral color .
i will not purchase this product again ,  even if it is reduced to a penny a case .
this is one of those games that i had to put down and come back to out of boredom .
very dissapointed . edit :  forgot to mention ,  i also experienced what other reviewers have written .
after about three strikes i discovered that this hatchet head is cast metal ,  not forged as anyone would expect .
a num_num year old can t go down the slide with his legs out because they hit the wall .
i only tried them with evo .  .  . they may work better with different phone .
he has been wearing them about num_num months now and we are looking for another pair of boots .
i regret getting this and regret not returning it the first time i tried it .
i really would strongly advise someone else not to purchase this product .
the little brush is so not helpful i really didnt like this product .
this sounds pretty decent ,  but really ,  no fun is coming out of this .
i purchased num_num of these blitz lavender and cream colored bins at petsmart years ago .
i am also bothered by the fact that this company chooses to manipulate the customer review system .
otherwise ,  i will just use the skillet for frying things other than eggs or pancakes ,  etc .
the average rating was num_extend stars and only % would recommend it to a friend .
this would be a five star review if only the program would run for more than num_num minutes .
i decided to try this  wonder mascara  after hearing great reviews but sad to say i was disappointed .
this center is just about num_num miles from my house .
the only thing good about this coffee maker is the mug .
this is one of the worst hair care products i ve ever used .
i was not even worth the little money spent on it .
after reading reviews on amazon and other places for garden hoses ,  i chose this hose .
they weren t too bad when they were new ,  but after a year they are horrible .
after using this for a while ,  it is still garbage .
i used one set that broke after about num_num days .
i was looking for something to help with scuff marks ,  etc ,  but this performs quite poorly .
this battery is only slightly better than her old battery .
they hate it so bad they keep looking at me to please give them their regular food .
but seriously this pan is awful to cook with .
i think this is a marketing ploy and would recommend you save your money .
if you re purely using the headphones or a bluetooth device this may be less of an issue for you .
i didn t like the gelcaps on this product .
bioshock num_num is half the price tag at $  with prime shipping  .
i have had many bluetooths and this is by far the worst one i ve ever owned .
but it doesn t seem to make that much difference with my usual folgers coffee .
i wasted about an hour of my life with this device .
the lack of voice acting seals the deal ,  especially considering there s a lot of dialogue .
i purchased num_num of these thinking i would add them behind my lcd and led wall mounted tv s .
the color of the  cheetah  beds they sent me most recently were actually dark brown with black spots .
i have worn thorlo running rolltop socks for at least num_num years with no problem .
this is a toy that seems like it would last forever .
the warranty is only num_num days and i will now need to get another device .
i am disappointed and will not be buying them again .
with that being said ,  do not spend your money here .
why ?  because the hinge is a very thin piece of plastic  for flexibility  ,  the same plastic as the case .
i guess i like a little more weight to my undershirts .
but it only lasts maybe num_num hours at the most ,  and then there s nothing else to do .
though it worked well on a few occasions ,  it stopped giving correct readings after just a matter of months .
they were dry and hard and that was even when warm .
i received this yesterday and it works with both devices ,  but it really lacks precision .
i can ram through giant light poles with nothing more than a tap .
i wish it was easier to play ,  like the version i remember from my own childhood .
the construction is also not that sturdy and i wouldnt recommend it to anyone .
i have been looking for a classic loafer for a long time ,  but i was disappointed .
i am very unhappy with this piece of junk though .
i ve been using this for about num_num weeks now .
the garphics look like they were made by a drunk num_num year old .
i have only worn one so far and that one has been a sour experience .
this product isn t really as good as described .
this was by far the worst body wash i have ever used .
i have way more than i could ever need anyway now ,  and am throwing them away .
i was sent two of these batteries as the first one didn t work at all for my iphone num_extend
the external wires on this thing are way too flimsy to last long ,  in my estimation .
if you really want some i would only buy some real wwii ones because these suck .
it falls down about every num_num minutes and i have already given up on using this holder .
it stopped working after about num_num months though .
i can t even sit num_num hours with this humming .
stay away from her ,  and stay away from this toaster .
after three days of normal use ,  the sound became distorted ,  and crackled .
i bought these thinking that they were regular hanes underwear .
i have tried every single adjustment to no avail :  if one channel looks ok ,  the others look bad .
i would say spend your money on something better  the hershey s or reese s crisp wafer bars come to mind  .
seems they make it just too hard to do .
my son was so excited to get this toy ,  purchased from amazon .
i have purchased num_num of these from amazon ,  neither worked .
however ,  i was quite disappointed with the flavor once i tried it .
the first time i used it the battery cover popped off .
it doesn t remove dirt from my face ,  doesn t keep my face clear ,  and doesn t help with dark spots .
this was all with windows num_num se .  but after a while ,  things started getting less reliable .
this is the worst ice cream scoop ever .
i decided to purchase this after relocating to the dry areas of california .
maybe other similar devices work better ,  but this one is not the answer to your problems .
how many games have rockstar made ?  i don t know ,  but it seems like it never ends .
i reported this to the county agency that handles things like this .
so not impressed with this eye makeup remover .
this thing is like peeing in the wind ,  keep using the iron sights .
don t buy this one ,  i don t want to pay this much money for num_num months of hair dryer .
there is not a lot to be said about this game that other reviews have not already said .
i must say you really really don t need this thing at all .
amazon replaced with another ,  which broke due to same issue ,  but this time was too late to return .
a thicker piece of fabric to grip the palm around would have been great .
i ordered num_num different cases and they were all only a few dollars each .
i will definitely not be purchasing this product again .
i ve washed ,  soaked ,  aired out ,  this bag several times and it won t stop smelling .
after about num_num uses we decided it wasn t worth the hassle and we switched back to cascade .
however ,  since my experience has been an increase in box odors ,  i absolutely cannot recommend this product .
i have tried this antenna many times camping .
i put them on and they felt like a cheap plastic and fake shades .
with this new unit ,  it doesn t really make good contact .
i am shocked that a company like zeiss would put their name on this product .
i bought these two of these cables looking to replace damaged samsung ones that i had laying around .
i have tried this turner in many different situations and i just don t like it .
there is little to engage a toddler with this toy .
this one is poor when compared to others .
i have tried to use this popcorn gadget on several microwave settings .
this means you cannot use it on any stove ,  even with a burner protector .
i recommend just getting a low end laptop than this piece of trash . two thumbs down !  .
both times ,  i got the same person which leads me to believe they don t have a big help staff .
bought for my girlfriend num_num months ago not bad for the price but does not stay clean .
i was very disappointed because it does last longer than the stock battery .
three months after purchasing this router ,  it just stopped working .
a cheaper mouse may well have been much better .
of course i was unable to give it to my num_num year old daughter to play with .
sucralose is an artificial sweetener that combines sugar and chlorine .
have gone through num_num of these  under impression first num_num were defective  .
the only good thing about this game really are the graphics ,  which are indeed eye candy .
i just broke my second pair of these in less than num_num months .
you would be much better off with a portable num_extend cd player .
so they only send leon ,  with no guns other than a pistol and with no backup like the army .
i first got these half size bigger than my usual size and those were too small .
i used num_num days after pure glycolic acid peel % face appearing allergy skin ,  redness to be stopped .
the first sound this product makes is an overly realistic cough that is painfully long .
it kind of worked for about num_num week ,  and now it no longer works .
great look so was sorry this show was so very uncomfortable .
i was pretty excited about getting to try this product ,  but it turned out to be nothing special .
i ve been taking these pills for about num_num weeks and i don t notice any difference .
they are not made well and can be frustrating for kids as its hard to get them to stamp .
i do not recommend buying from this company .
after using this for less than num_num weeks ,  it disconnects calls .
i have never had these problems with even the cheapest mascara .
and actually puts more scratches on your phone than you do without case .
i have had this product now for over num_num months .
you don t have a choice though ,  that is ,  if you care about the achievements .
although other reviewers stated this i knew my husband could rig it ,  which he did have to do .
i will think twice before buying a soffe product again .
still need to change after num_num hour ,  due to pain .
however ,  this is only praise that i can bestow upon this product .
very disappointed with the quality  or lack of  with this pan .
i truly dislike this product ,  but you get what you get with a dollar .
i used this product for little over six months with less than stellar results .
i will not longer accept that risk . hope this review helps someone s decision .
not so ,  my dog had it completely shredded in about num_num minutes .
would not recommend . i am mid num_extend with oily skin .
i will not ever put this product on my skin again .
i this had been a little jar of olives ,  then i would have just thrown them away .
if you are prone to athletes foot i would not recommend these socks at all .
you d be better off plugging a pair of cheap dollar headphones into the back of your computer .
these went back since they didn t do what they were designed to do .
i would not recommend this for anybody who likes fast access and efficiency in their backpacks .
i have had them for a few months and they are not crew socks ,  they are way lower .
i wish i d bought this at walmart instead . extremely disappointed .
i was excited to try this product because of all the positive reviews .
i would of given it num_num stars because it died num_num months after i purchase it right out of warranty  .
will not buy again ,  and i would not recommend it to anyone .
and got the same results . i never was able to get this guy to fly after several attempts .
they have added warnings to the more recently released versions that say do not put near your hair .
i wish there was a product on the market that would work alittle longer .
this thing pops the kernels but the popcorn it makes ,  tastes terrible !  it makes mushy ,  chewy ,  microwave tasting popcorn .
thought when a label said durable it meant it would last more then num_num hours .
i also don t like that it doesn t have a swinging door .
it is not easy to attach and not very good at slicing . get a real food processor instead .
don t buy this battery did not last num_num hour .
this looks like a samsung orginal but it didn t work .
i was really hoping that this would get rid of it ,  but it didn t do anything at all .
the one star is probably not fair because i have picky dogs .
i ve had this replacement for about num_num months and now it has quit as well .
if you have trouble with earphones with the hard sides like i do then this will not fit right .
this stone did not hold heat well ,  and did not help to crisp as well as i d hoped .
i will not be not be purchasing another cuisinart .
i bought this leggings ,  but i think it is more a pantyhose  cheap one  than leggings .
a frustratingly bad product from a usually great company .
i didn t notice any difference with this product .
the only good thing about this food is that beef is the first ingredient .
i hoped that the gray edge on this case would perform better ,  but sadly ,  it didn t .
weirdest thing i have ever seen !  !  it has actually happened a couple of times .
i would not buy this product again ,  there are better for the price .
besides that ,  i found that it was very slow ,  compared with other routers .
by feeding this to your cat on a regular basis it will cough up a lung instead .
bought from verizon store about num_num years ago .
don t waste your money on this piece of garbage ,  not even for a rental .
when talking on my galaxy num_extend the person on the other end could hear me fine .
the camera view is horrible ,  so that you can only see about num_num feet in front of your characters .
they offer no protection and they went right to the trash .
meanwhile ,  i started to notice that a small amount of redness had begun to appear through my foundation .
i looked for a replacement but only found very fragile ,  poorly made t shaped ones at the local stores .
i would have to keep hitting the fan until it would stop .
overall ,  this case is wasted for me ,  just doesn t cut it ,  even though i so badly wanted it to .
there is just something artificial and chemical tasting about this drink .
the colors are bright and vibrant ,  but the polish itself is horrible .
this game isn t worth what you have to pay for it .
and you must have windows xp or else you might as well rebox it and take it back . or .
i ordered this cable set along with a new hard drive for a new windows num_num installation .
the replacement unit i got leaked worse than the first .
i did not like the consistency of this product .
i will never buy it again and would not recommend it .
it filled to a little less than about one inch below the brim .
this item arrived already broken .  .  . and not by shipping .
other than its portability ,  i find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price .
with this kind of toy mold it s no wonder that he only lasts num_num minutes into the movie .
but now num_num weeks after i dyed it ,  my greys are really showing again .
very poor customer focus ,  not up to the normal amazon excellent customer focus .
also ,  product is much smaller than it appears .
i would ,  and do stay away from this now .
other reviews have mentioned a poor antenna design and i am inclined to believe this is true .
i bought this based on all the glowing recommendations but i just could not digest it .
looks like this game was put on the market long before it was actually completed .
also if grains of sand are going to bother you stay away form this product .
worked ok for awhile ,  but had problems early on and really didn t last long for the price .
my ears burned  even when on the loosest setting  after about num_num num_extend
it felt more like a port from the gamecube than it did an original game .
usually we order this brand but we now have num_num diapers that are unusable .
i had high hopes after reading the reviews .
the basket and handle are oddly shaped ,  and therefore seem to me to be not well constructed .
not sure what happened but i bought this battery just a month ago .
ive ordered this bsr twice and both times they have arrived broken .
there was so much water that the meat tasted slimy .
other than that i think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner .
this is the first item i received from amazon that is a bad purchase .
maybe i missed the point of this game ,  but i wasted my money on this purchase .
i am very not happy about this ,  although it is probably the fault of the mailman .
i have sensitive skin and it didn t make my skin look any better .
do not buy this product if you are planning to use it in countries with num_extend output .
but i wouldn t dare to purchase any more product from this company .
i also completely disagree with other reviewers about the screw on connection to the tire valve .
installed properly following directions to the t but doesn t register any information on screen .
now it doesn t work with the original battery .
this product does not minimize the look of wrinkles .
i tried this bc i was looking for something like that but even more effective ,  but this doesn t work .
this product seems to have the right ingredients ,  but did absolutely nothing for me .
sadly this watch looks cheap and is cheap in person .
wish i could send them back ,  and netgear just won t have anything to do with them .
i really wanted to believe in this product .
at first ,  it was difficult to discern exactly what i was tasting .
this camera will not work with dlink s latest mycloud access software .
my husband and i both tasted one sip , and both said  gross !   at the same time .
this coffee maker doesn t pour well at all .
while using this ,  the balls would split apart and break even if we were being gentle .
within num_num minutes of having this toy ,  the dog didn t want to give up the eggs .
well ,  i was worried when i read the review saying they didn t fit over large hands .
i need to grow my breasts bigger or have augmentation inorder to fill the cups of this bra .
it would have been nice to have the wire brace height in the specs .
they are very cheaply made and crack and break easily .
i am very disappointed with this product and do not plan on purchasing them again .
we bought several of these items and the idea seemed great ,  but the actual product just did not deliver .
one of two things has happened to otterbox with their samsung galaxy num_extend case ,  they either a .
not the regular customer sevice i have come to expect .
as it clearly stands out ,  this is the worst product i ever used .
makes me wonder if those reviews  usually num_num starts  are actually of this product .
overall ,  i don t like this product very much and will be giving it away .
maybe an older cat would like this product better ,  as mine are still kittens .
i noticed no difference at all from when i was using it v .
my experience with this product makes me nervous about buying any motorola products in the future .
they do not snap closed ,  therefore ,  they do not work well to hold the cd in .
not even worth the dollar you pay for these screen protectors .
keep reading ! i have a num_extend ati num_extend num_num gb corsair ram .  .  .  . etc .
my biggest complaint is the that the blade does not lock into the closed position .
i have been using this product for months and i see no difference .
bought for my boyfriend within num_num days it was broken  ,  it seem like it was broken from before .
this game could have been excellent if not for a long list of flaws .
i have to reinstall the driver and reboot several times before it works again .
i am not pleased with it whatsoever . i have been using olays  complete all day moisture  lotion for years .
if you have a dog that is more interested in chewing than chasing this product will not be suitable .
but i doubt they would have given me a refund because of how badly mangled the packaging was .
it looks absolutely different from what i see on the picture . i am very disappointed .
i still have about num_num more jars to experiment with .
i ve been disappointed with the few john frieda styling products i ve tried ,  and i don t recommend this product .
:  i have used the nordic ware snowflake pan  it also arrived with damaged teflon on the handle  .
i have had a horrible experience with this game .
they do not work for more than anything else than a spark rod .
like sticky or something ? does not give that  tousled  look . didn t really add any wave ,  or curl .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and it is way too advanced for her .
i wouldn t have bought if i knew more about it . there is a disk inside it  with holes  .
i threw not only this one away but other teething toys as well from this brand .
i would not even take this game if it was given to me for free .
this product does not allow me to do that .
even though this product was free ,  i cannot recommend it .
just a plain ol  black rifle case that may or may not arrive cracked .
i was reading on multiple site that this is a common occurance .
and to go a bit off topic and be honest i m not thrilled with amazon s return policy .
so if you are not good with your hands you will drop this remote quite a bit .
my main gripe about this mouse is the product manual doesnot say it is suited for right handed people .
first of all ,  this unit it too big and heavy .
i d read about this game over the years ,  but never played it because i was busy playing other games .
i ve had this toaster oven for maybe num_num years .
i ordered this product for my husband who is very average in size .
this holder lasted about a week and then disintegrated .
my color was fading fast as well and i was doing my color every num_num weeks .
this charger is ok only if you use the extendor thing that came with it .
i ve heard good things about ancient organics but never tried it .
after the first one i couldn t make myself eat another so that was it for me .
when i first bought it all i get was misleading route . i got lost more than num_num times .
the price is certainly cheap  thus num_num stars instead of one  and it ll do in lieu of anything else .
i will probably look for something else that is more sturdy .
i bought this to put a scope on my num_num mosin nagant .
was hoping this product would do the job but it didn t .
they were rather bulky ,  and fit loose considering that they were my ring size .
as far as being easy on my stomach ,  it was no different than other coffee .
i have never seen a puzzle with such strange connecting matches .
i wish they would replace this product for something a bit better or at least fix the problem .
i was under the impression that i would be able to pull them over my elbow but i cannot .
but about num_num months ago i noticed it wasnt cleaning .
either way ,  i wouldn t recommend this for those who have sensitive .
they were just too small for me and my eyes .
it works fine but it smells like burnt plastic .
i will be more careful buying stuff now . this is the worst game i have ever used .
these headphones don t do what they are supposed to ,  cancel external noise .
it was cracking in appearance and my money became wasted . overall ,  i can not recommend this product .
i really wanted to like this coffee ,  but to no avail .
so instead you have to manually scan it yourself with a very cumbersome control . i ran several tests .
this is simply my opinion ,  based on num_extend hours of game play . this game is horrible .
not sure what else there is to say about it .
overall this game is a pathetic followup to a great original .
i really feel they dropped the ball with this one .
well ,  we ve had this toy for about num_num months .
the cables seem to be a copy of your cable ,  but obviously are not very the same .
that s about the only good thing i got from it .
i tried this grinder on a recent visit with family members .
not gonna happen ! i really ,  really wanted to like this soap .
well i have been using for a couple weeks and i got less than what i paid for .
i would rate this as junk to any prospective buyer to beware of it .
contacted muchbuy they sent me a replacement that was a different connector so i didn t put it on .
doesn t this seem like these faults should have been addressed ?  .
instead ,  in this game ,  there are about nine moves ,  most of them useless because they do so little damage .
the price is good on these ,  but basically i think they re ineffective .
and most of us can not resolve this without removing this piece of equipment from the equation .
however this model is so inaccurate that it is utterly useless .
it was also hard to get the analog time in sync with the digital time .
i want to describe my experience with this tv even though amazon does not currently offer it .
after having used this for awhile ,  i m noticing body odors now .
if it does and i have to replace it every num_num months ,  i m going to be upset .
somehow i missed the detail that this was a  tingle  product .
supposedly this unit  which i otherwise like  is compatible with the iphone num_extend
i have no idea how motorola can claim this as ever being a  flagship  of their stereo bluetooth headphones .
they have been sunsetted by the govt due to health problems with the fumes they release .
gave us a little more range but not worth having to deal with the extra height .
i have been wearing gold toe a long time ,  but these socks were not made well .
i m not at all pleased with this product .
so i went on amazon and bought this one since it was el cheapo .
i was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews .
i was surprised that the product couldn t handle this .
shiny games dropped the ball with enter the matrix back in num_extend
this machine is a disaster and trash .  ,  do not buy it if you value your money !  .
a regular class washer device is much better than the large cleaner which is a total waste .
over the last couple of years i have tried numerous screen protectors on several phones .
this product sad to say does not really work .
the only good things about this product . first issue :  spray nozzle broke on the second day of my vacation .
i can tell you this is one of the worst if not the worst i have ever smelled .
if you have a medium to high pile carpet ,  this will wreak havoc on the toy .
my fighter moves no faster with a num_num in everything except wheapons  or a num_extend
i finished the game and had to write a review on this game because it was so bad .
i should have done my homework !  this burr grinder is messy ,  loud ,  and slow .
it takes a long time to figure out what is going on in the mirror .
i don t know how this protector could possibly be rated highly .
i ended up sending this product back because it felt cheap .
if your looking for sound quality don t buy this product .
but like everything else in this world ,  i guess ,  they just don t make them like they used to .
it s a lot smaller than i anticipated and the quality is mediocre at best .
this foam tip seems quite flimsy and i have no confidence it will remain attached for very long .
i bought this for my num_extend labrador retriever who is a petty strong chewer .
these look the same but they aren t solid like the old ones .
i don t like this because that leaves two sources to go through to get the movie .
i believe mine was defective or they are not as well made as they used to be .
what can i say beyond ,  i don t like this sling and i wouldn t recommend that anyone purchase it .
all of this just a couple months after it s num_num day warranty .
the price was cheap ,  but it was a poor quality nose hair trimmer .
i don t know what all the shouting is about .  .  .  .  .  . this is pretty mediocre coffee ,  in my view .
when i used this on my face it caused a very odd breakout pattern .
i am aghast that this salmon is actually rated num_num stars on amazon .
this game got boring within num_num minutes of playing it .
it only works for dry tanks and i wish i would have known that before i ordered it .
i ve fgound the cure for drinking too much coffee inthe morning .
i bought this toy because the other reviewers stated it  lasted a while  for their  heavy chewer  dogs .
absolutely the worst screen protector i have ever used .
now its locked outside a shop luckily a block away from my house .
i m sorry to report that this device does not work very well .
i love french roast coffee but this is very weak .
seems like the weather stripping inside around the lens is way too big and doesnt seal right .
oh ,  and the safety cover that goes over the clipper s blade wasn t even on it when it arrived .
i checked other reviews and found that others have also experienced broken hardware .
i trusted those who said not to worry about it ,  that it was long enough ,  but mine wasn t .
i have cut my tongue several times using this .
its like android with less apps ,  i don t see a reason to use this phone over current offerings .
i used it for over num_num weeks never missing a day .
either would be far far better than the torture and bad results from the new natural instincts .
this product is not what i thought it would be .
i tried it this morning in my coffee .
while they are good at this ,  the sound they produce is terrible .
the only good thing about this sipper cup is the plastic cover .
i wish i could give it more of a review but it just didn t work .
i am pretty disappointed because i was so excited to receive this product from the vine program .
it is easy enough to put together ,  but setting the clock is a nightmare .
so basically :  you can only charge the juice pack when plugged into power  not the iphone  .
takes more than num_num secs to write anything on the cf card .
trigger was very hard and the cookie came out ,  but would not release onto the cookie sheet .
i reviewed this product under the num_extend ounce refill .
these eyebrow pencils are alright if you re not very heavy handed when it comes to applying makeup .
shipment was slow .  .  . not happy with amazon customer on this one .
i should have spent a few extra dollars to get a higher quality product .
however ,  there seems to be something which has been missed in other reviews .
the only good thing about this game is it s graphics .
i plugged this into my galaxy note ii and the fit wasn t snug enough .
after only num_num months ,  the wire that connects the microphone came off so no one can hear me .
i attempted to use the grinder for over two hours ,  trying to grind up some chicken breast .
in summary ,  they aren t much better than regular open headphones .
overall ,  i would think it would be worth trying it if it weren t for the price .
i wish i could give it num_num stars .
his worn this same shoe for num_num years .
the socks were comfortable ,  but with daily wear all were in the trash after num_num months .
if you can afford to pay $ then go get yourself a real jerky gun . pros :  cheap ,  cleans easily .
i just sealed it with some gasket maker and it works now but looks terrible .
if you love coconut water ,  don t waste your money on this one .
the antenna that came with it wasn t very good so i dug out the terk tower .
i ve been shaving my legs for over num_num years and my shave barely lasts num_num hours .
this does not do any better than a regular plastic bristle brush .
i received a bottle of this that was over a year past its expiration date .
these say num_extend months  ,  but i have a long boy who s num_num months who still can t wear these .
this is a gloppy mess that could never be sprayed on .
my num_extend  with only num_num watts rms  ,  sounds a num_num times better than this one .
i thought that i couldnt loose at this price .
i found this one very bland with only a slight ginger after taste .
this is a set of num_num stainless steel canisters with glass lids and silicone seals .
i am glad that i tested this with water and not in my new oven .
overall ,  i don t like this hot wheels set and wouldn t recommend it .
i went through three filter cartridges in a week after adding this .
but not nearly enough to keep it puffed up for more than an hour .
all i can say is ,  these measuring cups are not at all what i was expecting .
sooooo much thinner than they used to be .
simply put ,  this thing is junk !  it doesn t work .
this was used by an adult and was never played with ,  thrown around ,  misused ,  etc .
i saw all the awesome reviews i was really excited to go out and try this product .
really does not function well ,  sorry i ordered it .
i definately would not recommend this to anyonel broke after first use .
over all if i could send this product back i would .
i have no problem wearing all icebreakers all year long . the bad . they don t last .
for those who is thinking about buying it ,  my advice is to buy another router instead .
the num_extend unit lasted less than num_num months .
i paid $ for socks that after once a week wear over num_num months developed holes in both heels .
this is unfortunately common of all shea moisture products and something i truly dislike about the line .
it did protect the phone but not impressed at all with it cracking into pieces .
this product is not well built or long lasting .
it seems decent enough however until you realize there is very little order to how the game is run .
other reviewers have covered these these points ,  so i ll try to be num_extend
horrible !  i could hardly hear myself over what sounded like bubbles in a fish tank .
yeah ,  the mask is cheap ,  but even with antifog ,  it fogs up in any weather in about num_num minutes .
after about num_num months ,  it stopped grinding altogether !  just round and round it goes .
i will not continue to use this lotion .
i have had much better toe warmers with other brands .
i thought i would try this out and i didn t even get to use the product on my skin .
so far ,  i haven t found one that is num_extend and not made in china .
it broke in half the first time the board was used .
this has also caused me to break out ,  something i have never experienced with another masque .
i expected this to last longer than a year ,  despite its age .
they did very little to hold any heat against my core .
i ve hit a plateau and thought i d try this after reading the reviews .
it will not last long ,  i would recommend buying a larger size !  .
this came with bluetooth only and charge cord; no instruction or any other accessories with this .
i see that others have had positive experiences with this product but i have not .
this is replacing a pampered chef pizza stone which was broken .
it gives more irritation than the mach num_num turbo ,  and doesn t shave as close .
receive very fast ,  they where where very cheap ,  however i have not use them yet .
so ,  you have to remove the case and connect your cable directly to the phone to sync .
i never made it through night with this on; i tried num_num or num_num times .
so broke that even macgyver couldn t have used it . so ,  yes ,  it makes waffles .
i don t understand how anyone in the right mind would give it anything more than num_num star .
not true .  .  .  .  . everything is plastic except for the num_num rubber cylinders and num_num metal screw that hold this in place .
shocked that no one else wrote this in their review when i ordered it !  .
i used it less than a dozen times when it simply stopped working .
i did read a another review that said her cats wouldn t touch it either .
don`t waste your time or money on this ill fitting phone case that had a gap at the corner .
this was the messiest henna i have ever tried .
i was very sad because i love this coffee .
if you do ,  it will take a long long time .
i would not recommend this case to anyone ,  and suggest sturdier alternatives instead .
the plastic is very difficult to remove from it s backing ,  and then it doesn t adhere to the phone .
it took just about num_num months for the scars to go away .
i will never buy again and do not recommend them .
this litter was without question ,  is the worst litter i have ever purchased .
i would not want to wash these until i sand and oil them .
i would rather flush my money down the toilet then buy from this company again .
i seriously would not buy this product ,  its a waste of money and not worth the pain .
after trying it out ,  i wasn t satisfied with the results .
i bought this pot and after reading reviews i realized it was not the pot they made years ago .
i am very disappointed in this product and i will think twice about buying another pair of minnetonka s .
they are so thin that the dog dribbled through them in about num_num minutes .
sounds great except this one lasted a whopping num_num weeks untill smoke started coming out of the subwoofers port .
metroid didn t need this and neither did star fox adventures .
worked great for three weeks then cat just stopped responding .
these are ok ,  they were a bit small for my screen .
i then left for bombay ,  india where in about num_num days it broke down again .
i tried it on two separate cell phones and it did the same thing on both phones .
it s hard to rate this item because i still have not got it yet .
this is one of the only items that i have ever returned .
i just hope my friends have had better luck than me with this unit .
that maybe ok if you can let it charge all night  at least num_num hours  .
product shipped at the last minute ,  arrived at the last date in the window .
it was hassle all around ,  dealing with this product .
every time i use a toner after cleansing ,  my cottonball is loaded with makeup that this cleanser doesn t remove .
this one definitely does more harm than good ,  considering a quite unpleasant smell .
the sims num_num used to have santa visit and the sims num_num can t even manage that .
i have already replaced it with another product .
i took a chance with this ,  very cheap ,  and sure enough ,  it doesn t work .
after several weeks ,  i saw virtually no results .
at first ,  i thought it worked well ,  but when it dried ,  there were streaks .
i bought num_num of this spf ,  and am returning num_num of them .
use vulcanizing glue to stick rubber patches . the repair kit that came with the mattress is a joke .
these were some of the more difficult screen protectors to put on .
overall the nutrition is exactly what i m looking for num_num grams of protein with low calorie count num_extend calories  .
they really should have fixed these issues before coming out with this product .
like ,  you know what i mean ?  ? do not use this num_extend out of num_num people found this review helpful .
no matter what setting it is set at it grinds the same amount of coffee every time .
this set contains like num_num hotdogs  with only num_num buns  ,  but only num_num bananas ,  num_num orange ,  and num_num lemon .
after reading rave reviews about superb graphics and original game play ,  i was very disappointed .
this is the nastiest tasting product i have ever bought .
bought two pairs and both went dead within num_num hours .
i would not recommend if someone wants a quiet fan .
i was really looking forward to receiving this item as i had heard many good things about it .
i purchased this product from walgrens and tried becase i was deperate to lose weight .
first ,  it will only charge an iphone num_extend to % if you re battery is at % or less .
not so sure i would purchase from this seller again .
make me wonder how anyone ,  with clear conscience ,  would market this .
i don t hate or like this product ,  but it hasn t benefit meand i wouldn t purchase it in the future .
the lock jammed within num_num days of using it ,  after it rained .
i haven t used it much at all in the last month and a half that i ve owned it .
i have several different sets of levers ,  and these are the hardest to use .
this machine does not pick up the dog hair ,  or grass pieces that come in on his feet .
first of all ,  where is the handle to hold onto ?  oh ,  on the outside .
however ,  you may need to stay away from it if you are allergic to soy also .
this is the worst purchase that i have made thru amazon .
i ve been eating sardines for over num_num years and never had any as awful as these .
now it only opens half the can no matter how many times you go over it .
just pulled my rocket blower off the shelf after about a year to blow off some computer gear .
as soon as i realized this ,  i took the case off ,  and my phone has been back to normal .
i would not buy this again ,  that s for sure .
purchased the fluval num_extend for my num_num gallon aquarium .
i have worn my hair short for most of my num_extend years because i can t stand combing it out .
much too small ,  i thought they might be a little larger than they are .
they did absolutely nothing ! their software developers must be very lazy .
the designers at fisher price must not be bright these days .
the loop is too big to keep them in place as well .
you will lose your reception with this case .
this was disappointing because i was looking forward to using it after reading the good reviews .
brown water ,  really ?  this thing just will not work for me .
i suspect that this product is a knockoff .
this primer is really not worth the money .
the only thing i would recommend about this product is for nunaturals to change back to their old formula .
however ,  the main problem i have with it is that the connecting ends are extremely easily seperated .
very slipperyi sent this back !  !  ! i did not try the screen protector so i can not commet on that .
the anchors that come with the package will not hold .
as others have said ,  the talk volume is far too low ,  while the dialing tones are painfully loud .
they don t look anything like what they are supposed to be .
do not believe the description amazon gives of this game .
i was disappointed with that which is a big factor ,  especially as a christmas gift .
canon has not updated the driver so that this camera can be used with windows num_extend
i have a feeling my dachshund will destroy it in a matter of minutes .
hopefully the dreadful taste will help keep most people away .
this heating pad really doesn t get all that hot to get deep into the muscle like it should .
also since the cracks were along the whole length of the device i think this was a factory defect .
they have more monsters ,  yes ,  but the controls feel a lot clunkier for some reason .
i have made lots of spaghetti over the years and this one was the worst .
i returned to the verizon store where i bought it and exchanged it for another identical unit .
compared to my much cheaper motorola stereo bluetooth headphones num_extend these simply do not work .
i tested this unit against num_num other headsets and it had the worst sound quality ,  by far .
in this instance ,  the product does not work as described in a very important way .
i made a doc s appointment for blood work and we found out i was never pregnant .
despite the bad reviews ,  i had hoped deep down inside this would be a winner .
i ve read many of the reviews ,  and other people s dogs became sick due to this product also .
this product was our least favorite of any we ve tried .
don t know if the phone they sent me was bad or if this phone is just not good .
it is now num_extend there should be new drivers downloads for this product that has so many problems .
i used this item to help with my back pain and instead it burned my back .
i ve never seen a screen protector that does this .
after receiving this item ,  i fully charged it which took about num_num hours .
i also tried giving the canned food but he didn t like that at all .
i would have much preferred a more substantial hinge ,  with a metal pin .
i ve trimmed them to make sure they fit . they will not stay on .
ok ,  so i never even got to try this product  at least not in the way it was intended !   .
fisher price needs to recall this toy and fix the problems before it will be worth purchasing .
until then ,  you re out of luck with your free space . never trusting apple again .
i have little patience when it comes to games like this .
this item went in the garbage now and i ordered a different one also from amazon . com .
this maker tower has lots of markers ,  but the case doesn t quite do what it should .
we have been using this for about num_num months as a dairy free  mac and cheese  substitute .
the worst thing about this cleanser was that it made my skin incredibly dry .
she was so excited to see me unwrap this  it looks like bread !  !   .
also ,  you can usually find a num_num pack somewhere on here for the same price .
so my scalp was irritated right after using this .
this doesn t seem particularly more rugged than any current point and shoot .
the charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my samsung galaxy num_extend
you ll only use one at a time ,  so the other sixty will have to wait in limbo .
i used this product for a week ,  my skin ended up extremely dry and burning .
it does not feel like a successor to civilization ii .
it was really cheap ,  so i bought this for my wife s phone .
i have never purchased anything but linksys hubs ,  switches ,  routers ,  modems and waps .
i ve used this product two days now and had expectations it removes makeup .
i was really looking forward to buying and playing battlefield num_extend
does not work well enough on my small dog ,  i should have just used scissors .
i only use this crockpot for soups ,  temp is way too hot for other dishes .
i have to say i was extremely disappointed in the design of this shoe for johnston and murphy .
unfortunately it does not ship from amazon but another supplier and they will not refund the shipping .
my last one ,  a num_num cup lasted about num_num weeks .
my issue is that it is not well made and meant for a short girl .
i have an ipod video ,  num_extend and these do not work with it .
i would only recommend this to someone that i wanted to suffer at the hands of inferior engineering .
i then get the num_extend which is the one with stainless steel bowl .
that s why i bought this cord . think it may have a faulty wire ?  .
i had this for num_num months and the thing stopped working .
i am sure some people like this product ,  but i found it toxic .
as others have said it produces a minimum amount of steam with a maximum amount of fuss and bother .
when he arrived home ,  it looked like he had been spray painted with apache orange paint .
well ,  in num_num years not much has changed with this product  i have checked it out at the stores  .
bought num_num of this vest for my num_num years old daughter and num_num years old son .
it is cheaply made and i have to say ,  i was not thrilled with this item one bit .
i wouldn t recommend this product and i won t purchase it again .
i bought these binoculars and they received very little use .
i ve used other products and this one is my least favorite .
just not what i was looking for; they were returned .
to greasy and made my skin break out .  .  . and i am way over num_extend
then ,  if your vehicle s hazard flashers don t work ,  by all means this is better than absolutely nothing .
this is possibly the worst product that i have purchased in quite a long time .
i forgot to charge it for about num_num months and the unit is completely dead .
obviously not impossible for a dedicated bug  . for about num_num months i hardly ever saw an ant in the bowl .
yes ,  it does have partially hydrogenated oils  less than num_num percent ,  the label says  ,  while skippy uses palm oil .
no ,  no ,  no !  i did not love this product ,  i hate this product .
i returned my jawbone after just one very frustrating day . all control buttons are hidden from view and touch .
customer service said they would get back to me but have not heard from them yet .
i am sad because these batteries do not last as long as my stock battery .
i think i read it may just be this problem with the num_num radeon series .
the only problem in that the banana hook is weak and bends under the weight of the bananas .
i m going to look into another brand ,  but i would not recommend this one .
i would not suggest anyone to purchase from this seller .
if that weren t bad enough ,  sonic even has a  romantic  relationship with one of these humans .
so she and i will never know if this is effective nutrition .
it s a subpar product that doesn t work as it s supposed to .
i thought when i ordered from amazon ,  this must be two boxes .
i did not like this product at all .
i figured i would try the aqueon model as the valve assemble looked easier to use than the python .
if you have thicker or coarser hair ,  perhaps this may be a better tool .
i contacted the seller and they issued me a refund .
this case comes apart and does not fit tightly on the iphone num_extend
my daughter won t even play with in more than num_num minutes if that .
due to arthritis ,  i have crooked toes ,  and thought these would help to separate them .
there was nothing wrong with the eyeshadows ,  they matched the description .
i m sure it sat in amazon s warehouse for months after they received it as well .
my elderly mom purchased this radio perhaps num_num or so years ago from ccrane .
i see now from reading negative reviews that many others have experienced the very same problem .
to be fair i am using msr canisters but i am not sure why that would make a difference .
i would not recommend purchasing this toy for your kids .
expected the same high quality product in the shoe but alas the shoe is no comparison .
i read the other reviews and did not believe that so simple of a product could be so bad .
i will never buy anything from simpletech again .
i just ordered this shampoo from amazon . com ,  but i will not be accepting the package .
this happened starting from christmas day ,  about num_num minutes after opening it .
i don t remember specifics about this flavor except that the picture is false advertising .
i ve been using and have been frustrated with this product since early february .
after about num_num shots the flingshot fell apart .
even after a heating treatment to plastic part still would not stay tight .
i ve owned a dsc num_extend for num_num years .
it s not the stairs fault but my cat s that i really don t like it .
i m giving this tent num_num stars ,  though ,  because the packaging says  stormshield  all over it ,  which is ridiculous .
was in need of a car charger because my phone dies really fast .
might be good for you ,  but really doesn t have much taste .
the manual that comes with this is a vague as they get .
this is just another yelling and grabbing game ,  and matching ,  with little thinking .
do not buy it . a convenient product for the num_num years it held a charge ,  now it s junk .
but most of the time ,  they don t work very well at all .
i ve had this printer for about num_num years .
i read the negative reviews and thought they couldn t be that bad .
i did not have patience to read any instructions and found it difficult to navigate .
they re ok ,  but what keeps them from being solid is the lack of rubber .
this was a real waste of money !  it only worked for a couple of weeks .
i have loved all other neutrogena products ,  but this one just doesn t work .
first off ,  i m only giving this hamburger press num_num star because of the concept .
this phone picks up fingerprints like nothing else .
they don t like them and have not even chewed on them at all since i got them for christmas .
i usually read reviews before purchasing a toy product ,  but this time i did not .
its been pretty much num_num months and still haven t received it .
it looks like a rotten piece of coconut or some kind of jell floating on there .
so that was a waste of num_num bucks . i gave it num_num star because the cable does work .
i do not believe these people actually bought and  attempted  to make this model .
this thing is sleeveless ,  and just not worth the money .
i would only recommend this right now because the wii u is lacking in titles .
i was expecting a lot more from this screen protector ,  but was disappointed .
really disgusted with this product on the first try .
but it stopped working after a couple of months .
this is not like the tpu gel ,  it s just a horrible quality rubber  recycled tire tube  case from china .
also does not stay on most smaller cases hands free .
this tea is so weak ,  that it is like drinking water .
this is the otterbox for the num_num not the num_extend
compared to the identical looking  insta slim  shirt ,  this does almost nothing . i would not recommend this product .
i kept trying to explain why this one was better than those but she wasn t having it .
i needed an ant bait that would kill the queen ant and destroy the colony .
however ,  the sizing is small when compared with crocs women s size num_extend
these noodles have a weird texture that takes some getting used to ,  and they have no flavor whatsoever .
i have applied many screen protectors ,  all with success ,  but not in this case .
the motorola oasis ,  and the very uncomfortable samsung num_extend both get a voice prompt from pressing the button .
i bought one of these ,  returned it as being too small ,  and bought another .
i hate this product because of num_num main num_extend
update :  num_num jan num_extend i contacted the manufacturer and asked for warranty replacement .
i don t think any game should do this :  an improvement should be an num_extend
buying this case was my first bad experience with amazon sellers ever .
it was a very large cover with only one disc inside with no paperwork or guidebook .
my first  and possibly last  order from this source was not a pleasant one .
that being said ,  this product seems to be more of a novelty than an actual solution to the problem .
if you buy this toaster hoping to get lucky ,  you might  based on some people s reviews  .
i ve had this card for about one month so this is not a spur of the moment review .
they really shouldn t state that this heater can handle a num_num gallon tank .
i have num_num dogs and not one of them have anything to do with this kong toy .
i have never been able to get this controller to work with any game i have .
thankfully i have oily eyelids so it s not impossible to get off it really is that much of a hassle .
i would not buy this since it will not work with a phone this big .
if i had forced the adapter and simcard out of the phone ,  the contacts would have been ruined .
however ,  if that had been the case ,  the num_num copper conductor would have been bent at that point .
this was the worst product i have ever used .
i doubt there is anything wrong with this oil ,  the taste and smell are just too  fresh  for me .
this isn t designed for lap use and requires that your notebook be on a num_extend
however ,  i found that it really exacerbated my acne ,  so i ve stopped .
so being able to get it stable is nearly impossible . im not at all happy with this helicopter .
i have been doing the aquarium heater musical chairs for a few months here and this is no good .
the only thing that was lighter was my wallet after buying this .
there s something not right about the balance of this axe .
i am out $ and of course will not buy a toy from this seller or manufacturer again .
this game is no fun  did you see the one star ?   and is not worth anyone s time .
but i think there are enough problems that they will likely have to go back to the drawing board .
now when i plug it into the wall it makes a loud buzzing sound .
do not waste your money if you are cutting anything more substantial than bread !  .
but they only remind you that this should have been an rpg .
no excuse for a product in this price range .
they worked fine ,  but i bought them as an item of convenience ,  and they were a mess .
i purchased these bags because i wanted two medium sized bags .
the replacement lasted only num_num years before the blades broke .
other than the heavy wood cabinet ,  this is a run of the mill table radio .
this was a hard sell ,  especially with the price .
nuts that are countersunk seem to stick up more than is desirable .
this thing is hands down the worst protein bar i ve ever had in my life .
i believe otterbox released this case just a little to soon before working the bugs out .
i imagine it would be impossible to work this product with gloves on both hands .
saw another for more money but went with this one ,  guess you get what you pay for .
i don t like big bulky  android  looking blue tooth sets that take up a bunch of room .
this is an unacceptable design flaw !  now the kickstand doesn t stay in the case body .
i do not recommend this product to buy ,  unless you are sure the product will fit the car vent .
this is bad ,  because the front part of the phone is the one that s the most fragile !  !  .
very dissapointing maybe i should have stuck with the more expensive ones .
there are just so many things are wrong with this bike .
so i wanted to start using this duster .
i came across this set  did not buy  and was horrified .
don t waste your money even renting this one .
the beans have already been taken care of ,  so all you can control is the water source .
now i put the case on successfully two or three other times before ,  but this time it snapped .
the product consistently had trouble pairing with my iphone num_extend
i highly recommend sportdog and do not recommend this one ! i returned the dogtra collar and bought another sportdog one .
this  feature  is a little disconcerting and makes me wonder what other tricks it is playing on me .
the handle will not stay attached to the screw which makes the press pretty much useless .
i was so excited to buy this product ,  thinking it would improve my grandchildren s skills and interest in reading .
after using for one month ,  i see no improvement .
this case came in and as soon as i opened the package it gave off a very strong odor .
i also noticed that in addition to making my hands stink ,  the moon dough started turning them blue .
very disappointing after reading so many great reviews on it .
i purchased this from another source so that i could just buy num_num of this variety .
things still ended up looking like roadkill . i am very disappointed with oxo s mandoline .
bought this for my sister s dog ,  and it has not worked .
i bought this brush with the new foundation by bm and it is very awkward to use .
i d rate this drink somewhere between num_num and num_num stars .
i am thinking it should not have been so expensive for what its made with .
i bought this cover for my samsung galaxy player num_extend but this not protect the player at all .
the problem with the foreman grill is that after six months mine is ready for the dumpster .
i don t know if i got an old one or what ,  but this perfume smells like spray starch .
its only new to this system because they stripped it from last year s base num_extend
i ve been using olay products for years and have always been happy but this item is awful .
it already quit working had to buy another product to replace this one ,  lasted about num_num months .
in addition ,  baggy ,  saggy and not at all what it looks like in the picture .
if these sorts of things only happened once or twice ,  i wouldn t mind .
this brush is made very cheap and the bristles will fall out very fast and easy .
i was also a bit disappointed with the sound quality .
i ve tried these kinds of bra s before and they are not smooth in that area .
in fact ,  i think i still might have one in the garage that i used a long time ago .
however ,  this one was not made well and not really made safely for dogs  or kids  .
i bought these thinking they would be very warm ,  but are not really anything too special .
dazzle obviously did not test this product thoroughly enough before finalizing it . stay away .
that s a high price to pay for just trying a product that was defective .
here are the problems with this one : a  coffee taste the same or lower than mr .
now i will have to order another one from somewhere else and go through the process again .
this comb does not work on dsh cats .
comes apart easily using the thumb screws ,  but don t use it as a rest when at the range .
unfortunately i have num_num different cup sizes and none of them was fitting below like the picture .
it may have been the other products that i was taking it with .
it s still there . the product claims to have a num_num meter range .
i read several flat iron reviews before purchasing a new flat iron and decided to go with this one .
i went to a local toy store that had it for half what i paid here on amazon .
this is just a weird crinkly plastic that looks much cheaper than it actually was .
as it is just basically food coloring with flavor ,  i would not drink this on purpose again .
if you need something for a larger application shell out some cash and get the tetratec .
i like sandisk ,  but this product is not good .
maybe it would work with some other bay ,  but not mine .
sorry ,  but these shoes are just not what i had hoped for .
i ve been using this shampoo for a week now .
i have mixed feelings about this linguine product .
i have tried all of sally hansen s nail products that claim to harden nails ,  with no success .
if you don t mind that fake sugar taste ,  you will probably like this grape soda mix .
after about an hour of fighting the annoyances with this thing i threw it in the trash .
make sure you wash these by themselves the ink runs horribly .
this is by far the worst lip product i have ever purchased .
my final input is that this product is too much hassle for me .
i bought this on august num_extend of num_num and by november num_extend and the gears stopped working .
this is not a hard nylabone so i don t recommend to many people .
the value of what you get is simply not worth the money . i don t recommend this soup .
it was a basic chocolate chip cookie dough recipe .
overall there isn t much i like about this product .
this is a num_num dollar game at a num_num dollar price .
you will be very annoyed every time you go to empty this thing .
this cutter is not better than a wheel ,  and is not better than kitchen shears .
this was like ,  well i hesitate to say slime ,  but .  .  .  . slime .
this is instant alright but really lacks rich coffee taste or aroma .
my only problem is i bought a medium and i should have bought a extra small .
the blood pressure cuff snapped the first time my son played with it ,  it s made of cheap plastic .
i bought this saw to replace this saw : gerber num_num sportsman s wood saw ,  coarseand i am very disappointed .
i tried on both my galaxy num_extend and my galaxy tab num_num num_extend
when i first got mario kart ds ,  i was bored after playing it for about num_num minutes .
i ordered num_num pairs of these shoes because they were listed as num_extend
they offer a refund but i will not bother ,  not worth the time and money .
i really don t have much to say about this product ,  except that it had no effect on my cat .
even the smallest dab !  i would not recommend this at all .
yeah ,  there were some downsides to it that have already been mentioned through other reviews .
both have negative reactions like skin peeling and dryness .
overall i m just barely satisfied with this model ,  and very unhappy when compared to my prior  stolen  canon powershot .
this product does not deserve even a one star rating .
i went with this trimmer in an attempt to be thrifty .
there s nothing wrong with them ,  but i m playing on an x box here .
it only lasted for a couple of weeks in the harmony .
but there are so many things wrong with this game . the graphics are cel shaded and look weak .
well ,  unbenounced to him i could hear everything they were saying .
i contacted the company through amazon in hopes of getting num_extend cards in exchange .
what makes this game even worse is the fact that it really wants to be a mario kart game .
i hope she won t encounter the same problems with the cuisinart as i did with this hamilton beach model .
the num_extend can do more than what asb num_num is doing ! the animations in the game felt very amateurish .
they sound very tinny and have virtually no volume to them .
the noise factor isn t that great ,  it only made about num_num different noises .
they can be very picky about wet food ,  so i wouldn t write reviews about canned ,  wet food .
really disappointed that i spent so much on this product .
i strongly recommend anyone looking for a mouse with programmable buttons stay away from this one .
i consider this product a waste of time and money .
is that supposed to be the espresso flavor ?  i have tasted many other things with a better coffee flavor .
returned ,  it works for the back the the hook in front will not stay closed .
the problem is it s an xbox num_num game that looks like it was made for the num_extend
if you have hardwood floors ,  you will destroy them before having these screws do anything .
total waste of money ,  i would not recommend purchasing this item .
didn t have the same experience as everyone else and this is going back !  .
with a num_num mhz processor ,  you would think that this phone was going to have some speed .
this product is like dropping water on my face ,  every drop runs right down my cheek .
i can t even plug my charger in all the way when this case is on .
i do not recommend this product if you want something reliable .
i just wasted my money ,  when i am trying to help my mom with her food cost .
i experienced a similar problem with another motorola model ,  but that problem took over a year to manifest .
i purchased num_num of these as gifts for christmas last year .
when i stopped using this product the itchiness went away .
such a waste of resources and money !  in num_extend we can build better more reliable products !  .
its glued together and seems like it will fall apart .
it wrinkled ,  was filled with bubbles and gets dirty very easily .
this is probably the worst foundation brush i ve ever used .
i contacted them about this but they never replied .
but it does have a premium sound system . the problem with this device is the incessant hiss .
i really like seidio products and am very disappointed that this was faulty .
it doesn t turn when you turn the nook itself ,  even though you have the screen adjustment feature turned on .
but no ,  this container is only for num_num pounds of product .
tried motorola web site ,  there is no driver download for this phone .
i noticed standing water adjacent to the kettle ,  this was at about num_num months .
this is the num_extend case i ve bought for my num_extend
it worked for a couple of weeks and then went bust .
but everything else about it is very dull and not worthy of today s standards .
they were very nice but an num_num year old with an eating distorter could not have pulled these up .
i was not pleased with these headphones at all .
after about num_num months ,  the black part starts to separate from the clear part .
i would not recommend this item since it fell short of performance claims in description .
it did not remove the damage like the commercial said it would do .
too much dried fat to be able to pull the stuff apart with your teeth .
i won t buy from this seller again ,  and should have realized the price was too good to be true .
our num_num year old lab destroyed this in less than num_num minutes .
these slip ons are way over priced for what they are .
this battery did not work as well as the other i ordered .
i can not recommend this product to anyone .
bright enough to identify image but not large enough to judge quality .
i did not like the fit or the quality of this product .
this concept of arcade has been done so many times it s gotten very old .
there is simply no value here ,  with one exception  .  .  .  . the unit comes with three sets of heads .
they re really not that important which is odd .
don t waste your time or money with this case .
i have used num_num or some lotions over the past num_num years .
i guess for the price i shouldn t complain much but the glass on my top was not cut straight .
this is probably the worst airsoft gun i have owned .
finally i cut it with extra water and that was all she wrote ,  it was still bad .
most of these cables might work fine but the one i got was bad .
they look like they have been washed one hundred times  !  !  .
i don t like the fact that you can t just kill without saying freeze or something .
these micrfibres are meh for removing wax ,  make you work harder than you need to .
i can t say i gave this a real chance ,  but i should have taken the reviews more seriously .
i took the entire bottle religiously ,  and still got sick probably num_num or num_num times within that period .
would have liked this product if it wasn t so thick and was able to hold the cold .
i think conair has changed it s product and i will not buy again .
they have ingredients in them that i am now allergic to and so i wont be purchasing them again .
this could have been a great bread baking vessel but it was so thin ,  it arrived shattered .
it looked like this product was already used when it arrived .
lara still looks like the same old lara .
mean while ,  i l save your time not telling you about my awful experience with that thing .
they are not very aggressive chewers ,  but these only lasted a matter of minutes with each one of them .
i would like to send the cone back but for some reason amazon will not accept returns .
in fact ,  i believe i have more acne than when i started using this product .
i m honestly extremely disappointed because this is the first time a carhartt product has let me down .
do not buy !  !  !  stay away !  i should have read these reviews first .
i have tried numerous devices to try to get my serial diagnostic system to work .
these were not for me ,  and as many other reviewers have stated ,  not these .
didnt last very long at all .  . the product that is .
there s nothing wrong with the seller ,  they were great . the problem is the device itself .
sorry trendnet ,  but i think eventually you d stop making the customer pay for your bad build quality .
i m a glutton for punishment ,  i bought num_num of these .
i ve eaten things like that before ,  and they were fine .   well ,  it isn t .
i wish i would have done more research before buying this product .
about num_num months after you buy it ,  the back of it will start peeling off ,  like a snake .
i believe i was wrong however as i ve noticed no changes with this supplement .
i wish other manufacturers would use handles such as these . suggestion :  i have had a better experience with mcklein bags .
the only thing that makes them slightly better is to heat them up for num_num seconds in the microwave .
anyways i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i ordered this battery as a back up for my new samsung galaxy num_extend phone .
i used this product years ago ,  and then tried again this past year .
when you run the cd that comes with the unit it attempts to communitate with thd device .
a younger child with limited small motor coordination will likely find this completely impossible .
linksys products have been degrading in quality over some time .
i tried the give them the benefit my not complaining until they contacted me .
i never really was satisfied with it ,  though it may have made my knives a little sharper .
i gave this num_num stars because ,  this game basically  is bad  .
the sound is pretty good the first time around ,  but then it just starts sounding tired .
i was rather disappointed with this electric shaver .
also ,  contrary to some reviews i read this item is bulky and does not fit well under pants .
it was messy ,  heavy ,  and doesn t do what it says it does .
this item is not like the original corningware .
this game is a huge disappointment ,  and for $ that is just not acceptable .
i have been using it one day ,  and already notice scratches .
i had this case on iphone num_extend for nearly a year .
they are very expensive ,  and for our family just wasn t worth the money .
this product falls short in two very important areas .
the only reason i gave it num_num stars . oh well back to the drawing board .
i have been trying to use this product since september ,  num_extend
it can be glued back on ,  but the plastic seems like it will break if dropped .
it was a lot smaller than i thought it would be so he went through it pretty quickly .
this is an expensive solution to protecting your door from chipping .
i bought one of these due to the great discounts many dealers have on them ,  but was sadly disappointed .
trying to replace a heavy duty rubbermaid large drainer board with the drain channels parallel to the longest side .
no problem for about a year and a half .
i kept getting pains for a couple of months after using these .
when taking over a factory by force you can expect the same enemy pattern every single time .
i expected it to smell better than the original queen latifah by queen latifah .
i m very disappointed ,  especially since they are not inexpensive .
i will not be using this any longer .
ha !  also the distance from the transmitter to the base is nowhere near what they say .
at first ,  but then i decided to do another test .
i need to find a model just for underarms ,  something much smaller that would reach up in there better .
the first thing you notice ,  though fairly trivial ,  is that the graphics are bad .
the overall quality of this oven is not good .
i thought this was a very weak coffee .
case in point the kydex sheath that came with the knife .
they have just a hint of sour to them .
you have to hold the remote about num_num inches away for it to work .
i m guessing that this is also associated with a power surge .
i ve used many igo products and this is the first one to disappoint .
i have absolutely no idea on how to work it or exactly what its supposed to do .
my cat will not touch her food with this on it .
prior batteries that i purchased lasted for num_num year or more .
i couldnt get the ravioli sheets to stick together well as they all came apart .
so ,  basically ,  i m not at all satisfied with this product .
when you take shots they look very bad ,  whatever you do to edit  software  and fix them .
a simple zipper would be much better num_extend
i believe these could be very helpful for my dogs but they would have only needed a small bowl .
this means i have to keep my phone one inch away from my pc to use it .
things are hard to take apart for cleaning .
if i were to do it again ,  i would just paint the original sight with nail polish .
it was the cheap price that lured me into buying num_num of these ,  but it s not made very well .
i have been using the product for almost num_num months .
would not buy this bra again or recommend .
i would just like to start by saying i really don t like giving bad reviews .
i have being wearing this wig style for more than num_num years .
i use it not just to make coffee and tea ,  but also instant oatmeal and instant mashed potatoes .
i used them almost daily for about num_num months .
pass on this one unless you like drinks with very little flavor .
my old trusty microfiber sponge worked better than this mitt ,  unfortunately .
as others have noted ,  there is a high pitched whine audible whenever the box is switched on .
this one does not spin like that one did .
not even num_num hours later it s been boxed back up and is going back .
it looks very cheap !  !  and as you may have guessed ,  it s made in china .
i do not recommend ,  would not buy again and i hope this helps someone .
i have tried other flavors that were better but i don t like the sweet tea flavor at all .
i do not know why some give five stars to this product is very difficult to use it .
i have several other brushes i like much better .
my two cats do not play with this unless i sit with them and push the ball around .
other than that ,  the textures are off ,  not horrendous ,  but nothing special .
my son is almost num_num months old and this scares him too much .
so i ve only had this thing for num_num months .
the straps are just like the ones you find on a very cheap school book bag .
the holes are not where they should be for my verizon iphone num_extend
do you have some money to waste ?  buy this item .
this leash was not at all what i thought it would be .
i was relieved when the blade mechanism broke this week ,  num_num months after purchase .
i will use it up but i will not purchase this product again .
i was really disappointed by this product after all these glowing reports .
it took less than a month for the clip to break without much use .
everything about this product is wrong . this thing is a total piece of   .  .  .   .
it wears easily and now it doesn t look that nice .
even as an adult ,  i couldn t get them to do what i wanted them to do .
well ,  these barely heat . they dont work very well .
my last num_num razors have been braun s thus this is my forth .
it wasn t worth the time or effort it took to put on and the results were very disappointing .
i didn t expect a much different product ,  but some things were even cheaper that i thought .
this is a very cheap piece of equipment .
i bought this game for num_num bucks plus tax and now i feel like i was ripped off .
i ve tried dozens of different brands and this was the first that was hard as a rock .
this happened with the second of this item .
well ,  after two months and num_num drops ,  the back part of the case failed .
i didn t like it very much at all ,  so got a hard plastic case which was much better .
i chose this over the most expensive one because i am using it in my motor home .
i couldn t get it to work with my motorola droid num_extend
i will try to sharpen it up myself but i m not really all that great at sharpening knives .
i have tried several different devise s ,  but all have static as this one did .
these kept returning a negative result even though i knew i was in ketosis and ketostix confirmed that .
i cant say this product worked on the two vehicles i tried it on .
i know this product will not last my grandaughter very long .
the smell wasn t as bad as others have said ,  but it was not a pleasant odor ,  that s for sure .
do yourself a favor and avoid this product .
i bought this thinking the bosch name would mean something ,  but it does not mean good in this case .
i would not recommend an item that can survive shipping too protect a phone .
other think thin bars i ve purchased from amazon are perfect but this one missed the mark by a galaxy .
i am surprised it didn t explode and kill me this thing is so awful .
i was replacing a grinder that had given me many years of service with one issue ,  static .
i like being able to add my own good oil ,  but the spray quality is terrible .
the other lower ring didn t have that problem and tightend up properly .
all in all ,  i will not order these again ,  nor could i recommend them to anyone .
i have tried several different application techniques for this product because i really wanted it to work .
this game was one of the sorriest game boy advance games i have purchased .
i am not returning them because they cost so little .
then they re shot out again in less than num_num seconds .
horriblebought these with the hope it would cut time from soaking off nails .
this game will quickly be on the num_num dollar game shelf along with bloowake and munchs oddysee .
they won t get another penny from me .   .  .  .  first ,  before you do anything else ,  you have to get the software update .
they have ruined what was a great sock .
i ordered these in my usual num_extend but discovered that they are very baggy and long .
if this bose product was priced around num_num bucks i would be a little more forgiving .
you have to peel the garlic ,  and clean it out after every couple of cloves .
very bad taste and texture ,  would not buy again .
i don t even want to give them to my friends ,  they just aren t good at all .
it is not tall enough to work in our cuisinart coffee machine .
they said they would send me a new gage ,  that was num_num months ago .
i would only suggest this game to a wrestling fan that just don t have much to do .
had to wait about num_num minutes before it would turn on again .
i kept reapplying the eyeliner again and again but never got it to look great .
the picture doesn t really match the actual product as well as it should .
they do have a nice ,  crispy crunch to them ,  but otherwise are not worth bothering with .
i have installed at least num_num other bike computers .
plus ,  it is not as thick as other essie product i have used before .
compared to the num_extend this thing is unflyable .
i tried using this on my thick ,  wavy hair ,  but it did not do a great job of detangling .
we had been using a more expensive product  with a different active ingredient  that was working well .
i will never order this ,  or any other foam tape again .
i have friends that say this works but it doesn t work on my dog .
no hard feelings toward anyone who does like this game .
cisco is putting their name on these devices ,  but they re a far cry from real cisco gear .
this is a very expensive toothbrush to buy that will last less than a year .
i haven t been able to go to sleep at night without chemical assistance in at least num_num years .
if you have an xbox num_extend do not buy this game it will not work on your unit .
in my opinion ,  this is a poor choice .
i have been using these sprayers for over a year now .
just wanted a basic sling ,  this had too many adjustments .
i am out here looking for something to cut up a chicken and ran across these as an option .
the first thing i noticed when i got this pan home was that the tube insert was extremely warped .
i read the reviews ,  and as negative as they were ,  i decided to spend a few bucks on this .
i bought num_num you can hardly see the lines and the nobs don t work very well .
the only thing i do like about the orginalz vs .
because of this i suppose i won t be buying any football titles for the next num_num years .
the camera is insanely stupid at time ,  which is why i give this game only num_num stars .
i would not recommend this castle or the company in general .
what i like is that the item got here on time ,  however its way tooo big for my phone .
my first thought was that the brightness wasn t very good .
have been told we must wait till jan num_num to recontact them about it .
then ,  i figured that since whs is based on server num_extend it shouldn t hurt anything .
i never thought he would chew it through this thick handle .
this is not a product i would use again . i also wasn t impressed with how small the container was .
i ve only been using the travel press for three weeks ,  and i would hardly call usage very vigorous .
want a boring experience with clumsy play control ?  then pick this poor excuse for a killer app up .
are you like me ?  i have been using this stuff for num_num years .
i ve tried more expensive bags but since they re so pricey i figured i ve give these a shot ,  big mistake .
they were heavy ,  fragile ,  and got very hot very fast in the microwave .
this is a mediocre product at best and would not recommend anyone buy it even at this price .
do not buy this if you want a mask that will last you more than num_num times of use .
i returned it ,  and ordered num_num more  both for leupold scopes  .
so far this mouse does not appear to have that problem .
of what we heard of them ,  as there was very little interaction with other characters in the game .
i do not think that anything was wrong with the cans such as denting or an uneven lid .
i just attached it to my backseat headrest with about num_num inches of slack .
we went through the process many times before calling it quits .
this is the shoddiest drink i ve had in a long time .
despite the awesome waffles ,  i cannot recommend you buy this product due to the poor safety level .
it does not even fit the male dog i have on the hood part .
does not last very long ,  and dries the lips terribly .
the light was not bright enough to trace things .  .  . all in all this product was very disappointing .
speaking of the thickness ,  it s do thick that i can t plug in the cord that came with my phone .
you just have to get used to it . the biggest drag to this game is the camera work .
this bag looks exactly like the picture ,  so there is no deception .
not bad ,  but i don t like it as much as i thought i would .
i was looking forward to an update to an old nose hair trimmer when i ordered this .
i think that might be the problem with this .
the battery had worked well for num_num years ,  but this end was a serious fire hazard .
i could go on and on ,  but this game is just too much .
didn t hold a charge for very long to me it was a wast of money :   .
i bought this filter to go into my marineland num_num gallon tank .
my last try was about num_num hours ,  and i can state unequivocally that there is nothing to get .
there is nothing new about this shooter that entices me to buy it .
i love ordering on this site ,  but this is not a good deal .
an the frickin bag that comes with it is too danged small .
these screen protectors were a waste of money .
you have to buy something else ,  like a usb adapter ,  to make it work with a mac .
i love to cook ,  this is a tool for me and it was a waste of money .
i have spent over num_num hours on the phone with sony s tech support .
i still have the product but some reason i couldn t let them replace it .
being metal it seems like it should be stronger than that .
after a while using this ,  i started to have clogged pores .
and i had always wanted to give it a try but the price seemed to high .
top button on phone is very hard to press with this cover on .
they would rather fill the landfills with these enormous heaters than sell us a couple of replacement parts .
this was more crinkled than i thought it would be and didn t seem very warm .
but overall ,  it works . now comes a big warning :  do not install the utility that came with the adapter .
bought this unit in aug num_num and unfortunately the screen developed a crack on it last year .
and i might believe one bad tire is a fluke ,  but two ?  within a week of each other ?  no .
i have relaxed hair and i will not be purchasing this product again .
the gameplay looks like it was made in a lifetime too ,  and that is a bad thing .
this waffle maker is definitely not for morning waffles .
since i am a smaller person ,  this was way to overkill for me .
i ve been using this product for about num_num days .
i have no idea why anyone would think that s a good idea .
this is my only issue with the product ,  but it made them look a bit cheap .
using this strategy ,  i ve only lost num_num of about num_extend we ve played .
it does not really resemble the buffalo wing taste  sour and hot  .
are they filled with meth or made out of gold ?  this makes amazon look bad !  .
i am very small after num_num months of bfing and this even smashed me .
it will no come off ,  they are stained or etched i don t know i ve never seen anything like this .
well ,  other than some fading ,  so does mine but don t let that fool you .
this product was not at all what i was expecting .
this does not . blackberry :  this flavor is much closer than apple in flavor approximation .
i mean honestly were the develporers high when they made this !  ?  !  ?  i mean please tell me .
i used this cream everyday three times a day for a couple of months with no results .
i ve been using this router for almost num_num years .
this case was very cheap and honestly too expensive for the quality .
unfortunately ,  it did not work out . my cats didn t seem to enjoy it very much .
do no buy this product ,  especially if you have sensitive skin .
like the metal construction and the little metal balls ,  however they don t glide as well as i hoped .
in addition it i noticed that this items had a very small amount of product in it .
same issues everyone else has mentioned for past num_num years .  .  . obviously nothing was fixed .
i ve been using frontline products for years and not had any trouble .
pulling off her nail was really painful for her so i am never using this product again .
just don t waste your money ,  because this scarf is not built to last .
we have purchased two of these toys ,  with very mixed experiences .
when i first tried hawaiin spirulina  about num_num years ago  it tasted markedly better .
now i have a cheap tacky phone case missing rhinestones that i would never put on my phone .
this is the same reply they ve been sending to users for months .
really annoying ,  as this case is hard and is a bit of a struggle to open everytime .
first ,  let me say this is my first time trying a clinical strength antiperspirant .
i really would like to know what the scent is made up of .
i experience this when trying to load my num_extend tiger challenge and during season mode .
i do not recommend this horrible product . ring ring ring ringggggggg !  !  !  !  !  !  .
this kit is impossible to use and is not worth the money .
too bad both granite ware and amazon don t understand that this product is delicate and must be handled carefully .
the belt clip is weak and it pops off a belt or pocket top very easily .
i won t buy this product again ,  i am scared for my turtle s life if i do .
i was wrong ,  this product did not work for me and i would not recommend it .
i wish i had spent the money on something that would have lasted longer .
unlike their powdered products ,  this gel product leaves an off tasteon plastics and silicone .
for the price it is definitely not worth it .
i did not have a good experience with this product .
the one i ordered came with a broken chin strap ,  the overall construction is just terrible .
i remember liking sonic when i was little ,  but now it doesn t seem like there s a point .
there are other problems but i can not remember them right now .
i was looking forward to playing this xbox game on my xbox num_extend
i have been using this monitor since january num_extend
i bought num_num of these batteries through amazon . com for my cell phone .
this was bigger than expected  my bad ,  the size is listed  so it was too big for my dogs .
who needs to deal with that junk ?  this replacement gets returned to amazon .
the original phone was less than num_num months old .
i ve been waiting for this game for quite some time knowing that it would be great . except it s not .
the instructions it will work for about num_num months ,  and then need to be replaced .
this shampoo is nice to the touch but other then that it s pretty bland .
i do not think its is worth more than the eight dollars i paid for it .
i don t expect theater quality sound from any pair of cheap headphones .
like a previous reviewer ,  i owned my first a long time; i purchased it num_num years ago .
i hated this tank top !  i bought several different colors and the material is awful .
it is really hard to describe a game like outlaw golf .
i would not recommend this product simply because there are many others out there to try .
my num_extend num_num month old amstaff started destroying this in about num_num mins ,  if that .
i don t think my dog will have much interest in it anymore without the squeak however .
i thought that this would be an excellent rpg like ff series ,  but i was horribly wrong .
this product literally stays cold for about num_num minutes  maximum  before going back to room temperature .
i chose this rating due to the adverse reaction experienced using this product one time .
this case should be priced at $ for those that was a piece of crap for cheap .
i don t have any luck with this product .
even a simple white bread recipe is disappointing because the loaf is not evenly shaped . i would not recommend this .
if you have a gs num_extend this cover will not work .
if you like soft sweet chewable licorice candy ,  don t buy this brand .
had to give it to my num_num year old and it is still too short for her .
after everything i ever heard about this product i was excited to try it .
i was a bit disappointed with this product .
spend your money elsewhere as there seems to be no quality control on this product .
shame on duracell for trying to push this good idea ,  but poorly designed product !  .
treats from china have been associated with kidney and liver failure and rare cancers in dogs .
the back of cover is very abrasive  ,  due to material is made of .
the little applicator is garbage ,  it is too small and not made very well .
the nectar that comes with this is comically small amount .
despite that ,  the printer port did ,  in fact work . buy this only if you can t find a better option .
i can t recommend these but they are not the worst i have ever eaten either .
i get better curls with a flat hot iron then this product .
this phone is absolute crap !  do not purchase it ,  you have been warned .
this product just doesn t do what it says it does .
they are even worse black . if you are a person who prefers very weak coffee ,  this product is for you .
i bought this in a store because i was low in supply at home .
i shot it in a couple different cameras ,  and the results were disappointing in this regard .
i have a num_extend pit bull who was able to break out of the crate door with minimal effort .
i installed the device in two diffetrent pc s both with windows xp num_extend and it didn t work .
after repeated efforts ,  my experience has been that rice rarely turns out well with this rice cooker .
it s not good ,  i saw one other review that had num_num stars .
to use it i need alvays have a calculator with me multiplying readings by num_extend
i will order this brand again but i will not buy this particular pan for my needs .
once set up ,  it offers less than num_num minutes of play .
thinkthin chocolate fudge gluten free bars may very well be the worse bar that i have ever tasted .
having a bowel movement is the only thing these pills have done which i not why i purchased them .
this company is so disorganized and has the worse customer service i have ever encountered .
so maybe if your pet has very short hair than this would be alright ,  long hair ,  maybe not .
even though she loves the toddler computer games ,  she still shows no interest in this .
what is the point of this toy ?  also ,  it is extremely heavy ,  which makes it kind of dangerous !  !  .
i didn t really know what to expect with this release .
i gave up because i did not believe that the third time would work either .
the blue light went on to say that the phone was charging ,  but the phone didn t charge .
i used it twice and both times my cookies lifted up from the pan with no problem .
you have to take the battery out and put it back in to start it back up .
it s smaller than the mega but it almost seems like the motor size was the same .
i would not recommend purchasing this doll for a child that intends to play with it .
wish i could send it back for a refund .
sorry for how late this is but ,  i find my self very busy with booming home business .
they fall off your head ,  are all beat up and look like they have been worn out for years .
have to find something else to do with it now .
within a couple weeks of purchasing this dispenser ,  the stainless steel parts started to rust .
after less than num_num months of use they quit working .
i have a few of these sleeves from other vendors and this is the worst of the bunch .
i guess i cant expect much for such a cheap price .
i bought this for my new num_extend but it did nothing .
$ do not recommend that anyone bother to purchase this pad .
it seems like the developers spent no time trying to make this feel realistic .
i have other skin issues that i really need my makeup to address and pore minimization isn t a priority .
the only think that tasted good about this soup were the corn kernels .
secondly ,  this is the hardest food pale that i have bought for my dogs .
if you don t mind watching your favorite hedgehog crawl around the areas ,  you will probably mind the other diasters .
purchased a set of these wipers for my wife s rav num_num march of num_extend
it seems as other reviewers have written the food grinder is literally eating itself up .
first of all ,  this product charges my garmin num_num very slowly .
literally !  our game came with two left feet not a right foot .
this is really no different than any other nylabone other than the shape .
the picture of this product would make one beleieve that these are thick plastic bottles .
you d be much better off with a handful of peanuts than eating one of these bars .
but it is no better than the attachments that allow trimming .
only good thing about this product is that it has no fragrance and doesn t irritate my skin .
i think it probably is a boar hair with just a couple of badger hairs .
in the past num_num months i have been using drops of liquid speriva in my tea .
ok you need a battery ,  get out the box cutter and flex your fingers for a work out .
i have no idea of what to do with this tiny skillet .
after the first week i gave up in disgust and this utensil hasn t been out of the drawer since .
but it really does a mediocre job on my seriously great collection of knives .
after that they had n tee at in this piece .
not a good value for the $ would not buy again .
my baby lab starts itching all over when i used this .
i have num_num iphones ,  num_num ipads ,  and num_num ipods and it won t charge any of them .
if this product actually did anything ,  it wouldn t need to be used in conjunction with a sunscreen .
would i buy some of this coffee anyway because its acid free ?  no .
they also don t absorb the urine odor like i thought they would .
this product is a poor representation of sennheiser quality .
i literally tried this num_num times with it working less than num_num percent of the time .
i cannot really feel this thing move around when it s inside .
man ,  i was really wanting to play this game for a long time .
avoid this silly product if you care about the environment or your wallet !  .
the cost of shipping them back for the correct size was too much .
i don t like that this jean is not provided by amazon .
i realize that some people have their units working after much work ,  i still haven t been that lucky .
i am going to try some silver polish but not sure if it will work .
if you want a more durable feeder ,  pay more for a better built model !  .
i really tried to like this product ,  but couldn t stomach it .
it is very thin and doesn t keep my doggie warm .
they are also very large to hold and awkward for smaller hands .
the item was purchased from through amazon fulfillment but the seller was num_extend
and the fact that they are not pitted will hinder my clean up .
i purchased this item and never before did i have muffin top thighs .
i bought this at radio shack  always a mistake .  device is incredibly flimsy .
i will not be using it ,  since i don t know what the last person put in it .
i have requested a refund and would never purchase from them again .
i do not recommend this and will never purchase a palm again .
i will have to wait num_num years when i upgrade before i can use this case .
overall i would not recommend this version of this glue from my experience .
the first one lasted about num_num months or so .
while i love the idea of this ,  the glue stick included was unable to live up to its role .
this pack has ended up being worse than my rechargeable batteries .
they also didn t come together perfectly nor did they feel too sturdy although i didn t really test them .
i fell into this trap because i didn t know what the exact video card in my machine was .
i used this soap on my face and it really dried my skin out .
this device was pretty much worthlessedit : the manufacturer contacted me to discuss by product review .
this is pretty much the worst dvd player ever created .
when i saw how much cheaper these were than traverse bay i decided to check them out .
i bought these hoping they would be like the num_extend version num_num but they aren t .
now this sony is battery operated only and costs about a third of the panasonic .
i bought this for iphone num_num and num_extend
so ,  they die off within one or two battles . and if you expect to heal them ,  think again .
i am certain that at some point it may have been difficult but not for many many years .
my first jilbere hot air brush lasted over num_num years .
no matter how many times you press them together ,  they still come loose .
i received this shoe polish quickly ,  but it is all dry and crumbly .
i would not recommend these for holding much weight .
i blame this more on amazon than panasonic .
i would not buy this product again and i would not recommend it to anyone .
this product was not at all what i expected .
after reading rave reviews ,  i was not that impressed .
didn t even work with only one input plugged in .  .  .  . don t waste your money !  .
yeah ,  i m way over this product and will never waste my money again .
when i first started using this deodorant ,  it seemed pretty okay .
needless to say she doesn t play with this anymore .
surely something close to ico num_num would be made right ?  no ,  ico didn t sell all that well .
i m reviewing this for the product but have not purchased from amazon .
i would not recommend this to anyone in rather let them buy another case .
you will not be getting that with this ,  or i d wager ,  any netgear product .
the first norpro i bought broke after a couple of months .
i cannot believe i bought this after reading reviews stating exactly that .
if i can get this thing to work ,  i ll delete this review and rewrite one with more stars .
this really was not my cup of tea ,  it was dry ,  nearly crumbly ,  and relatively tasteless .
if you want something like this ,  just cut up the large sushi sheet seaweed and season; much cheaper .
one of the worst earbuds i ve ever owned and i ve purchased several different types .
i wish i had done so from the beginning . i emphatically do not recommend this player to anyone .
per battery  the fail to mention this when they post thier num_num year warranty .
even after cleaning the bottle i couldn t clean off all the pills .
i am very disappointed and would not recommend this to anyone .
had the fruit of the loom been available in my size ,  i would have purchased those .
i stupidly thought it would smell good based on other reviews .
they arrived with other items ,  in a bigger package ,  and the package was not damaged .
i ll not use this brand again even though i ve had similar ones for years .
sorry ,  i didn t notice any improvement from this product and i used it as directed .
i went to a different bike store so that i could see the fenders in person before purchasing them .
i put this knife thru its fair share of work ,  and it did not hold up .
it needs to be clarified that this is a woman s product .
these don t seem to have live cultures ,  so it doesn t work very well .
this makes it more difficult to store neatly and guarantees some lost beanbags .
i was hoping this product would work but it didn t .
i only used it for a couple of months then it was tossed .
however ,  after a couple of days it started to leak in my purse .
i never really trust buying batteries on amazon .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and ipod touch num_extend generation .
i have tried it under several sinks ,  but it is really worthless .
the keyboard set up does not work more than half the time .
i have an iphone num_num and thought i would give this a try .
they were less expensive even with the excessive shipping cost .
i didn t pay much ,  thank goodness ,  because this case is not attractive at all .
they are nicely made ,  but they are no where near large enough for my intended use .
wrong !  !  !  !  there is about num_num charactors missing from the num_num version for some unknown reason .
not much good for fat loss or what i want it for .
unlike many other bad reviews ,  mine say  cables to go  on them so i think they re legit .
for what i paid $ current price  i should have gotten way more .
well the disc isn t very wide ,  and they have very hard time trying to stay seated on the disc .
this toy holds her attention for about num_num car drops; then she s off .
you will never get your money s worth out of this toy .
i have never eaten flax before ,  and this last saturday ,  i decided to add one teaspoon to my oatmeal .
i then slipped the silicone portion of the case on my phone ,  followed by the polycarbonate plastic shell .
there is nothing about this product which warrants that price tag .
i should have returned it but time when by and i ended up throwing it in the recycle bin .
i would not recommend this drive because of the over heating issue .
my oem battery last a lot longer than this crap .
perhaps this particular model simply is not robust enough .
the sizing information is wrong i had to order them twice and the wrong size came both times !  .
this case looks plastic and makes my iphone look cheap .
first complete disappointment with anything i have ordered from subscribe and save .
they do not allow you to cancel your account online ,  you have to call their customer service line .
this product was not what i had expected .
i contacted cook s illustrated ,  who s review i had trusted; even they did not respond .
i love jelly bellies and can t begin to express how disappointed i am with this order .
some people think this will fit their baton ,  but there is no way .
this tape was a little sticky and hard for the num_num and num_num year old to use .
if you re looking at these headphones ,  i would suggest you buy something else .
never would buy again nor recommend to anyone .
now we hate the chair and will be getting another one to replace it .
wish they had a better view of the item that you could look at before buy it .
also the bristles seem like they were plastic and cheap ,  which is not worth the price .
unless your arms are on your back do not expect a good fit with this item .
it look cheap and does not fit well .
so bought this in num_num and the low speed which i know how to use .
needless to say i m not happy with toshiba s support of this product .
could not live with the cheap feel and the grill plates kept popping off .
i didn t contact anyone because it only cost a couple dollars .  . i didn t really feel cheated ,  but won t order again .
i may try once more at about % power for a minute and see what i get .
this is not something i d ever buy ,  nor would i recommend it to anyone .
what you may not know about this item is that its num_num pieces .
this device looks like it has a flexible shaft ,  but it does not .
this mistake should not happen in a game ,  but then again this is an activision game .
every time they give me a brand new piece of garbage that doesn t work .
i should have spent $ more and had something usable .
gave this game about num_num hours of my time .
we decided to finally upgrade our betta from a num_extend gallon tank to a num_num gallon .
i have been using this for five months now and i could see no difference at all .
but it was the way the return has been handled that i have issues with .
this is a product that i could not give as a gift .
this product comes out of the bottle very oily ,  greasy ,  and thick .
i did give it a second try just to make sure ,  but the same results happened .
this barely lasted a year and it stopped working .
i thought this was gonna be great but no effects .
i have been using this for about two weeks now ,  and only at night .
maybe good for breakfast ,  with some fruit in it ?  now stuck with num_num num_extend bags of it .
first ,  i must remove the bumper case from my iphone num_extend
i gave this a num_num star rating because it just didn t work for my kitty .
it was like they took glitter paper and stuck it to an iphone case .
they are very thin and do not seem very durable .
pirates !  would have been good about num_num years ago .
it doesn t seem to hold much compared to how much room it takes up .
i would never recommend this product ,  and i can t see how anyone is .
this happened on more than one occassion and was extremely frustrating .
worthless junk !  i bought four pair for the family and they re all the same garbage .
liked the color of this hat ,  buuuuuut ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  once again not made with enough material .
so far this is the only of the num_num pairs which i commonly need a belt to keep up .
the left channel stopped working after num_num months .
i sorry i wasted my money on this product .
it s disturbing to say the least ,  and not what i d expect from melissa and doug .
that was really the only part i needed ,  and it s cheaper than getting it through otter box .
the item i received was refurbished and at that time that was not mentioned in the description .
after @ num_num months ,  it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
i used this with my motorola droid x . sadly ,  this is not a spare battery alternative .
this might benefit dogs with very mild anxiety ,  but did not help my dog at all .
would not recommend to anyone who is looking to wear these for a long period of time .
i was hopeful this soap would help my son s acne .
i have never given such a low review to any product i have ever purchased .
i wasn t expecting much since i know most of these plastic eggs are cheap .
only use this product if the game is so badly scratched that it is unplayable .
halo combat evolved is the most overhyped game i ve ever encountered .
the kitchen aid attachment is really more trouble than it s worth .
this is the worst coffee pot i have ever owned .
took them to our nice little shoe repair man who told us that they were not even worth repairing .
they ve been telling lies to us consumers for some time .
this is sadly not a good web browsing phone .
first ,  this thing does not come apart ,  so you can t clean it .
they probably are better designed for women with smaller hips and derrieres .
i would not recommend this product at all unless you enjoy hard plastic and foot odor .
i had to return this product because it didn t fit my dog .
but the cost to produce this must be about num_num cents ,  if that .
the younger girls will definitely not be able to use this .
this product arrived in a condition that was not acceptable .
i easily give num_num stars but this was an absolute waste of time .
just kept getting worse until the trigger snapped off . i would not purchase this again and do not recommend it .
also ,  right now ,  i would not recommend buying it at amazon .
the other not so great thing is that this screen protector scratches .
then making the clicking sound that so many hundreds of others have complained about .
i have thin ,  light hair ,  and would not recommend this to others .
i would never give this to an elderly person or anyone without quick reflexes .
the first time i used it ,  half of the litter got out of the box .
i would not recommend this bluetooth !  the sound quality is poor ,  and very uncomfortable to wear .
at this point i m just glad that the eyelashes i started with didn t fall out .
i did not like this product ,  and will not buy it again .  review of jason apricot deodorant stick  .
this item is not what you see advertised .
do not believe what you read about this product .
that being said ,  the difference in calories seems to be minimal .
if you have trouble clicking the screen rather than the top or need a tripod mount ,  go for it .
though this has never been seen in a star fox game ,  that s all there was in this game .
they couple together and die off !  what !  ?  !  ?   same deal with final fantasy xiii .
bought num_num pair for a num_num day trip overseas and never even took them .
this is the very last time i will ever purchase a playstation port over to the pc .
the scent of this product is very offensive to me .
this router seemed to have everything for very little money .
it is hard to handle the phone with cover coming off .
after about num_num hours the underwire started to poke under my arms .
the phone has some good features such as a sound boost button ,  but they re poorly executed .
this is the first time i have seen this type of discrepancy .
i bought this to keep my japanese spitz occupied ,  no good .
sorry that you are less than pleased with this kiss product .
but as suspected ,  i can t wash anything with this stuff to get it clean .
the sites are awesome ,  but they were advertised for gen num_num glock num_extend which is wrong .
unfortunately ,  besides motorola num_extend and num_extend the other bluetooth headphones are not suitable for active sports .
just like other reviewers ,  i have had mine now for just over num_num months .
another num_num days later only num_num came in the mail packaged the same way .
the heater itself worked fine until it just cut off and never came back on .
however ,  they haven t peeled in quite a while ,  until i put this product on .
i guess the customer is of no concern to them so won t be ordering from them again .
this said heavy duty .  . compared to what i don t know .
coffee automatic burr mill grinder to replace this one .
i wasn t thrilled with this product at all .
this razor cut about num_num percent of my beard growth .
it would work for a short while and the noises would begin again .
this was definitely not true to size !  i could not even get it clasped much less wear it .
these aren t even worth the plastic they are made with .
the plastic used is just too cheap and brittle . i m glad i only paid $
its weird ,  ive ordered this product before and didnt have a lumpy mess like this stuff .
nice in design but whomever manufactured it ,  used the lowest quality materials .
this belt is very thin with possibly cheap material .
these would not work ,  nor would they work replacing them with the older ones i have .
there is simply something wrong ,  mechanically with the product ,  and i will have to return it .
i called the company back and they re sending out another new base .
the colors of this scarf are pretty ,  but it is made of very cheap material .
i think they should put a notice or something on the package .
however ,  i just can t recommend this product based on lack of results .
i was expecting much more than ffvii quality than this ,  and i got num_extend
i wasn t that impressed with the shoes ,  anyway .
i have zeroed this scope many ,  many times ,  and it will not hold to the settings .
i have never been able to pick up any sw station .
if you are trying espresso for the first time ,  this grinder will only leave you frustrated .
this phone was so basic ,  it was little more than a thin calculator .
every time you swipe your finger its like you are squeezing grease on it .
it does not come with the attachments that is needed to do the job .
unfortunately ,  i will not be able to purchase this product again .
this is my second can of  the switch  that i m reviewing under the amazon vine program .
just threw out a full batch of once delicious homemade yogurt ruined by this thing .
maybe i am not very experienced with this ,  or did not read up on the product more .
this is not made in europe or usa per search criteria; it is made in israel ,  usa and china .
given the high price of this product ,  i am extremely disappointed ,  if not angry .
at least not in any year past num_extend on any system greater than maybe gamecube .
also ,  the lotion looks like soapy water when being dispensed .
this product seems like it should be of good quality however i could never get them to connect .
again ,  i ve been to num_num different stores and all of this toy that i ve tried didn t ernie work well .
they were so cheap that if they had lasted a month or two they would have been worth it .
after less than num_num minutes of continued use ,  it overheats .
my hair s been relaxed for over num_num years so i forgot what grade my natural hair was .
i have used this and other types of vaseline body lotions and they cannot pass the kid pump test .
will not buy this item from amazon again .
hand made lace and pearl green hard case cover for iphone num_num num_extend num_extend not a fan .
like others here have said ,  it falls apart very easily .
i guess i ll join the legions of other reviewers who will attest that this product is junk .
these r not anti glare screenprotectors period !  they r just the reg clear screen protectors .
i wouldn t recommend tomato ,  or cream based sauces ,  they do not work very well with that .
i used this product for over num_num months .
i have tried whole foods num_num mayo and this spectrum canola mayo .
compared to other conditioners that actually work for my hair ,  this one is very thin .
when i bought this i did not realize it would be soaked in silicone .
i would not spend $ on this or any other hair spray of this size in the future !  !  !  .
it gets all over your pillowcases and your boyfriend will never want to touch your face at night .
and then after about num_num months it just stopped working altogether .
the citron color is some kind of puke yellow ,  much more mustard than the photo shows .
if you settle for this film you are going to possibly compromise your photo shot .
not sure that i ordered this item ?  if i did ,  i must not have received them just as yet .
this is a piece of junk ,  it looks bad and doesn t do anything hence it is a bumper .
disappointed in good grips first time a product from them didn t work .
i didn t like this beef jerky much ,  especially the texture .
i used it for the first time in a green bean casserole on thanksgiving .
this is an automatic starter ,  but if you have less than num_num oz you have to do it manually .
problematic in the design of this coffee maker is the reusable filter setup .
i purchased this carpet cleaner less than a month ago ,  and have cleaned the carpets only once .
unlike any dollar store nail clipper ,  this clipper will simply not cut nails .
it does fit nice so i gave it num_num stars ,  but bad opening for my phone will be costly .
how the hell did they win for best customer service a couple years ago ?  i don t see it .
i contacted the seller about a week ago concerning these issues ,  and i have received no response .
i ll never purchase or recommend these to anyone .
plus ,  since my wife is the primary user of this machine ,  she found that to be annoying .
i needed to speak with three customer reps to get it working again after num_num months of use .
this may seem trivial if all you re looking for is a num_extend patch cable .
running around seems hard and i think the plot is just about the worst for any game ever made .
sorry but i tried to be positive and tried all different methods .
i bought this item two weeks ago ,  and it was not what i expected from it .
will not purchase again should have brought from a local store .
my bumps got worse after using this kit for a few days only .
this bra runs about num_num cup sizes smaller than it is advertised .
this is not a good product for that .
i bought num_num of these and they both stopped working within about a month .
i did not think that it covered anything or did anything good on my face or under my foundation .
after num_num years of minimal use the battery has completely died .
i m so so so disappointed with this product .
so ,  for my dogs ,  i switched to this very expensive advantix ii about num_num months ago .
like another reviewer stated ,  it is like gum powder .
at least they could have tried to send a third one ,  but whatever .
i am used to unscented products but nothing like this .
the white rim got dirty very fast and it was not easy to clean .
i bought this for my iphone num_num gsm and don t know why but it doesn t fit very well .
as anyone that truly suffers from migraines knows ,  it can be very difficult to find any type of remedy .
i have had these for about num_num months now .
it looks and feels cheaply made ,  and i don t expect it to last very long .
these were not that sticky and they were as thin as they could be .
i have no idea what the point of this was ,  or why they wasted time with it .
i would say my sex was much better before this product .
i guess i would recommend this product but it had no use to my hair .
had i written this review immediately ,  it would have gotten num_num stars .
i ve had the case little over a month . obviously ,  i m not the only one with this issue .
this feeder just hung in the garden with no birds using it .
to clarify ,  this screen protector is not designed for the tmobile version of the samsung galaxy ii s .
we had to put duct tape on the tabs that have it stand up because they weren t working .
that was the only thing that stop me from ordering the stock the first time .
i dl d and tried installing it a variety of times with dl s from different servers all over the world .
but in fairness to me ,  this was last year before i forbit myself from every watching dr .
i m very disappointed that this product has such a big flaw .
i tried this tea several times just to make sure it wasn t a bad tea bag .
it is safe to say i will not purchase again .
the scent was weak and what little of it there was didn t last very long at all .
however ,  this pair is very disappointing and i ll have to return them .
sorry if my previous review persuaded someone to purchase this item .
it took num_num days after i stopped using this for my eyes to get back to normal .
a year later the new one wouldn t work and gave the same error code .
i was hoping that i could get the high quality ones through amazon ,  but not so .
is it just me or is there something wrong with this scenario .
i was looking for something that was more realistic looking .
instead i have a flea infested dog :  he must have over num_num fleas .
recently i started using it again ,  for about num_num weeks straight .
bizarre . the only thing that keeps me from rating this as a one star product is the the $ price .
i just bought this and my dog has no interest in this at all .
the only thing complete about  enter the matrix  is that it s a complete mess .   yes ,  it is .
you will find that your hands and knuckles will be all bruised ,  since they provide very little protection .
again ,  not needed as the glock num_num has plenty of grip even for large hands .
being diabetic ,  i m sure that i shouldn t be taking this because either of those may spike my blood sugar .
i wanted to like it ,  but i m just very frustrated with this device .
if this unit had been used daily ,  you might expect such a loss of battery power .
i used it for less then num_num weeks and it just stop working .
meh  . this is not terrible coffee ,  just not worth the trouble .
i have worn the same size pants since high school  i m now in my late num_extend
the only thing that is there in abudance is the spice .
bottom line  :  i do not recommend this brush .
the long load times really take away from the games and just makes the whole thing a bad experience .
given the other glowing reviews of this product ,  maybe i got a bad batch or something .
problem is ,  both lasted about num_num months ,  than just stopped making coffee .
the battery life doesn t last even if you charge it all day .
very num_extend this doesn t taste at all like an acai pomegranate drink .
unfortunately ,  that appears to be the weakness of this type of coffee maker .
this seems like false advertising to me ,  since those juices are clearly not as appealing .
after doing some reading online it looks like this has something to do with ir .
i seriously question this as i have never seen this product in the store .
like all of otterbox s cases the bottom charging port cover never lasts .
our previous glasses  name brand unknown  never had issues like this .
they work fine for about a year then they stop working .
less than num_num inches away ,  i set one of these comparatively expensive num_extend traps with exactly the same bait .
not the most comfortable things i ve ever had on my head ,  but not the worst by far .
this is not really a good version of mk num_num to buy .
i just bought this game for gamerscore and wow was it a bad game .
instead you have to select the customer service path on the phone tree .
he didn t pull very hard but it was enough to make him not want to go forward .
this is the worst product !  !  !  it cuts out every other second .
ultimately returned because the grips i received did not have the same contour of the glock num_num handle .
the weebles are very heavy ,  so if they are tossed they will hurt someone .
this wasn t a successful product for me and i still have not finished the first package .
will not order again as this is the second year this has happened .
don t be fooled by that !  this bra is not for plus sized women with larger busts .
was hoping more from this product ,  i have other products that lasted me years so far .
several years back ,  consumer reports not only rated this blender a  best buy ,   it was rated the no .
it stopped being used much after the first week .
just used these once and they do not have the same issue .
my foot .  .  . if you have any kinds of allergic or sensitivity to scents put this product back .
this fan seems like a good idea ,  but it s design causes it to become clogged with dust .
returned this item because it does not fit the burners on my gas range .
i have been using mary kay s yellow base concealer under my dermablend concealer to neutralize the dark circles .
they felt nice on but again ,  just knew after one wash they would not fit so i returned them .
it is supposed to be a deterrent for squirrels who sit on the bar because they weigh too much .
have had my dvd num_num for num_num years now and i m extremely disappointed with it .
do yourself a favor and dont bother buying this game .
the directions that came with the watch are useless .
sometimes ,  you get what you pay for ,  and that is exactly what happened to me .
i was really hoping this would be better .
however ,  today that extension cable wore off as well .
i feel alone and depressed after looking forward to using this product .
we received this mandoline as a christmas gift ,  so we cannot return it without risking hurt feelings .
i knew i was taking a chance with this considering how cheap it was .
so this was not a great product and the reviews never mentioned this .
these pirates were very small and cheap looking .
they will not play with it let alone take it to bed with them to cuddle .
this cable will not work with the brother num_extend
in short ,  the num_extend horizontal stand has no practical use whatsoever . so is it a completely pointless product ?  not quite .
this case does not fit right and the holes do not line up with the buttons well at all .
i said i like the game !  i just don t think they should keep it at this price point .
have had my dog on this for over num_num months and have not seen any difference .
my dog destroyed this in about num_num days .
honestly the only thing i like about this toy is that we call it a foxtopus .
not a good idea for someone with adrenal fatigue .
the screen protector is thinner than usual and sticky which made it overly difficult to put it on .
i have been trying to play this game but it won t let me .
do not buy this mouse to use on vista !  it is not supported with all its features on vista .
also for the price of this set i really feel they should have included labels .
after doing a little web research i found they pretty much just don t make them how they used to .
to say that the eneloop works better would be too much like telling the truth .
will not be repurchasing this product ,  but seriously considering the nyx version .
i m sorry to say that i just wasn t that impressed with this infused water .
this stuff is no better than any ten percent benzoyl peroxide you can buy at walmart .
these brushes are good looking but very cheap .
i will never buy blades again from an online seller .
i mean every fried egg turned into scrambled egg every time .
i ve never had a problem with cracked eggs before ,  but since using this gizmo :  i get cracked eggs .
this isn t a remote control ,  it s a toy that belongs with the likes of little tikes .
he s not a fan of catnip ,  so that may have something to do with it .
not completely unpleasant ,  but not pleasant . but more important than the tactile feel of the confection is the taste .
i should have sent it back and will never order this again .
i received this product and it looks like a total knock off .
please do not be influenced by this review ,  i simply did not like the taste of it .
based on the reviews ,  i bought num_num of these as gifts .
i have had better experience wit other brands like systane gel or genteal ointment .
i was very disappointed with the product when i first saw it out of the box .
they rip again when i remove them from the garbage can .
based on other reviews i had at least moderate expectations for this game .
this created the most annoying motor sound i have ever heard .
some complain that the phones don t go as deep in the ears as they want for better insulation .
first it shut off in less than a half hour .
first off this review is just about the loader ,  not the supplier .
this phone is simply outdated by today s standard num_extend
i was eager to recieve it but after num_num calls to amazon customer service it never arrived .
i have tried to use them about num_num times ,  since i bought a num_num pack .
he s almost num_num now and still has not put them to much use .
this product does not do what anything that the commercials say that it will do .
i ve used this product years ago getting it from walmart .
the fluval foam pads that i m using have lasted num_num months  .
i followed the instructions to the tee ,  however this battery didn t work any better than the original .
this is my second bad experience with optical mouse .
i would stay away from this product as it is very very over rated .
however ,  this was not upto the quality that i expected .
product probably does what it is supposed to do but wasn t my cats issue .
i ve been cooking for many years and i ve never seen a stainless steel pot do this .
made my hair kind of greasy ,  which is the exact opposite of what i was hoping for .
these num_num have helped to dull my cravings and curb my appetite .
i wish i would have listened to the num_num star reviews .
i must agree with the other shopper who found this unit damaging his discs .
the only thing that fixes the problem is to power down the router .
overall i would not recommend this to anyone .
according to the earlier reviews ,  amazon still hasn t changed its advertising on this item .
for one ,  this product is built very cheap .
i have a large cutting board ,  so when i saw these they seemed tiny .
i bought this for my autistic son because of all of the great reviews but i don t get it .
i ve tried several brands ,  but hadn t tried this one .
i used num_num package and didn t like this texture it made with the cabbage .
morrowind is the most boring one i have ever played .
polk ought to be ashamed to have their name on this product .
and after trying one of these jumps over and over and over ,  you finally get frustrated and give up .
i was surprised that a panasonic product would be this defective .
i agree with other reviewers that said the product was fine but that the packaging sucked .
i had a particularly expensive item that would grow every time i selected it .
maybe they don t get that in offshore customer service .
i can choke it down so its edible and price wasn t bad but not buying this product again .
this case totally didn t fit my phone well .
couldn t even get network stations with this thing .
they came in a weird japanese bag with no directions .
i have no clue on how this game got so many good reviews over the years .
they arrived num_num days ago and today one dinner plate has a long chunk chip off the side .
this thing will mess up your water coolant pump .
that is what i am doing ,  however ,  i wasn t impressed with their customer service .
i like my pants really long ,  and these are not long at all .
i m sorry i wasted my money on this product .
i was very disappointed in this crate  which i bought at a local feed store  .
my results were so much darker than i had expected .
this is the only piece of kitchen aid equiptment that i have ever been disapointed with .
not even at the discount price is this product worth the time ,  effort or shipping .
also ,  they say the colors will vary ,  but all num_num bugs that came were green .
i have been using rechargeable electric razors all my life .
i will be giving it to someone else and hope they have more luck with it .
so ,  i used this initially when i first got an aquarium because someone else told me they used it .
husband usually buys this size but this product did not fit and was too tight .
i bought this for my num_num year old son but ended up returning it .
these are super thin ,  and do not seem like they d offer a lot of protection .
if you have a screen protector on your phone ,  this case will surely ruin it .
even though it looks just like the original ,  it charges super slowly .
they have little support ,  are flimsy ,  and look cheap .
although i love sony ,  the playstation ,  and sony products ,  i fail to see the value in this device .
you have no real choices in who you ally yourself with and who you attack .
i would have to have it sit a certain way and eventually it just stopped altogether .
this is a product i will never buy again and i have told friends and family the same .
i actually ordered this not seeing that it was green tea .
this pusher sleeve does not fit my food processor even though the description indicated that it would .
rent it ,  or better yet ,  just play num_extend on the num_extend and forget this even exists .
i don t find it particularly easy to fill either ,  as it s tough to screw back together once opened .
i do not recommend these lighter weight ones without the strap ,  they sure didn t last long !  .
so this was my third pair of bluetooth headsets and it s the third one that fails my usability tests .
i think the boys played with this for about num_num weeks then it was done .
if that would have stayed on i would have given it num_num out of num_num stars .
i just don t trust my babies with this .
i feel that this unit runs way too hot and ,  as a result ,  is burnt out prematurely .
while this product may be good for some it did not work for me .
the section that holds the brush became unglued from the bottom portion of the tube .
the cleanser lotions i have been using are :  la mer ,  laura mercier ,  chanel ,  shu uemura ,  liz earl .
i moved the trap several more times with the same results .
i have bought somewhere between num_num and num_num headsets over the last num_num yrs .
this was the main reason i ditched it after two days of testing with a newer phone system .
updated review ,  three months later : i had to lower my rating from num_num stars to num_num stars .
covered ok ,  but no better than the flesh tone with green and pink flecks in it .
note i have no problems with any other num_extend games i own .
so skip the otterbox step and save some money .
i would not recommend this particular kind for that reason .
we should have been the perfect target audience ,  but unfortunately ,  we were very disappointed .
the item that i received was samsung galaxy num_extend hercules .
also ,  it doesn t dissolve properly ,  and the temperature of the water you add doesn t seem to make much difference .
with that in mind ,  this product failed to live up to any of my expectations .
what i really do not like about it is that water and coffee drip everywhere .
i can say ,  with certainty ,  that the mice snacking on my garden have zero interest in this product .
i purchased this product because of the reviews however i was very disappointed .
this truly is about the worst product i have ever purchased .
i still can t believe that !  if i rented it first ,  no way would i have bought it !  .
at this price ,  it s just just way too expensive .
p . cassidyi ordered this on the num_extend from a seller less than num_extend from my home .
they feel cheaply made and are just bigger than the size of my hand .
the pedals were shipped quickly so i had nothing to complain about .
other than that ,  i would have just thrown them away .
at first i thought it was lipton in a different package ,  but that would be insulting lipton .
if i was buying a whole swing set ,  i wouldn t need this !  !  very unhappy with this purchase .
i wouldn t recommend this toy to anyone with kids over age num_extend
maybe for a very young pup ,  under num_num months otherwise don t think will last .
don t even remember why anymore because i could not keep it on for more than num_num seconds .
i don t know why this product gets such great reviews .
try explaining that to a num_num year old . i would not recommend them .
i did mix this product with my aquafor as well . i should say too  , this product is very hard .
this pink switcheasy case for iphones is not that great to look at .
when i opened the box ,  it was a piece of wire with cardboard at each end .
i hope i don t damage the phone doing this .  .  .   .
we will never use another gf flour from brm again because their food safety is just not strict enough .
i m sorry ,  back door sports ,  but this one was a huge miss with my family .
for shoes that say made in the usa ,  i expected better craftmanship .
i m not happy with this game at all .
for the price i expected a much better product .
good case but bulky and too tight on the phone .
this is the second one i have bought ,  thinking it was a fluke with the first .
it s like a mouthful of sawdust that just disintegrates when you bite into it .
it lasts far longer than clean ride and doesn t wash off as easily .
i must have had a dozen people tell me they could hardly hear me in num_num days of use .
i have only popped it once and there were a lot of unpopped kernels .
it doesn t compare to dryel which i have never had a problem with .
at least that will not be an issue with this feeder !  anyway ,  on to the num_extend
i am not very happy with this purchase .
turn the sheath upside down and the knife falls out .
these books take up so much space on the reader ,  you can t fit hardly anything else .
i don t know what else to say about them .
there was more space on either side of the toilet paper than there was on the last roll .
jabra has seemed to take the best headset i have ever used and totally lost the noise cancelling feature .
i have gone through lots and lots of trimmers over the years for shaving my head .
i would return this set ,  but it s too much of a hassle with amazon .
i did not find these almonds very fresh or tasty .
i noticed no difference than when i didn t take them .
like many other reviews ,  this product did not work ,  brand new right out of the box .
i thought by going the more expensive route i would be getting a better quality item .
it shipped separately from the rest of my order and took an extra long time to arrive .
this broke the first time we took it out for our child to play with .
i use this remote with the num_extend the remote works ,  then it goes on strike .
the pieces are simply too large to work well with this design .
i have owned this product for num_num months .
also it s absolutely not worth that $  used  price tag it holds .
at first i loved this ,  but it has almost completely fallen apart .
one of the worst items i have ever purchased .
i m ordering a new foreman grill and it will not have removable plates .
i have been using a covered litter box .
the taste is terrible !  no ginger taste left ,  not happy with the product at all any more .
the build quality is less than i expected and feels really shabby .
however ,  i also didn t play either game with hd cables on an hdtv .
even at num_num months no one wanted to play with it .
this is horrible !  !  !  !  my baby doesnt have a sensitive skin .
i d much rather deal with a cord than struggle with this b and d abomination .
this product does not work exactly how lucas says it does .
i received some of this for christmas many years ago and i hated it .
the plastic is too flexible to produce an even slice every time .
if i continue with this hobby i will look for a cheaper alternative .
spend a little more money and get something with more power .
i wanted it for the fact that it is suppose to smell like almonds .
it looks like the cheapest set of rings i have ever seen .
chose the two star rating  i don t like it  because these headphones would not stay on my head .
i purchased this lenmar battery ,  and after charging plugged it into my camera .
i would strongly recommend that people do not waste their money on this game .
i ve got walmart squeeker toys over num_num years old .
these yaktrax were purchased to use on a vacation in the mountains in the winter .
this game ignored everything it could have learned from halo .
i ordered these for refills because it was more fpr a cheaper price .
if you have sensitive skin or know you are sensitive to methylisothiazolinone ,  i would recommend avoiding this product .
now i have to find another cleanser that can get rid of the zits this gave me .
it kind of makes me feel like the whole thing is dirty .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i must admit i was disappointed with this product .
unfortunately ,  a crappy mic ,  and poor durability make this a lousy product .
this model has to be the worse electric brush i ve ever owned .
i ve had mine for num_num years and now i m down to just two of the serving pieces .
i just wanted to add my voice to those who felt that the battery life was insufficient .
i like conair but this product was a waste of money .
the mounting points wore down and became useless after less than num_num rounds .
so upset that the color is totally different than shown .
i will have to try another type next time .
i doubt that this toy will last long .
this case will do nothing to protect your phone .
i bought two of these for my rabbits and they had no interest in the bed .
my hair got dry and frizzy after using this product for a few weeks .
they claim the beans are the same even though the packaging changed but i don t believe it .
either they changed the formula or it was never that good to begin with .
that s much too much credit for it !  this broke the second time i used it .
the kids weren t impressed so that pretty much tells the story .
this popcorn popper is supposed to cook num_num cups .
this kracker had me hooked when i first started buying them ,  but they have really gone downhill .
this is easily the lowest rating i ve ever given any item on amazon .
you have maybe num_num variety of missions which you must do before getting on with this story .
i bought this about a week ago and the dvd player works poorly .
i would recommend this item but don t buy them here !  .
however ,  some time after i started using this water station ,  my cat started peeing outside her litter box .
if your rv weighs over num_num pounds ,  these will warp and give way under the weight .
it was as if my body didn t like what was just put in it .
i must admit ,  i wasn t that impressed with the leather quality either .
this pitcher arrived in a hundred broken glass pieces because it was not properly packaged .
the letter does not stay long enough on the screen that they can see the finished letter .
unless you don t like them that much ,  you might not want to give these to anyone . pass on these .
i have used this on my nano ipod .
i used this thinking i wasn t going to see results over night ,  even though that s the claim .
it took about num_num hours . my last review ,  i gave my genesis num_num stars .
there should be an option that allows one to permanently set this output num_extend
see photo added to listingthis is the weirdest pumpkin i have ever seen .
i bought num_num of these because my cats and i have decimated the previous ones .
the first thing that discouraged me was the list of really unhealthy ingredients .
so it s not that terrific . i m sorry but this  vitamin burst  didn t improve anything .
in that case avoid this game ,  because the fighting style is basically the same .
ear piece is crap ,  sound isn t great ,  overall she s not at all happy with it .
i thought num_extend evolution would be better than the normal num_extend but i was wrong .
i wouldn t recommend it for anyone with thinning ,  dry ,  frizzy hair .
if you wear a pair of sorel winter boots ,  these socks won t work as well as you might expect .
my my how time changes things . i rated this product num_num stars ,  and that is due to the noise level .
i think this was the biggest waste of money .
this is a pointless game with very little story .
then num_num months later the same problem over again .
this set is way smaller than what i expected .
be careful what they add as accessories as they may not work with the model you order .
this the second tagless fotl boxer briefs i ve ever owned .
i was disappointed with this watch when it arrived ,  despite the positive reviews i read before purchase .
this is the most foul tasting thing i have ever had .
first ,  the case looks almost nothing like the picture .
had i realized that the contents were this mushy ,  i never would have bought a case of it .
well this thing is so low a sound level and the quality not good that i m sending them back .
played this for about num_num minutes and found very little to actually do but navigate around the train .
that what i get for buying a cheap knockoff product from hong kong .
probably won t be ordering these in the future .
the quality of this product is beyond poor .
the charger that came with the phone charged about num_extend as fast from the same dc outlet .
if i could just lift the lid and push the beans down ,  that would be no problem .
i recently took one last shot at it and spent many hours with not so great tech support .
also ,  i haven t been able to successfully connect two phones at the same time .
i will not be wasting my money on this again .
it is easier to use a tablespoon of plain yogurt as your starter rather than this product .
i ordered ,  and thought i would receive a genuine bower brand ring; however ,  that is not what i received .
this makes the unit tilt downward with gravity working to pull it out of the wall socket .
if i was having issues removing my lenses with my hands ,  then this was simply far worse .
even when i open this filter to clean it i can tell that it has very poor performance .
another issue is that the download will not record when using software from a well known site .
this product is nothing but a piece of junk .
i read a few bad reviews ,  and after having bought this item ,  i decided to stay away .
hey you get what you pay for ,  and for less than $ that is exactly what get .
this particular case never snapped fully upon arrival .
not even close !  !  ! this thing is pure garbage ,  period .
this is for sure the absolute worst item i ve ever bought from amazon .
my main complaint is that this is not sturdy enough to hold even half of it s stated capacity .
this product was not usable or even helpful .
however ,  there are a few problems that i had with this robe .
i was looking forward to trying this beverage mix .
i could have gotten them locally this size a lot cheaper .
i really don t mid flossing but using this kind is a huge chore .
i ordered this for my nephew ,  who only ever wants gift cards for any birthday or christmas .
would agree with other reviewers that this is a waste of time and money .
without upgrading the app ,  this unit is basically useless to anyone using current software on android devices .
a stainless rack would be just as cheap to them ,  but would look so much better .
all this is is a few drops of weak ,  not very good coffee ,  with extra caffeine added .
i allowed the plastic to cool for about num_num minutes assuring it wouldn t be soft .
you think i d learn .  .  . i got no extra fullness or body from this product .
i really did not think this made the granite look better and it looked like it left water marks .
i guess it s ok for popping the kernels ,  but here ,  too ,  nothing to write home about .
might have to stick with ordering shoes from zappos if amazon doesn t let me swap these .
it wasn t worth it to us to replace this part after being frustrated with this product for so long .
i have been experimenting with different biological filter starters and so far this one is the worst of them .
spend a little more money and get a better set .
if i had to do it all over again i would not purchase this item .
they are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with .
i used this charger everyday to charge my droid phone .
i am giving this a num_extend rating due to cuisinart s lack of accurate information about their products .
it does not work with milk because too sweet .
i m trying to keep her from scratching and prowling around places she doesn t belong ,  not me .
i have not used this polish for just a french tip .
i returned it . i would have given it num_num stars because that s what it is ,  and average tent .
i  stuck  with it for about num_num years .
sometime more mean lease bad purchase on this item .
this will not come close to taking a num_num round clip for an ak .
however my first taste was disappointing .  .  . the fizziness is underwhelming .  .  . much more  alka seltzer  type fizzy than sparkling water .
that s the only reason i was generous with num_num stars .
by the time i received the product ,  it was no longer needed .
i reviewed this licorice several months ago and gave it num_num stars .
each time i try to turn on my light ,  i have to go through extra steps to do so .
i recently purchased this item to replace a dying mouse .
they should clearly indicate that this will not work with the remington num_num express forend .
but the paper included with this item is extra thin and constantly rips .
he started playing with this toy less than num_num hours ago .
i bought this for my daughter to use in media at school and she hated it .
this muzzle is flimsy plastic ,  and the straps don t tighten securely .
they wind up everywhere and none of us are quite sure what to do with them .
the dueling tree seemed like a good idea ,  but it just didn t work .
if you respond well to salicylic acid ,  this product is probably not what you need .
first time i ve had a fail with a ka product .
until they fix the coating issue ,  this gets a num_num star from me .
the puzzles are a bit bothersome at times ,  but nothing to complain about .
after having this cd player for about num_num months ,  it started switching itself on at random times .
was very shocked with how small these were .
i took a closer look and realized that this item came with only num_num piston .
apple claims num_num hours ,  but i didn t find that any of the four units lasted that long .
this product is very cheaply made and does not even rate in my book as toy quality .
if i could give it num_num stars ,  i would but amazon s lowest rating is num_num star .
i like the look of this shoe but it is an awful fit .
i agree with the other reviewers who say this was a big disappointment .
and have found that nothing really seems to work ,  even zink .
i like the case but the other things in the kit just weren t what i had expected .
i really do not understand how this item got such high reviews .
i just got done playing mario num_num which looks to be an exact port from the num_extend
i m very disappointed in the quality of this product .
if i wanted neon glow in the dark bands that is what i would have searched for .
i like some of lelo s other products ,  but this one is a total waste of money .
the don t have the bridge to so they can t be used as tips .
not sure what was in this but it made both my dogs sick and they can eat anything .
the cable appears to be well made but is useless unless you re connecting to sony .
this product looks like a hit or miss depending on your injury .
where are all these people going anyways ?  they just run around and act hysterical ,  doesn t make much sense .
when you don t actually have them on . needless to say ,  i returned these and went with something else .
but ,  mk num_num wasn t really that good of a game to begin with .
unfortunately ,  i did not read the amazon reviews before buying this router  from another source  .
like many others have said ,  this is instant coffee ,  not only that but it is terrible instant coffee .
this had nothing to do with the leaks ,  but more to do with bad cuisinart engineering .
i expected the same simple quality in this coffee pot . my biggest disappointment with this product is the carafe .
i have used num_num boxes of these  yes ,  literally num_num boxes  and i have had no success whatsoever .
the only good thing i found was that the wireless system had a distance of like num_num feet .
we have had this problem with a handful of crayola markers .
that being said ,  it only took about num_num minutes of play to realize that this game is ridiculously difficult .
i gave these num_num star only because num_num stars is not an option .
no i would not recommend this item to anyone at the cost you offer .
returned item ,  so nothing to say about it . like ,  really ,  nothing more to say about it . nothing .
they come in a clear bag of squished figures which are all stuck together and look like wilted salad .
however this i can say is definitely not worth my time playing it .
i tried on saucony but went with asics a year ago that i purchased at an area store .
i gave num_num stars because the color is great ,  but beyond that i would not purchase this item again .
as i am a new galaxy owner ,  i guess i really didn t know what to expect .
this german bread product does not taste like american rye bread .
i purchased this from my local pet store ,  not amazon .
you still have to make due with only four moves not six or five ,  but only four moves .
this thing only lasted a couple of months .
the first thing that i purchased at amazon that i absolutely hated .
maybe when they re older than num_num or num_extend
i found this toy very lacking and not worth the money .
this thing is humongous !  it takes up too much space .
this adapter would not output a signal to a samsung num_extend monitor .
i ve had mine for about num_num months and now the picture jumps as it seems the tape is dragging .
i have tried so many of these hair colors and it s just not working .
and it is definitely not worth the price !  .
i will not try this again and am back to shaving .
i m coming from a galaxy nexus mounted on a samsung dash mount to an num_extend mounted with this .
if you are trying to lose weight or gain muscle mass ,  this product is not going to help .
other users have warned about these things ,  and if i d read them ,  i would ve skipped this one over .
it doesn t seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar .
i have been looking for a lotion to help repair the intense damage ,  and so i tried this .
i am perimenopausal and have been for over a year .
she tore though it after num_num minutes and it is ruined ans useless .
took about num_num minutes of that frustration to get it back into the box and back to the store .
i tried two different sizes and neither fit appropriately for me .
this power supply could hardly charge my fiancee s iphone num_extend
you put num_num aa batteries  not included  into the remote ,  then plug the remote into the car .
this is a big ,  big minus . i do not recommend this item .
you can t really dip these in milk because they fall apart .
if i save even one person from this disappointment ,  the review will have been worth it .
i ve had the num_extend for over num_num months now and it s never been reliable .
i would never recommend this to any serious coffee drinker .
i ve tried other products from this company that worked .
my num_num year old doesn t play with this .
my cats have been eating welness chicken recipe for quite some time .
i don t understand how this product can have those reviewsxoxo .
i thought perhaps it had overheated ,  but still does not work after num_num days of trying it .
when i received this item it was packaged with the wrong power cord ,  which didn t fit the unit .
i was hoping this light would be what i was looking for but it was not .
however ,  after using it for several months ,  i ve come to hate this device .
i m worried that i could get a uti from the scent if i wear them .
they worked fine for about a year then just crapped out .
to me ,  the smell coming from this product is so strong that it s unacceptable .
i wouldn t buy this product if i were to do it again .
if someone s killed ,  they just have to wait patiently for the game to end .
you just know that off to the side ,  someone s got a gun pointed at his head .
i have been using lots and lots of bertolli oil for long time .
i had the coffee maker about num_num months before it died .
if it weren t for the contorted sole this would have been a great shoe .
sadly ,  i bought two boxes so they d have more pieces to play with .
i don t get these num_num star reviews unless they have dull taste buds or stock in the company .
i have a num_num honda shadow and this will not fit over the disk brakes .
even at the lowest setting ,  this fan sounds like an airplane is getting ready to take off .
i will not be purchasing more of these cords .
they don t stay on well ,  and do not provide pain relief .
if it turns out to be the plantronics num_extend i will update this review .
i dropped my num_extend many times  on cement  and it never showed a mark thanks to the speck .
i don t necessarily hate this ball but my dog never ever picked it up or played with it .
for a product that use regular batteries ,  the battery door is the most difficult to open .
don t buy that cheap and i would stay away from this brand .
the batteries that are shipped with it were already dead on arrival as well .
after reading all the positive reviews on this product ,  i was excited to try it out .
i will never buy from this company again .
you ll be rubbing your thumbs together more than anything else .
i purchased this item and was excited to get them ,  but burning my first dvds .
the box isn t really any easier to clean than a regular litter box .
the leather is not of great quality for the steep price .
a somewhat smart person could finish this game in about num_num hours maybe less .
either by a poor decription ,  or confusing pictures by amazon ,  i ordered this case for an iphone num_extend
but this product wasn t it . i m still getting over the  yuck  factor after taking the gloves off my hands .
as far as cleaning ,  i wasn t impressed and that s what i really bought this item for .
i would give this a num_num star rating if the pans were not scratched .
this product was on sale ,  so i bought in num_num pack to save money .
if your thinking about getting this ,  becuase of the review rating ,  think again .
they were used for a while but did not always work with the touch screen .
this curling wand does not get your hair to be super curly as i thought it would .
i ordered this for my num_num year old .
i would not reccommend this case .  .  . mine is in the trash !  .
i have gone through several of these and now have given up .
i would not recommend this brand at all .
i used the tripod less than num_num times before it fell .
i have to take extended intermissions to let the unit cool before it will play the dvd again .
this is a great style ,  but the quality is pathetic .
i used this religiously every night for about num_extend weeks .
way to little i didn t think they would b that tiny .
i was rudely told by the customer service rep that the filter broke because it was my fault .
i have num_num maltese dogs on which i used this .
this has got to be the worst made cable i ve ever purchased .
i bought these num_num lights to try before buying a num_num set .
the original ups battery lasted about num_num months .
so ,  i started using this product because i like other products from st .
the smaller boxes should have a smaller  footprint  but have sides ashigh as the jumbo ones .
i purchased the west bend num_num cordless water kettle num_num months ago .
this case was a total waste of money even at $
and i have tried it with two completely different brands of hair dryers .
i was so disappointed because i know that most cats love da bird .
im taking even when i wear a tank top  thick strapped  it is sticking out over my shirt .
i regret the money i spent in this mouse .
after num_num weeks the micro usb end of the cable broke again .
i m going to spend more money and get something i can have confidence in .
i being using levi s jeans for years now and every time i have problems with the size .
over the last num_num years i have tried every brand of carbon out there .
where s the pimp that is clearly missing from this toy set ?  .
here it is ,  april ,  num_num months after i bought it and i m still having problems .
well ,  i guess i will start with this complaint .
after reading the reviews on this site ,  i purchased a whole case of saucettes off of amazon . com .
they also say idebenol which is also another fraud .
a little more difficult for a num_num yr old to operate than i had anticipated .
you d think a company would want to look at such a thing to improve their product .
this was purchased as a birthday present for an num_num year old .
only buy this for dogs with puppy teeth .
this rubber case does not help protect your iphone nor does it look good .
i ve had this coffeemaker for several months now and i ve really come to dislike it .
other than that it worked ok i guess .
i just couldn t do it with this one .
horrible ,  horrible product that will dry out your curls and increase the frizz !  do not use this .
if that doesn t work then this product is waste of everyone s time .
my experience with this product was not effective in terms of providing moisture and improving the hair .
i must say i was not impressed with this purchase at all .
people who really need this functionality should look elsewhere .
it is very watered down just like the conditioner .
we used it about num_num times and are not satisfied .
my wife s parents purchased this webcam  year num_extend so they could skype with us .
these have some kind of glaze on them ,  which makes them resemble malt balls or something .
i have owned several sony camcorders and i guess quality at sony is going down .
but even then she couldn t stand to play with it for more than num_num minutes tops .
also they will notprotect your feet from sharp rocks or sharp objects .
it does not have much ,  if any ,  of an orange flavor ,  which is what happens when these age .
i just don t understand why a product such as this even exists .
i am not quite happy with the price .
this bowl is aesthetically pleasing ,  but material quality is lacking .
and yes ,  i have used them as they reportedly have a lubricant ,  which seems justified .
i cannot remember ever giving a num_num star rating .
i would say this is about num_num or num_num inches below my thigh bone .
this game has many things going for it ,  but i am not going to itemize those things .
i thought my dog would not know that the collar had broken ,  but he does .
ubi soft as a  feature  on their pc software that prevents installation from any drive with write capacity .
not really happy with the cleaning cloth they provided .
went through all num_num of them in about num_num weeks .
this is okay if you will just stand still but forget it if you want to move around .
i would not buy this jacket again and i would not recommend it for others .
after reordering i realized that this may also turn out to be a knockoff or reject .
i d already read reviews about jade cocoon num_extend so i knew it wouldn t be like the original .
it doesn t even snap together properly and offers about as much protection for your phone as saran wrap .
this clipper seemed like a great idea in concept ,  but that concept wasn t well executed ,  in my opinion .
i soaked it in some jewelry cleaner for about num_num minutes ,  which didn t really help .
this made my hair feel brittle ,  took away the shine and didn t even make my hair smell good .
the screw is not replaceable with something from your local hardware store either .
sadly ,  the have been used ,  so i can t even return them !  .
when i first opened the bottle ,  a chemically odor shocked my nostrils .
i d give them num_num stars if i could .
there is a continuous backround noise that is very annoying .
i would never order from this company again .
i agree with other reviewers .  .  . this mascara is a massive fail .
from the reviews ,  it looks like mac users have better luck with this than windows users .
both units are on their way back to amazon . com as i write this review .
they may have come around if i hadn t gotten tired of cleaning up leaked water .
this isn t worth the box it comes in if i could give it less than one star i would .
this toy is a piece of junk and i m so sorry i bought it for my daughter for christmas .
i am not saying the product does not work ,  it just does not work for me .
i will probably try again as i would like to have a working chinook .
i have been using the kerastase line for about num_num years .
this is not a deeply roasted or rich tasting coffee at all .
these would not even make my list; i would not recommend them at all .
i am so disappointed after spending almost $ on this product .
kitchenaid should have recalled this item a long time ago !  .
people will glare if you want to show them something on your phone .
they don t have the bitey espresso flavor that i remember .
i have other stainless steel rings which i wear all the time ,  and have never had this problem .
i actually thought this would be a great product ,  but it just seems to cheaply made .
the first one i did not care for and have the same response to this product .
also ,  the openings were too small to fit the phone in easily .
a design intended to fail . stay away from these .
this case gives abosolutly no protection from falls and drops .
i bought these for my son when he was about a year and he never cared for them .
but it was definitely not easy to clean .
spend the extra money on a better quality battery ,  i wish i had !  !  !  .
i would not only say don t but this bumper ,  but don t buy from this seller period .
it s never done very good with picking up debris off of the hardwood floors .
i would have paid an express exchange just to get the unit faster .
i have never been so let down for a video game before .
however ,  the way it is now ,  i wouldn t ever purchase this product again .
i can t say enough good things about them , however this appliance fails big time .
i wasn t very impressed with the look or feel ,  but really didn t care for the smell .
this was the worst screen protector i have ever bought .
simply heating the inside of the carafe with hot water was not enough .
invidious ,  as this headset is produced by the same company that produces the phone itself .
the package says teriyaki ,  but i got barely a hint of that flavor .
however ,  those that did get the rash have stated they will never have this applied again .
whhheeee .  save your money and spend it on a real serum like latisse or rapid lash or whatever .
spend the extra money and get something with more power and a better design .
they actually feel really hard after applied to y face ,  and don t hold as well as they should .
didn t likethe outlines they didn t really look good .
this game ,  is one of the worst sims games that i have played .
this product is bad it calculates your money like the government dose they never get it right .
although repaired ,  still have the same problem . not for people with large living space .
make me look orange not a fan art all ,  suits on counter not being used .
i was not very satifiedy with this product .
the current toy does not come with the endless list of songs that reviewer mentioned .
this is the first oxo product to disappoint me .
this product is ,  at best ,  an engineering prototype .
by this point ,  most gamers have tried the original  donkey kong  .
sound quality on it was also poor . there is so much junk out there .
this does not work with the ipad num_extend
the cooking surface of the pans was not damaged after prolonged contact with hot coals .
the ear buds did not fit into my ears ,  so i would not recommend buying them .
this did not work very well for me .
the gilt comes off so easily and the set does not look attractive with faded gilt .
i would not bother with this one it does not lighten well at all .
i also noticed some breakage while using this product .
once inside the remaining rubber piece the volume buttons don t line up properly nor does the power button .
i ve tried these strips four times now ,  and four times i ve baked domed cakes  at least they didn t crack  .
i have been on birth control pills  ortho tricyclin lo and now yasmin  for about num_num years .
i don t think this will last very long .
he usually will not chase a ball or frisbee with these on ,  especially if there are other dogs around .
with that being said ,  i cannot stand the  feet  smell and taste of the gold label virgin coconut oil .
this is the worst quality paracord i have every purchased .
battery failed to charge after about num_num months .
perhaps it should have occurred to me but i was exhausted from caring for my very sick cat .
i have to wash my hands carefully so i don t get it wet ,  or take it off every time .
even after i put it in a baggy and crunched it with a rubber hammer ,  it still wasn t edible .
will change the rating depending on how this situation is resolved . second :  don t be confused by the name .
they guitars a very small and flimsy ,  i felt let down by this product .
can i say i noticed a difference by taking this product ?  no not really .
i was really hoping this product would help bump up my energy a little and help me focus .
i still had my headset that came with my num_extend and i compared them .
my original battery was slowly dying ,  so i decided to buy this one and get more juice .
i would think these could last for at least num_num year or so ,  but guess not .
the larger ones that had  feet  were all broken and i didn t see any way to fix them .
i should have bought perhaps num_num buffing compounds :  course ,  medium ,  and fine .
purchased this product it was an ok alternative to cheese sauce .
i m giving this product num_num stars instead of num_num since it has a dual purpose .
essentially ,  any meat with even a small amount of fat can t be ground in this machine .
i thought that with it being pink they may have made the ear piece smaller ,  nope .
caution :  i also ordered a blue light ,  which was so dim it could hardly be seen .
i have three puppy mill rescued pekingese dogs that are all around num_num or num_num years old .
at first this intrigued me but it soon became clear that this feature is very limited here .
so i know it works just not those with pigmentation in skin .
they are cheaply made and not of good quality .
only comes with num_num comb ,  but i expected that because of another reviewer on here .
i have  rice bag  and this is quite ugly in my taste and quite stiff too .
buying this is like putting your gba in a tight pocket in your jeans .
due to the poor sound quality ,  i threw this cheapie in my laptop bag as a backup .
i noticed many other people have had this problem also .
i used my phone for num_num months with no protector and no issues .
i ve never in my life seen a worse cream to powder foundation than this .
should have read reviews before i ordered this item .
these cables i received are a cheap chinese knockoff .
the only thing is that the data cable is not as long as my original .
if you try to grind moist items such as garlic or onion ,  it would definitely get trapped in this .
i purchased these shoes but had to return them .
this yellow toned corrector is one of the worst beauty buys i ve ever made .
it s the exact same one that was used in dragon quest vi ,  and it s just a pain to navigate .
next i cleaned my screen ,  wiping it down with the included cloth .
she won t pay attention to this toy for more than one minute .
i was super excited to try this product ,  but i have to admit that i was extremely disappointed .
you get what you pay for .  .  .  . this is not a quality stock .
i ve found them to be in poor quality ,  including this eyeshadow base .
no such luck for me with this product . it taste just like water to me .
batteries very hot after  charging  and charge does not last any longer than a month .
i have been using convection ovens for over num_num years and this one doesn t live up to my expectations .
it is so wimpy ,  and there is very little difference between the num_num speed settings .
i am indeed very disappointed !  ! i have tried several times to rehydrate them but they never tastes good .
all of the ps one and num_extend codes just disappeared after num_num months of owning this product .
other than that this product is a flop .
i really was not all that impressed with the flavor of any of them .
i returned the first pair thinking it was just cut wrong but the second pair was worse .
$ would have been about right . caselogic is apparently in financial trouble .
i wish the ingredients would have been listed in the product description .
i have been playing gta from the time the very num_extend one came out .
i was optimistic after reading the other reviews ,  but wish i had not ordered this toy .
not this cheap looking case with cheap material and ugly pink color .
i have taken them for num_num months without any noticeable difference .
i don t care how cheap it is ,  i expect it to last more than num_num months .
without it it s just like any other cuticle pusher .
the only thing that i can bare to drink it with is orange juice .
others i have tried include the plantronics num_extend as well as cheaper models from samsung and nokia .
first ,  i had the worst time mixing this product .
i will not buy again ,  and would not recommend . this is one of the worst melissa and doug products ever .
i have purchased items online for over num_num years .
anyway ,  before i purchased it i had read the bad reviews and decided to take a chance .
i thought i would use it to protect my lens but i get glares ,  specially when shooting around light .
first time trying one of these ,  and i m not impressed .
however ,  only lasted about num_num years until the powerhead stopped working .
i own several different wooden utensils and expected better quality from this brand .
this product did not work right out of the box .
and the charging stand ?  it s cheap ,  very lightweight plastic that falls over very easily .
i tried this last year and felt like it did nothing for me .
whoever wrote a good review about this product lied .
i will not purchase again since the taste just doesn t do it for me .
i was hoping that this product would improve my digestion ,  but alas it did not .
after using this for two months ,  the magic had worn off .
these are true to size ,  but very thin cotton and very cheaply made .
i guess it s geared toward children as the bag has sponge bob all over it .
that s more of a problem with the poor design of the tracks . the carriages themselves are great by themselves .
i just know they knew this was not a good product ,  any blind person can see that !  .
perhaps my expectations are unrealistic ,  but i expect more than num_num years service from a modem .
i want to like them ,  but with all of the problems ,  there is nothing about these to like .
and i think this is my first negative review on amazon !  the  clings  didn t cling at all .
i would not purchase this item again although i love my other nyx products .
i was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses .
boy i am glad i didn t pay full price for this item .
the earbuds that came with it were completely worthless ,  and i have now broken the last earloop .
this charger puts out less than a usb port on your computer .
overall ,  i would not recommend this product to a friend  or anyone for that matter .   .
i tried this several times ,  with the same result .
i bought this product thinking it would get rid of fleas on my dog ,  instead it did the opposite .
this egg timer worked well the first time i used it . after that ,  it just did not work .
this product didn t really work from the get go .
they are very heavy ,  you can t hold them still for any length of time .
i once even waited about num_num months and tried to use it and still the rash appeared .
i purchased this product knowing it was not very expensive .
this case will not stay charged for long .
so i wont be purchasing this product again .
i know i should have read the ingredient list first ,  but i still feel cheated .
hard too zip shut if you have a credit card in each slot and carry more than num_num bills .
the boot cuffs looked so absolutely weird and crappy ,  that i simply threw them away immediately .
they say ,   if it s not broken ,  don t `fix  it  and this applies for this  improved  formula .
also ,  even though there was no corn syrup ,  there was still sugar ,  fructose ,  and brown sugar .
i agree with other reviewers who say the songs are kind of lame .
when i bought this shampoo and used it my flakes came back .
this product states it is for guns up to num_num magnum .
this was just too big for what i wanted .
i am beginning to hate anything that comes from china ,  especially when it is not disclosed on this website .
the smelled went away for me after num_num days .
when it arrived it was alot darker than the picture but i decided to try it .
rather than let them go to waste ,  i use in my pet carrier !  who would have thought .
in fact ,  i would say it only works on about num_num out of every num_num types of cans .
overall i didn t like this mascara and definitely won t be buying this again .
maybe they would taste ok in something ,  but they don t taste very good on their own .
i hate to say it but i was not impressed with ikea in this case .
this particular screen protector is only good for a mirror .
and ,  the shoe stretch on their site will stretch the width and the length which this one does not .
also ,  this cereal seems to take an abnormally long time to soften as well .
this is not what we were looking forward to .
i was really disappointed with the af performance of this lens and returned it immediately .
i would not order again or recommend this product .
well ,  i ve not noticed a huge difference in eye puffiness when i use this product .
i have been surprised and dissappointed in this battery .
this product did nothing to stop hair lossor regrow hair  ,  i used this product for num_num months .
one has been in use for more than num_num years the other almost a year now .
i could not stop the dripping and i have been coloring my hair for num_num years .
i will not be purchasing this item again .
however ,  it would not work with my verizon note num_extend
no streaming audio at all . this product is not ready for prime time . i am returning it today !  .
the buttons were very easy to operate . bad :  it felt really cheap .
if your only buying games that this memory card can save then get games that don t have passwords .
it pops off easily and made of a very cheap material .
it s been num_num weeks and i don t expect to hear back from them .
these are like the last resort if she can t make it out in time .
my husband came home with this after a quick trip to walmart .
i don t get a warm feeling that the ratchet arm will stay locked .
left earpiece stopped working after num_num months of casual use .
like this product at all i will not order this again .
i guess they look this way because they have a metallic base with plastic on top .
i purchased this to take family self portraits but it didn t hold it at the proper angle .
that being said ,  it does not work well with the num_extend
so far they all have broken the sound barrier ,  so velocity is not the problem .
as many others have said these cables do not work for charging your phone .
the application for this product was very minimal before it split in two .
also ,  there are far fewer materials that come with the game than originally came with it .
this thing just doesn t seem as good as my last perk  diff company  .
there are fewer weapons to choose from  and most of them are very similar  .
i will try to find another pair of pants in the next month or so .
i am really disappointed in this product and am considering returning it .
this is the num_extend item i ve been very disappointed with .
i have really dry skin i used this product one time and it made my chin breakout pretty bad .
i will not purchase again nor do i recommend them .
i am very disappointed !  this product used to be worth the extra $ i paid ,  but no more .
i would not recommend this because it is not true to the advertised size .
i tried with water ,  milk ,  chocolate milk ,  even diluted more than recommended ,  but all were just gross .
the clip is not strong enough for a phone as big as the note .
i have owned this wireless card for about num_num months .
i will use them ,  but if i ever need these again i won t be buying from here .
we have never been able to tell if this thermometer is actually reading temperature fluctuations or not .
i am only giving this product one star because of the packaging was nice .
at this point i am giving num_num stars so that i don t encourage or discourage anyone else s purchase .
the tidy cats breeze does not work well with pine pellets which is whi i originally bought this .
it is usable and does what it should but i do not use it anymore .
i have been using it daily for about num_num months now with no improvement for my acne .
quick to deal with just wish it didn t finish breaking on me .
this is the worst product i have ever purchased .
i tried it on num_num different systems and it skipped on all of them .
i m not going to complain about how many of this piece or that piece is included .
you said this case was for the galaxy note num_num but your case does not fit .
i m not even going to bother with multiplayer because i can t see it being worth my while .
we are very disappointed in this cuisinart product and are unlikely to buy anything made under their name .
these were low ,  but worse quality than others i have gotten in this range .
the color is very streaky ,  even with num_num coats and i feel like the brush is too small .
i do not recommend this product at all for heavy usage .
she s terrified of the vacuum ,  electric hand driers ,  and this toy makes a very similar noise .
bulletproof was half assed from the graphics to the controls to just about anything else that matters .
i would not buy these sunglasses again as they don t fit my face properly .
this ball head is ok but like all manfrotto stuff ,  it s nothing to write home about .
after just num_num months of use i have just thrown the chill pad in the garbage .
it is hard to believe they cannot make bright white bulbs that last longer .
it is a very bad ,  mal functioning design that just plain doesn t work .
although you should be able to make the whole  salary cap  thing a little more lax .
i only made it through like num_num levels or so before i had to call it quits .
they sent a num_extend which is supposed to be even better with num_num hours talk time .
the num_num year old is starting baseball this year .
unfortunately ,  while they re nice circles ,  they don t sit flat on the pan .
additionally ,  they are gigantic !  i will not be purchasing again .
the length is fine ,  the charger does not work .
the only thing that i like from this brand is facial foam .
i don t even have fat or large thumbs and found it hard and painful to do .
not really satisfied as i have been with other bsa scopes .
only strong enough to support a phone laying horizontally .
that s not to say that other s wouldn t like it ,  this is just me .
the materials that this aerator was manufactured from ,  were worthless .
this pan lasted about two years with low use and really is a low quality .
i do not think that these kind of illustrations should be allowed in a family game .
as of now ,  i am still emailing them ,  so will change review if they actually stand behind their product .
this screen protector isn t even worth num_num bucks .
i couldn t believe it when i opened the package and aa batteries fell out .
i wouldn t touch this game until they ve released at least num_num patches .
but it s just a bad clone of a much better num_extend out of num_extend
had i known this ,  i certainly would not have purchased these speakers .
it s clunky to move around ,  and when the bag approaches full it tends to tip over .
i couldn t be more disappointed with this phone .
however ,  this is not the best choice for a healthy diet for him ,  in my opinion .
researching this i found that the issue could be lack of enough molybdenum in the stainless steel .
i am very disappointed with this product and would not recommend it to anyone .
they aren t tight enough on the cardboard to hold and slide right off .
this device lacks robustness needed for the job as advertized .
i ll start out here by saying that i couldn t finish this game .
to start off with ,  this stuff is disgustingly overpriced ,  considering how many damaging ingredients there are in this product .
i m assuming i received dead batteries i do not recommend these batteries from this seller .
my hair feels absolutely disgusting after using this product .
after reading the reviews ,  i was ready to order these for my num_num mo .
i took them for quite a while and never noticed any difference at all .
when i contacted the seller ,  they were not honest with me .
the only thing that is useful in this set is the aquadoodle pen .
but i have now had num_num tivo series num_extend break in the last num_num months .
whatever ,  i would not buy this item again if i am looking for some targets to have fun .
camera s that have a lens housing that sticks out some ,  extends from the camera body itself ,  usually prevents this .
i ve been struggling for about num_num minutes now and the case is still on my phone .
it doesn t feel or looks like a real leather to me .
i dislike this product because it gets no volume !  it sounds plenty realistic but it isnt loud at all .
but this thing is so cheap ,  you get what you paid for .
i hope this helps someone else from making the same mistake i did .
i gave it num_num stars because half the puzzles are educational but the other half are just plain ridiculous .
the problem is that they are just too light duty for more than very occasional use .
if you do your eyebrows everyday ,  these will not last very long .
it was clumpy first time i used it ,  fresh out the bottle ,  so the formula is terrible .
this product was poorly made and broke really quickly .
i just don t have the patience any more .
i did not want to put this in my hair when i opened the bottle .
the problem with star trek games is that they try to be too much like star trek .
if you re looking for white stockings in this style then you should pass on these .
i m not upset that there is something wrong with it cause every company spits out a few buggy systems .
i wear size num_extend and i bought size num_num and they are still too small .
this tea has too many different things in it .
i bought two of these and neither one has enough power to properly charge my phone .
the only thing that is the same on the new version is the general look of the machine .
after num_num minutes of normal play a large piece of the tractor snapped off .
i ve been playing this series since num_num and i have to say it is completely unplayable on a console .
i haven t had problems with the front cover coming undone since i ve only had it for a few hours .
in seven years it s the worst purchase i ve ever made from amazon .
two stars only for color match . diana faillace von behren reneofc  .
these sunglasses came damaged with one lens separated from the frame .  .  . also it did not look and feel good .
the new one after num_num months would not boot up most of the time .
i have used them ,  the full program ,  num_num times now and do not plan to use them again .
if you already have problems with your system then you may want to give the product a try .
amazon was awesome with their customer service as this package was stolen off my porch num_num times .
i was not happy with this keyboard for one reason .  .  . reflective paint on the keys .
i had no problems with this product until my phone started acting funny .
i had to return this because there was something wrong with the tongue .
i am thoroughly disgusted with this sort of behavior .
i was excited to get this because i read all of the great reviews .
i have owned and washed dogs for over num_num years and have never used such a runny product .
i have wasted many hours fiddling with this card trying to get it to work on my xp pc .
i ve never seen the effect that this product had on my polish .
i have tried really hard to like this ,  and i just don t .
i have about num_num title in my database . i have loaded all of the software and firmware updates released .
fits three small cans across ,  or two standard size with quite a bit of wasted space .
this game is barely a shadow of what spyro is supposed to be .
my old num_extend never gave me a problem in over num_num years .
i had this for about num_num minutes when it accidentally slipped from my hand as i was sitting down .
this is one of those machines . this vacuum cleaner is our number num_num repair customer .
i ve tried this device twice carefully following the instructions and waiting a long long time .
this professional lasted num_extend years being used once a week on bread etc .
even if final fantasy is extremely overrated at times ,  even the worst ff is better than this .
i was very disappointed that i purchased this .
now i have num_num pouches of this stuff and don t know what to do .
there is nothing special about this shirt and i found that it just looks plain weird on .
if you order this coffee maker immediately remove the sand filter ,  and throw it away .
sometimes i have a hard time be productive ,  i thought i d give this a try ,  nothing .
on the other hand ,  if you have a  special needs  dog ,  the is probably not the best option . your call .
this just makes it a little more difficult to do that .
for me this is not a great case it did not last very long .
i had high hopes after reading the reviews of this product .
the maps are small ,  which means very little exploring . overall ,  this game is not worth the box it comes in .
i have tried varying dose of this and i don t feel a thing .
this game was said to have been much more than it is .
i even took it to a brick and mortar store to make sure i wasn t missing something .
that being said ,  i expected a lot more out of this cereal aside from the usual great cereal marshmallows .
as of this writing ,  the energizer offers a  sleeve  for only the iphone num_num and the evo num_extend
every time a shadow passes ,  or turn a light on or off it will make animal noises .
i am a dog person ,  so i know very little about cats .
i don t know how this stuff is getting good ratings .
after several bad experiences with low quality vtech toys i will never buy a vtech toy ever again .
we can not use a car charger while this case is on .
my bad ,  should have looked down the page and questioned that it showed num_num x num_num x num_extend
get over the anime and stop voting num_num because you  love  the anime . this game is way too short .
this is the worst can opener i have ever purchased .
after putting it back together it didn t work anymore .
i ended up just throwing the mirror away ,  because it wasn t really long enough anyway .
also ,  when i put them on ,  they are off balance .
i dont recommend this for anyone that needs sound from their phone when its being charged .
unfortunately i wasn t able to return this item because my housekeeper accidentally threw it away .
i was looking for a way make these jobs easier . this one didn t work for me .
we actually bought one two times because she got sick and made a mess of the first one .
i used this product ,  it did not work for me ,  therefore ,  i will not recommend anybody to buy it .
i ve been using jewelry cleaner for a long time ,  and this one does not work well .
it s not one of the dark black boxy electronics you usually associate with this type of product .
the batch was a dark golden brown ,  but kinda mushy inside .
it is sad when they even make god mode boring .
i have had a few garlic press s in my time and thought this was  my forever press  .
after about num_num years this just stopped working .
i bought this in feb num_num for $ and it broke after num_num months .
as said ,  this isn t the bulbs fault because it worked as advertised .
minding that i do a lot of cutting ,  and i used this on every knife around the house .
what made me most unhappy was that the description stated stereo ,  and its clearly mono .
since then ,  i have not heard hide nor hair from this company .
the only good thing about this product is its ingredients .
the customer service does not even have a toll free number ,  so you got to call long distance .
it takes a very long time to get your hair tied up and wounded down .
i found this product very difficult to install .
well ,  in the end i found this to be a disappointing product .
i read so many reviews on this product . trying to get a feel for the taste reviewed by others .
i purchased num_num of these at once and had the same thing happen to both .
i ve heard similar complaints from other users of this product .
not happy with the sellers description or the product .
i used the wallet less than a month and the sides were already tearing away .
i didn t have good results with this product .
because of my experience with this phone ,  i will not buy another motorola .
i didn t realize they go into some sort of toy ,  but all i know is ,  they don t last .
based on the durability and quality of my other samsung products ,  i foolishly gave it a second try .
this is by far the worse cd i ever used .
i waited a long time to write this review i did not get one mushroom from this patch .
within a year ,  bits of black plastic will begin to tear off and stick to your face .
this really didn t seem to make much of a difference to me in keeping items cooler .
i did not keep them ,  nor would i recommend them .
i have used similar products since and this hasn t been an issue and they haven t broken .
but there are only num_num different views to choose from .
i wear all brands of khakis and i will not go with this brand again .
raised the bowl and found that the flat paddle head was hitting the bottom of the bowl .
it is rough and hurts your hand and ear when you are using your phone .
they do not last long at all the pump quits on me .
i would never recommend these socks to anyone .
i think i can fix this by drilling some holes in it but i may get too much noise .
the chain is just junk . overall ,  i would not recommend this to anyone .
connection is hit or miss with my samsung galaxy smartphone .
i bought this on a whim and tried it over several days before returning it .
i bought the large and they were still too small for my face .
this is not a good quality product and if i d saved the packaging the would return it .
why do they advertise it as working with it ?  do not get this if you have a nikon num_extend
nice smell for num_num seconds ,  cheaply made and and does not last as many others have said .
i was expecting that for $ the sound quality was going to be amazing .
very dissatisfied !  after a good first purchase i was going to continue buying them but not after this purchase .
you have to use whatever they tell you . those two things will make me not play this game anymore !  .
we ordered this item after seeing a lot of positive reviews and were very disappointed .
for this reason i d never buy them again .
received this umbrella and it was broken upon receipt ,  with the interior metal already detached .
this made my dry skin more apparent ,  even after using a regular moisturizer beforehand .
this actually make my hair feel like the ends of a broomstick .
as of this writing ,  this product is priced at nearly num_extend higher than lsd cells .
i liked this nice looking coffee maker while it worked ,  but now i am very disappointed .
it s not like we have made this puzzle num_num times or anything .
i don t understand all the hype about this product .
i read the reviews and i was very excited to get this for my little one .
this product requires every single piece to be clipped from a plastic tree form and then assembled .
this isn t a flaw in the product as long as you are used to taking rather large tablets .
i also had someone comment that they also received a jack adapter num_extend to num_extend mm .
save your money because this is dollar store quality junk !  .
slightly bitter ,  flat and fruity ,  but like the color ,  also fairly nondescript .
i still have to use shea butter before applying this .
i think most rpg gamers expected something decent out of this game .
we did not choose to purchase from this brand again  .
any one even considering buying this game should go with either the xbox num_num or the num_extend
really awful tasting !  no ,  i would not recommend this to a friend .
if they can t last a maximum of being worn num_num times ,  don t waste your money . poor quality .
bought the otterbox defender from amazon ,  sold by amazon ,  in  frustration free packaging  .
this would not charge my ipad even though the listing said it would .
i don t like it because it took me num_num minutes to get it to stay together .
i wish i had read all the prior reviews that stated its drawbacks because they were accurate .
i have to ship this to wahl and see if they repair or replace it .
i would just stay far away as possible from this item .
as usual ,  amazon was great about returning it and refunding the cost . but ,  i cannot recommend this to anyone .
i have tried other energy products and this one was not to good .
not sure why this stash choco hazlenut tasted so different then when i have purchased it in the past .
after thought :  i see now an indication that this product was intended for use on a personal computer case .
but wow it turns out this game plays for num_num hours and has no replay value whatsoever .
this isn t just my complaints ,  i have three friends that bought the same unit and have the same complaints .
two of them have been recorded over num_num times but num_num was bad from the get go .
i put them on my num_num year olds head and it was small .
my test subject for this product was my num_num year old niece ,  who is in the target age range .
however ,  when i received the item ,  i noticed that it was twice the size as it was originally described .
this case was nothing like any other otterbox i had seen before .
i thought this would be a samsung product but look like a cheap counterfiet .
i hate these glass s ,  they leak air around foam padding .
this machine should basically be renamed or discontinued .
bought this to use with my laptop for voip and some other parties were complaining about the sound quality .
i tried many different brands of coffee ,  all expensive ,  which should have given me a nice tasting coffee .
i been using this product for about a month ,  and i am still waiting to see the results .
there is no reason that others can t become used to it to the point of not noticing it .
this case will only carry about num_num cards so does not function for me .
this does not work or connect solid enough to get my car s num_num psi air compressor to work .
unit worked great for num_num weeks then video output failed .
this should have been shipped with some sort of padding .
this product was made cheap ,  looked cheap in person and had minimum protection .
it only took about num_num minutes before my num_extend puppy tore this little guy to shreds .
i am an educated successful person but this unit was very frustrating .
something like this would be better for kids a little younger ,  i think .
this electric sharpener nearly ruined my good knives .
worked well enough until just recently ,  now i have the num_extend error .
i was excited to get this phone case last week .
these taste okay ,  i bought it because i thought it tastes like real fruit ,  but they are not .
there are num_num tablets per serving so i wast time doing this twice .
when i replaced the original batteries with these batteries they last less than num_num days .
these are cheap batteries because they were out of date .  .  .  . making them expensive in the long run .
it s much worse than the same oem battery that came with the phone originally .
that can be a good or a bad thing ,  depending on how much of a challenge you want .
as much as i hate to say it ,  i would have to recommend holding off on purchasing this title .
i have a dog almost a year old who chew this apart in no joke num_num hour .
i must say that i m very dissapointed with the num_extend
i flew this about num_num times and have not crashed it .
i will never buy another of their keyboards again as long as this feature is unchanged .
i think about a week from today ,  this thing broke on me .
this thing is size num_num for young girls .
lots of magnesium in this  and no and cellmass  ,  too much magnesium makes you have diarrhea .
i would not recommend it to anyone as everything stuck in it !  .
this was a completed disappointment and i have num_num boxes to go .
i really hope they will send me another and that this was a flawed item .
i was really prepared to like these and find them quite disappointing .
so if you are looking for a load size like peter north s this is not the product for you .
the filter part of this french press is poorly designed .
if i wrote this review day num_num i would have had to edit num_num days later .
if you have fine hair shafts that are textured ,  this is not the best choice .
i ve been using brita water filters for over num_num years now .
the major issue i have with it is the fact that it constanly locks up .
i don t know that you would see % natural before holding this in your hand ,  but there it is .
i am careful with money and hate to throw things away but i had to with this product .
i can t believe something like this will not cause internal harm to an animal .
you must then find num_num lilies ,  which takes another num_num minutes .
i won t be using them again for my dogs nor do i recommend them .
i only then read other reviews mentioning these skillets arriving with cracks in them .
okay first of all i used this product for num_num weeks .
i supposed that is why they make smaller bottles .
i had high hopes after reading several reviews .
this  professional  model worked for less than num_num months when it gave up the ghost .
as the other reviewers have mentioned ,  the cables are thick because of the plastic shell .
the power cord is much shorter than the original .
if they were num_num or num_num inches taller i would give them num_num stars .
i ordered a second pair in a smaller size and they were too big also .
so along with some other itmes ,  i was going to purchase this item and have it shipped her .
i ordered a couple of these ,  because they usually start to fall apart after a month or so .
i have been suffering from a broken gui within the router  at num_extend
although the shape and adjustable speeds are nice ,  the artificial plastic smell lingers even after repeated washes .
man i don t know what fragrance these other reviewers are smelling but this is aweful .
i have been trying to develop a skin care routine and was looking for a good moisturizer .
i think it also seems to move and load much slower on the playstation than in the dreamcast .
each of the num_num screen protectors only came with one tab .
again another product that isn t cheap and doesn t do what it says it should .
this isn t even worth half as much as it costs .
simply put ,  this is a poorly conceived product to begin with . furthermore ,  the build quality is cheap and flimsy .
personally i hated it ,  and i v been a harvest moon fan for quite some time .
seemed like a good product but it just didn t last .
i was hoping this product would be easy for me to use .
i ve been using this product daily expecting to see some positive results ,  but unfortunately i have not .
stick with fresh cheese as a snack ,  this is not a good substitute .
and i am not one to leave the cap open or off for a very long time .
after this experience i am going to avoid buying any sony product again .
the signal continually goes in and out every two to three minutes .
it was great at first but only lasted about num_num manicures .
given all the great reviews i was disappointed in this cream .
this is not a good dog food !  !  if you read the ingredients they are not good at all .
this gun seems like it is not so good .
other than dry ingrediants ,  i can t think of what else you would use it for .
this was the first canon product  camera , lens , extender ,  etc .   that i was truly disappointed in having .
i do have a problem with people calling this a video game .
i was expecting a gray mouse but got a yellow mouse that did not look anything like the picture .
i really didn t like that fact that they do ingest the small pieces as they are chewed off .
the day after that ,  num_num business days later ,  i call squaretrade asking for an update on my claim .
in the cabinet it sits ,  just waiting to be thrown out . it does not work well at all .
my eyelashes look small and thin and actually like i am wearing no mascara when this product is applied .
however after using this twice ,  the board would no longer come clean .
perhaps it would work for someone who has not had heartburn for a very long time .
contacted seller about rods and they promised to send replacement .
i still have it on my lashes after scrubbing it of with a cotton balls .
i purchased this item thinking how nice it would be to lift ,  sift and deposit waste into trash can .
i bought this to replace my braun blender ,  which died after a mere two years of use .
mine is num_num years old ,  and i assure you that there are deteriorations on all ends .
i spent money on the more expensive num_extend batteries ,  and they seem to last longer .
i ve been gluten free for about num_num years ,  and there are much better products out there .
now it only runs about num_num seconds tops and goes dead completely .
i did not think that one can leave a negative feedback for canned beans ,  but i could not resist .
still i d take them over almost anything teva ,  but not at full price .
these were just plain awful !  smaller in size than others i have orderedonline .
;  i mean ,  really  , what else can i say about this ?  ?  .
i bought this battery as a replacement less than a year ago .
after three vet trips and total shock i will never use this item again . ever .
i ve always been a fan of adidas gear ,  but these even look about as cheap as they feel .
this little sponge does pick up dog hairs but not a lot at once .
this particular blend does not make the cut .
overall i am very disappointed with this drink stick .
i know  and love  orange and i know  and love  creamsicles but this is no creamsicle .
the only problem that affects the gameboy advance is its lack of a backlit screen .
eww ,  i sometimes forget the advancements that have been made to cameras in the past num_num years .
please don t get extremist on me ,  but i don t really like this game .
the only complaint i have is that this does not wrap around my ear lobe .
i experienced what some others did but even worse .
i was given this for this past christmas ,  and it has simply not worked well .
i stress  meal replacement  because at num_num calories it is more than a snack .
if i had an ipad i would use them as they are nice but not for my iphone .
seriously ,  i wouldn t recommend this to anyone unless if you are a true rpg gamer .
however the real problem is that they scratch so easily .
it s just a very offensive odor and not at all light enough to wear about .
might be a good case for nights out ,  but probably wont protect your phone much .
went from opening package to the trash within num_num hours .
i have had trouble with both mini plug and rca plugs .
little disappointed at first because i didn t get a case with mine .
for the last num_num years i have used combat ant killer .
if the strap was long enough ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
basically ,  this thing has a really weak transmitter .
i have not used it because of this ! very inconvenient styling !  .
it came with a broken hinge which holds the metal spring closure together on the edges .
every time i use this my hands end up covered in the tire dressing .
if you had those dietary restrictions ,  you would probably think these were pretty yummy .
unfortunately ,  when i gave her her first bully stick ,  she devoured it in num_num minutes or less .
but ,  they ended up being way too dark blonde ,  with a lot of brown in them .
it lasted about num_num days before it began to have problems .
not much better than water out of the tap with some juice thrown in .
they were too large ,  even though i ordered the size that i normally wear .
it may work for smoothies and shakes ,  but it does not work well to puree food .
you d think you could fix this tendency by altering the mouse sensitiviy ,  but you d be wrong .
i will not purchase this item from this supplier again .
this is a ok unit compared to num_num which was superior in every way .
i really wanted to like this product for a few reasons .
i ve had this stylus for a month and while it worked well at first it does not now .
to state that your product s single serving falls less than the daily total max recommended is garbage .
today i happened to clean my pitcher and noticed the cleaning cloth had black all over it .
normally i just thread my facial hair but i wanted something that would last longer .
however ,  although i kept it charged monthly to have it ready when needed .
there are better and less costly products available .
but this is flatware i would be embarrassed to have on my table when inviting guests .
i tried several different configs ,  even different mice ,  with no success .
they have been laying in the same place for a couple of weeks now .
but when i received this item ,  its material was made with % polyester .
i dont see any reason why this particular product needs to be purchased .
after about num_num month of usage .  .  . it becomes loose and falls off every easily .
i tried to reassemble but no luck . wasn t bad for the price but would not buy again .
you can find cheaper ,  better quality cropped pants at most local retail stores .
this last because the fartshows at amazon require num_num words to describe what num_num will do .   .
this game is perhaps the worst video game i have played in a long time .
my sony num_extend is only good for punting into the trash can .
i have other similar items to this that have not rusted .
junk steel coupled with an uneven grind means i would have to reprofile the blade to get it sharp .
this does nothing for my hair ,  ive had hair lotions that worked better than this .
what s the point have a docking station without an audio output ?  there is no audio output on this unit .
i purchased another with the hope that this problem will not repeat itself .
it loses more air upon removal than just using my pump does .
each snow fall i used this with i was not very happy .
i have it about num_num ft away and it misses half the cars that come through .
i though these were going to be easy to clean and store .
i will probably not spend this much money on a coffee pot with such a sad decline .
this is truly a development that should put square enix to shame .
i have never been thrilled with the gta control scheme and this is no different .
the first pair came in with one stone crooked on one earring .
this watch was much smaller than i expected !  !  !  :   very hard to see the face .
very disappointedended up with the one made by oxo ,  because it was america s test kitchen number one recommendation .
my charger like this that came with my smart phone will charge my phone in num_num or num_num hours .
i bought this after reading the positive reviews ,  but it didn t do much for my skin .
i emailed customer service last week but have not heard from them .
not sure if the batteries are just bad or the charger is bad .
they took about num_num months to get delivered .
so ,  i wouldn t recommend using this more than a couple times a week .
based on some reviews ,  i hoped to use this case with my iphone num_extend and a slim case attached .
this is not a reliable product ,  and was not worth the premium price i paid for it .
after playing the pc ,  then renting the game for num_extend i realized that both were bad .
overall i would try a different snack product over this one .
plain and simple .  .  .  . if your looking for crap that doesn t work .  .  .  . buy this .
i did some research before purchasing this item and it was supposed to be compatible with vista .
we are going to return them ,  although the bother is more than the cost .
i doubt it will protect your phone if you drop it .
at first glance ,  these seemed like sturdy cutting mats .
while this product does charge our bb num_extend it does so in a flaky way .
routers last about num_num months ,  and cable modems last about num_num months .
if you wear a true num_extend stay away from these .
i was so disapointed because i really wanted to like this product .  .  . i really did .
the music is so bad that it s almost a good thing .
i called the company and they said to use a copper cleaner and scrub them .
i was expecting them to work great based on everything i had read about them .
i wasn t expecting much and somewhat prepared by the negative reviews here ,  but i am still dissaponted .
my back started bothering me recently more than ever before .
me and a family member played this game ,  toad was a computer player .
not a good product to invest . you will regret buying it .
there is something seriously wrong with this product .
you definitely get what you pay for with this poorly constructed phone case .
i wouldn t recommend ordering headphones from this company .
if you have a sensitive nose or can t handle really strong smells this is not the lotion for you .
when i ordered over the calf i thought they would be about calf high .
case came in the mail broken and would not stay on my phone because of that .
i was using the default controls which consist of using your keyboard and mouse  sometimes at the same time !   .
i gave it to him when he was about num_num months and we kept it around for a year .
about this the shipping cost from my country is about num_num times the cost of a new knife .
i bought this iron based on the recommendations here and was terribly dissapointed .
never fits !  !  says easy to install ,  but it does not go over the light cover .
but be aware that it may not stand up to the test of time or the wear and tear .
i ended up returning it because it was so painful and definitely not worth the money .
num_extend they changed the size from num_num to num_num oz ,  like everyone else has done everywhere .
got this for my then new nexus one ,  the case protects the phone well but it breaks too often .
this item is cheaper than silpat but i was not happy with it .
i used to really like this creamy body lotion .
i was under the impression that this game was awesome  according to ign . com and many reviews  .
i have tried this bar numerous times and i do not like it .
i love the idea of the splitter ,  but this brand is terrible .
i wouldn t recommend buying this smell unsmelled as i did .
i am extremely disappointed and will probably not order from this person again .
the other num_num showed no interest at all and they all love regular catnip .
you can also transfer it to another car if needed with little effort .
and the glue was terrible so they came right off from the sticks .
it is smaller than expected ,  and the material feels cheap ,  not soft .
from a mechanical standpoint ,  this makes no sense at all .
it s been over a month ,  and he still won t go near this perch .
i have been waiting patiently for my small breed dog to take a drink from this fountain .
there is no kind of pressure or good grip on the product slips right off .
in any event ,  i was thinking the full roll might be better ,  but then i really don t think so .
had this lemon about a year and it broke .
if anything ,  my stomach feels more bloated than before .
it still looks like it came out of box  .
this noise does not go away even at the low speed setting .
anyone with more experience with this product than a few days or weeks will tell you to stay away .
it s been over num_num months so could not return the order .
i have a pioneer elite num_extend and this sub produces zero base .
it didn t fit in his head phone jack and we could not find an attachment to make it work .
i have had my linksys router for num_num years .
i bought four of these thinking that they would be amber ,  i was dead wrong .
thinking the sensation would pass ,  i left the patch on for about num_num minutes .
i had this model before and wanted to buy it as a gift for my sister in law .
these are great board games but awful ds games pretty much just tap the screen .
i have played it about num_num times and hopefully will never play it again .
i tried these in sub num_num degree temps and all they did was make by boots uncomfortable .
i purchased this gadget at a local wine store and assumed that meant it was useful .
however ,  i would not recommend buying this new .
i bought this item and num_num other moon dough products for my num_num year old for christmas .
from what other reviewers said ,  that shouldn t have been an issue because they run wide .
the bags i received had expired num_num months previous to when i ordered them .
read thru the reviews if you re thinking of buying this and see if others have had similar issues .
i m really hoping i m within the time limit to return this item .
this pitcher is slim and does not take up much room in the refrigerator .
i have tried about a dozen different insoles over the years .
the hard plastic parts that attach to the soft cover are not strong enough .
no i hate this game !  all the sims games except for gameboy games have been great .
they aren t awful ,  but i will never buy them .
this is it ?  i ve played many more better than this .
i kind expected that with dickies but these don t seem like they will be comfortable at all .
definitely vet this seller amazon !  this does not look good for you !  .
the tier num_num support guy said ,   i m sorry your first experience with verizon has been like this .
laggy game for anyone that does not have a high performance machine even with graphic levels turned way num_extend
it is a junk food that is masquerading as one . addendum : just got around to adding this .
if you are over num_num or have arthritis ,  you will not be able to use this coffee maker .
i bought several of these and all of them stopped working within num_num weeks of receiving them .
it looks like the shippers maybe ran out of bubble wrap ?  i will be sending this back .
and to make it worse ,  the cord that comes with this thing is quite short .
i would only recomend it to someone if they own a medium sized dog such as a spaniel .
i love oxo products for the most part but this product just is not well designed .
but it didn t take long for me to realize what a mistake i made .
includes a substandard num_extend player for your computer with no equalizer .
i was hoping this would help with tear stains but it didn t make a difference for us .
overall this was not a good purchase . cons : weak metal .
the overall fit of these was very disappointing .  .  . and i have worn naturalizer for years .
if this unit would have done audio well ,  i would have given this unit num_num stars .
most of the weapons won t work if you re more than num_num feet away .
plus the pink shown would have been a bit more mature for someone in their num_extend
i will update this review after i try changing the batteries .
i figured if the battery can t hold a charge for that long than i didn t want the device .
giving them one star is the only way i know to protest a company that mismanaged a good game .
i may end up just clipping the mouse onto da bird s stick and throwing this one away .
this shipped quickly and seems durable ,  but it s a nightmare for a little kid to use .
long story short ,  i didn t care for the feel .
my daughter would not let my grandchild play with these ,  not safe .
the old num_extend with fm had much better sound .
the downside of this creatine is that it is the consistency of sugar but doesn t desolve as well .
this won t charge an iphone num_extend running the latest software available right now .
the case does not fit nor clasp on the iphone num_num and is a waste of money .
while this maybe more versatile it is definitely not cheaper than buying boxed mac and cheese .
that dispute is still pending . this is a terrible company .
stir and chop really don t do anything other than have the thing spin ,  which food processor does .
i would not buy this again and would rather go with baked chips than these .
just not made well at all !  i would not buy another plug from this seller .
if you are impatient ,  you will bend or break the plastic housing that holds the glass to the digitizer .
i was very disappointed to get these and find that they do not fit standard ar front sights .
my dogs wont eat them and they cant be disguised in food they smell like vitamins .
this mascara may work well for others but it did absolutely nothing for my eyelashes .
this is not a good product for learning to tie shoelaces .
unfortunately ,  these tweezers didn t work too much better than the standard revlon pair from cvs .
i really wanted something that would help shrink my pores at night ,  and hopefully even my skin tone .
i understand the need for a spatula to be thin and flexible ,  but this one is too flexible .
i weigh about num_num but there is no guarantee that it would last longer even for anyone substantially lighter .
these worked ,  but it wasn t as easy of an installation as it should have been .
bought this for my son s num_num in mountain bike and it didn t fit .
i think i m just going to turn it into a cabinet for other things .
now there is absolutely nothing wrong with the quality of this product .
this product is much harder to use than described .
she used it about num_num times in a little over a year and it quit .
you all may just want to buy from your local store .
so basically now i have to charge it every time i want to use them .  .  . i don t recommend this product .
bought this bell thinking it was for adult bicycles .
rating on the actual product that i once owned ,  but lost ,  is num_num stars ,  hands down .
i was very displeased that you have to actually stick a  base  onto your phone .
i am a big guy but these shorts were just not sized correctly .
this battery is advertised as supporting nfc but it does not .
another thing :  be prepared for a high pitched ,  screeching noise coming from the unit when you are juicing .
either way one thing that is not subjective about this toy is that it is a huge battery hog .
this game however ,  just feels so  been there ,  done that .   .
i got num_num short and because they stretch so much they became longs .
as mentioned ,  flat bottom means no pooling of water in the dishwasher .
the bottom line is ,  i didn t feel safe putting my camera in this bag .
i should have bought something with peanuts or oriental spiced bits .
i haven t really used this one yet ,  .  .  . looks a little cheap and not all silver like it is in picture .
i did try cutting them but the edges were too sharp .
i wish i d known that when purchasing this product you also num_extend
i got this because i was deceived that it was stainless steel .
and after having it for num_num months it burned itself out .
i m hoping ,  because of the other reviews that i got a bad batch .
it s been sturdy but the overall performance is cumbersome and time consuming not to mention frustrating .
i have several small and large water fountains which use pumps and have never had this happen before .
so why does a big company release a cd that never should have left quality control .
i don t know why ,  you d think they just move the molds or equipment and resume ,  but they suck .
and there is no active ingredient that will help to eliminate ringworm .
these uniforms didn t fit well they were irregular entirely ran too big .
i tried this stuff for several weeks and mostly it just made the skin under my eyes all oily .
the adjustment is rather thick and doesn t go through belt loops very well .
i tried this stuff at a suggestion of a friend that does not know how to read labels .
not so !  i like to make espresso a couple times a week but this machine does not allow me .
i can t comment on it other than that as i did t even get to use it .
you talk to someone from a num_extend world country that can t speak english very well .
long story short ,  i m giving the trudeau to a friend and sticking with my zyliss .
sound is great ,  but i am dissapointed that they lasted only for num_num months .
also ,  this is just like all the other final fantasys .
i bought num_num of these to help control the extension cords in my wood shop .
i decided to make some zucchini  noodles  with it .
this was a very expensive purchase that went straight into the trash !  .
i have ordered num_num other of these cases in num_num different color .
i ve owned this toaster for just over num_num months ,  and while it was fully functional ,  it wasn t half bad .
i did not notice any difference at all after using this .
this case didn t last longer than about num_num months for me .
i would never carry an animal in this crate again .
was unusable only after a couple of months .
it really was like one day it works ,  the next day it doesn t .
the old one held a charge for week or more even after several years .
this was ordered for a num_extend old boy so the pink one i received was not a good choice .
there is not much to say about this product but a simply don t buy it !  !  .
the kids were excited about this product but the lights did not work well .
i thought this toy would hold up atleast a few weeks before he could rip it apart .
awful ! it was a waist of money and will not finish using this product .
these are the worst jelly belly flops that i have ever tried to eat .
another issue is that the filters arrived num_num days later than the coffee pot .
this is the second motorola roadster i have tried and they have both failed .
he has tried everything he could think of to find my one saved file ,  and it s just gone .
this might have been a great game :  if it had been released about six years ago .
how long that will last i have no idea now .
the flavor is barely there and tastes more like a rice cake than the flavor says .
the little plastic spatula that comes with the tuna and the crackers is adorable ,  but useless .
after num_num months of moderate use ,  it stopped working .
this is a screen protector ,  no more ,  no less .
i bought this bottle thinking that the same thing was going to happen .
i expect something this expensive  i paid well over num_num for it  to last for many years .
i can t believe people would give this piece of junk four and five stars .
we bought this for our daughter when she was around num_num months and standing but not walking .
this used to be the best one ,  but the quality had gone way down .
ive used this product like num_num times maybe ,  and the wire broke .
the hub of this thing is made of completely unprotected aluminum .
if you think this is frustrating enough ,  you have not seen half of it yet .
there are about num_num or so coffins that contain new boards and characters but they are very expensive .
they are soft .  .  . so we have no fear of them .  .  . but we ve probably eaten a few tiny chopped up pieces .
no one wants to lose all of their data just because they are unable to back up their stuff .
the package arrived in a bad shape with holes all over the box .
num_extend ft slim num_num lbs here with a wider back than my waist .
perhaps my dogs got a bad batch ,  but i m not buying this brand again .
the worst cell phone i have ever owned .
unfortunately ,  i don t care for the scent any more than i care for mariah carey .
i ve been using this primer for about a week now .
the result is no smoke flavor and no grill marks . the other failing of this pan is its light weight .
i have purchased this brow pencil before a couple of times from macy s and never had a problem .
i had a lee auto prime that lasted me num_num years .
the toe separator should have been placed just a little higher so it would fit more evenly .
these were the worsy water colors we have ever used .
after about num_num months it started to have issues ,  and they have only gotten worse over time .
i thought they would be wonderful but had problems getting them to go over the nail .
the other reason for my num_num star rating is the price .
this one does not have the notch so it will not fit .
basically they just want to move all the low cost plan to the new expensive ones .
it really diminishes the quality of your screen .
that confidence is now shaken and i would not recommend buying this online at all .
after num_num months ,  quality control issues with purvana caused me to switch to a vitamin shoppe brand .
also ,  the other highly positive reviewers don t seem to be bothered by this so perhaps it s an intermittent problem .
with this mistake ,  i ended up paying num_extend dollars for screen protectors ,  which is a bit ridiculous .
the kibble just falls right out of this ball .
now ,  num_num years later ,  the piece of junk stoping heating up .
however ,  this is the heaviest num_num mm filter with thickest frame i have ever seen .
i purchased this bag about num_num months ago as a range bag .
we thought our cat would love this dvd but we were very disappointed .
however ,  i will not be buying this product again .
pay attention amazon !  this is not the product that the company is sending you .
i have num_num dogs and none of them will touch these .
this case just does not fit the hone well at all .
this sounds great but really is just junk food .
this was being sold by the sportsman s guide for $ free shipping .
the bad part is ,  i was fooled into thinking this product worked .
i finger detangled and that wasn t very productive with this conditioner .
i don t really notice a difference when using this medication .
i used this as specified on the package and the hot sock almost fried my hair .
i was very dissapointed with its audio performance .
pos !  !  !  why make things and sell them if they dont work properly .
trust me ,  buy another phone if you want to make more than num_num calls per day .
i am used to strong coffee but this is was just a travesty .
i wonder why anyone in hawaii has never addressed this issue .  .  . read ingredients .
i will never buy anything from this company again .
i would recommend their products but not for this model .
we have had a lot of problems with my wife s phone and its replacement .
just not what i wanted to protect my iphone .
these were so dry and stale that all i did was throw them out .
but it didn t fit my iphone num_extend all that well .
probably glass thermos bottles can hold temperature for num_num hours .
i bought this toy for my son before reading the reviews .  .  . bad move .
it took a long time to acquire signal ,  then it was lost quickly .
after the terrible music was muted i found the controls were very slippery .
you have to remove the case every time you charge the phone .
i would not recommend this product to my friends .
i then decided to try the much talked about face tracking technology ,  and that s where the problems began .
at least i don t have to ship it back to amazon and can just drive it back to bj s .
you can t charge it if you lose or forget to take this cable with num_extend
fortunately ,  i must have strong teeth because i did not break a tooth . then i decided to investigate further .
but ,  it was the loudest and then broke at about num_num months .
other than that i guess it would be an okay product .
much better only it doesn t have the ability to remove the plates .
would not buy this product again or would i recommend it to anyone .
i will not be buying this toy again .
this product creases and isn t super creamy like i thought it might be .
this thing does nothing but shake the heck out of your arms when you play .
will not order again as they were very expensive .
this is the most unreliable piece of equipment i have ever owned .
not sure this works at keeping mice away .
if i didn t know any better i would think that this game had been made num_num years ago .
they leaked sand all over the place and finally i couldn t take it anymore and threw them out .
maybe this just isn t right for a corgi .
this could have cost me my entire collection of discus .
unless you are extremely patient ,  you will be disappointed with this product .
still has other issues that should have been  ironed out  before bringing to market .
i normally wear num_extend in most shoes; i ordered these in a men s num_extend were far too narrow .
arrived leaking .  .  . but despite that ,  was not what i expected ,  based on other reviews .
i honestly don t think it s worth the money .
i really didn t think it was worth the money .
mine lasted about num_num weeks of weekend use .
but if you like smooth ,  soft sheets you will probably not be happy with these .
they wanted me to ship the product to them ,  i said no ,  i bought it from amazon .
i did not feel secure with my phone in this case .
i am forewarning others that this toothpaste is not good for the dogs ,  made in china .
feels like cheaper plastic ,  and i feel hard to insert iphone num_extend
i almost didn t notice that there was music .
a very similar issue happened with the hp i replaced with this kodak .
this is just an uglier version with some extras that just aren t worth it .
what s with the teeny tiny indicator light ?  give us back the big flashing blue circle from the num_extend
would not recommend this product for experienced makeup artists .
there is nothing  extra bold ,   or even  regular bold  about this coffee .
big mistake !  as noted in other reviews the cable was incredibly slow in charging my nexus num_extend
the only pair of shoes that i have been unable to wear in years .
i don t recommend this product to any body .
then ,  i turn it off ,  wait num_num seconds ,  and repeat this procedure num_num more times .
this is a very poorly designed coffeemaker which i did not expect from cuisinart .
i will pass on ordering this item again .
i also contacted the seller about this but did not receive a reply ,  so bad customer service as well .
the first couple days my son avoided this thing like the plague .
that is after the first time i shampooed with this bar .
the shooting is just nothing new ,  nothing that hasn t been done better before .
also the bra is so thin that you can totally when your nipping .
this does not look like it s made to last .
i am returning this ,  and i am confident that amazon will refund me .
i will not use this product again but still like other olive oil products .
i would not recommend this seller ,  the shoes were advertised as new ,  and they clearly weren t .
i found that it does not shave as closely or as evenly as previous electric shavers i ve used .
can t imagine who would enjoy the product . would not buy again .
run ,  stay away ,  don t think about it ,  just keep moving along .
it s not a concealer . there were several problems with this item .
i would have given this more stars if it had lasted longer .
the trouble is that even with the right bait ,  this trap is unreliable .
after taking this ,  i did not feel any more energetic than i normally do .
don t know if others have same issue but i should have just bought an extra apple charger .
i was very much looking forward to cleaning my carpets again .
one they do not get nearly as loud as the pair that came with my desktop .
i have been using this blueant model now for a few days ,  and i m stopping now .
i contacted apc tech support and they said you need apc brand batteries .
and it shouldn t be the case since i was able to access netflix with the num_extend firmware .
this headset does not fit well at all .
this is the worst split pea soup i have ever tasted .
like all other cuisinart products i own ,  this is a waste of money .
i used this after hearing rave reviews about their conditioner ,  even though it contains mineral oil .
she would not be inclined to try this product again .
but i definitely would never buy this again after i finish this bottle .
in my opinion ,  i do not find this device to be very productive or worth the money .
like other reviews say ,  this tire is not made for standard num_num inch rims .
i wanted to jump out a window every single time he pressed the cat button .
i think this explains the long charge times and the lame battery life .
i don t have any sony components ,  and found this almost impossible to program .
i remember the brita filter from num_num years ago and this isnt it .
so i was disappointed with this meal ,  and defintely will not buy it again .
do not buy this product unless you want to be disappointed in under num_num months .
i also bought nude socks for $ because ,  these shoes broke skin at the top corners of my feet .
wish i had listened to the bad reviews of this product .
having tasted it once ,  i think i can safely say i will never drink this beverage again .
i had really hoped this would help with shoulder pain that keeps me awake .
both the base and extension don t recognize that they re plugged into an outlet .
i really like other products by this company  the rainbow color cones are awesome  ,  but these were poorly made .
if you have any flaws at all ,  this makeup will do nothing except magnify them .
using cheats like that was the only way i could beat this game .
i have had good luck with similar suction hooks ,  but this one didn t want to work for me .
snaps ?  velcro has been around for over num_num years .
the headband design is very flimsy ,  and is almost guaranteed to break after several months of use .
they get really uncomfortable to wear after about num_num minutes .
this looks different from the picture that came with the crackers i ordered .
we re letting this one die with over num_num units left on it because it is basically useless .
in general ,  i like aloe vesta products ,  however ,  this is not one of them .
i wouldn t purchase these again in the future .
these things are advertised as  chewy  ,  but they are actually pretty stiff . they don t taste so great either .
as another reviewer has noted ,  there is no consistency in the quality of this product .
this is not a true num_num foot garden hose .
these really arent nessicary since they dont fit very well anyways .
this device does not work under maverick for osx .
the game setup is the same ,  but the pieces and mechanisms are very flimsy ,  cheap ,  and low quality .
i have an older shotgun stock and this fits horribly .
these screen protectors reduced the clarity of the screen considerably .
the stage design is truly sad . overall i don t recommend buying this game .
you d think they could have just make this into packs of powder like everything else out there .
i figured i would spend the money for this card .
im so disappointed with this case !  !  it is beyond cute ,  even cuter in person .  .  . but .  .  . the sides are not duarable .
no other product was used before this product ,  as directed ,  it just does not work as advertised .
at worse ,  i suppose it could damage your apple product .
i contacted sony and the almost laughable options they gave me were this :  pay for their service dept .
i have no problems with the foodsaver rolls .
i actually said out loud  this is a num_extend game ?   when my first match started up .
that being said ,  this is way too small !  and it comes apart way too easily .
at least on my head ,  these headphones really squeeze tightly ,  to the point that they were giving me headaches .
i ve had this toy for about a year and a half now and she doesn t even touch it .
i have to freeze before using the icecream and then it is too solid with crystals .
this design seems like it was a non guitar player who came up with it .
who doesn t keep a case on their iphone ?  .
you are given very little time to read the examples .
i got these to help ,  but they feel terrible and slide around a lot .
the other player still works ,  but also does not recognize the memory stick .
for the $ or so bucks you will normally pay for this ,  you can do much better .
both times i did not enjoy this brand nearly as much as my other two usual brands .
i like toys like this but this particular model is defective .
this is embarrassing when making a deal over the phone with my customers .
there s a problem with the design of this headset .
i would give negative num_num stars if i could .
i know it sounds picky ,  but i have not had this issue with any other keyboard i ve ever used .
i was really looking forward to the sequal to the longest journey .
i would have given it num_num stars but since i got jipped i gave them one .
i have tried a variety of frequencies with no luck on any of them .
whatever else you might get ,  it ll probably be better than this game .
had to throw them away as they didn t fit my motorola electrify phone at all .
there are several taylors of harrogate teas that i really like ,  this is not one of them .
that could be good but really ,  it does not look great .
this is one of the few negative reviews i have ever had to write on amazon .
this is a bottle of conditioner ,  just like every other bottle i ve ever owned .
price was great only $ but after getting num_num units ,  all three had cheesy construction .
i died the first time just trying to get used to the controls .
but this was the worst gf bread we have ever made .
my knives were dull ,  and this sharpener didn t do the trick .
i took this stuff for num_num days and besides mal ease nothing happened .
my akg head phones had the wire come out just one side of the headphones .
i purchased this phone for my girlfriend ,  not myself ,  so this review is from num_extend
do not buy this lock ,  look for another manufacturer as i will never buy from these blokes again .
i lost the registration card so unfortunately this toy is just going in the trash .
i m shocked by the difference in quality and i am upset about having wasted money on this crate .
i was not happy about this and still haven t decided what to do about it .
i almost skipped this product due to the low price and what i assumed would be poor sound quality .
i can t keep them white even with bleach and they are very thick .
i ve owned two and around num_num months of moderate running use the smell moldy .
this case kept popping open and not much protection for my phone its pretty and that s all .
it is much less sweet than real sugar and actually tastes more like oranges than anything .
i had really high hopes for these ,  based on other reviews .
i learned this the hard way after first use ,  when everything num_extend
i could have made this better by myself .
as others have pointed out ,  it doesn t work as a wireless bridge .
do not buy this game does not work with windows vista .
i have been using lush henna noir since march num_num probably ever num_num months or so .
got this case in the mail and the first thing i noticed was that it was the wrong color .
i know that many people have given good reviews ,  but as for me ?  well ,  i am throwing this out .
i sent this electric kettle to my elderly parents but dad was afraid to use it .
ended up ordering the num_extend amp fast charger  same charger as comes with the samsung galaxy num_extend phone  .
this headset worked well for only num_num month before the problems began .
no big loss .   i really wanted to like this game ,  but it s just not that good .
i order this charger by mistake and cancelled it the same day only to have them ship it out .
expected much more from cuisinart so this is being returned .
i ve been using pdas for over num_num years and smartphones since they showed up almost a decade ago .
if this is your first time ,  dilute this bottle with distilled water and start with % first .
photo quality was not great ,  but good ,  and the num_extend were inadequate .
tried the product for over num_num months morning and night ,  it did not work .
they are very painful if you scratch your scalp with them and they pull your hair .
however no longer recovers . this is the num_extend small radio that i ve purchased from amazon that has failed .
this particular conditioning cap does not really heat up well if at all .
actually it s my kitty that doesn t like this product .
the first time i used it ,  only the very ends took any color .
it also looked much more cheesy and cheap in person than it did in the pictures .
the only reason it got num_num stars is because the case itself works it s purpose .
don t know if they will ever call me back .
the only thing good about this is that i can control musicmatch with the remote .
o well ,  not expensive but would not purchase again .
i continue to purchase concertrace ,  from that old nasty lake ,  because sadly ,  it s the only game in town .
i m quite disappointed with this product and expected much better considering the price .
i was very disappointed in this and will never purchase it again .
this particular style is too small for knees ,  so we had to send it back .
okay ,  i would give this bra num_num or num_num stars except for num_num things .
this belkin iphone armband is made poorly and doesn t fit very well .
first of all ,  these probably would have gotten a num_num star rating .
i have num_num dogs and only two are aggressive chewers .
most creatine powders i have purchase in the past had no problem dissolving and were finer powders than this .
i do not have any problem putting the caraffe back in like other reviewers do .
unfortunately ,  i ve need these  items  for well over num_num years .
i ve now gone through num_num charging bases ,  all breaking in less than num_num months .
this toy lasted less than num_num minutes with my num_num month old labrador and the handle was gone .
i did not like this game ,  though .  .  . even when it was working . download the demo before you buy .
i also tried it on my wife s galaxy num_extend same result .
there isn t one thing about this game that i like .
this is another hyped product that does not live up to claims .
i am very disappointed in this swiffer product .
i have been using this whitening gel for a couple of weeks and have not noticed any significant change .
i ve been using palms for years ,  but i have had nothing buy problems with the tungsten e .
the people calling me couldn t hear me well and turning up the volume didn t help .
if they draw power from usb ,  this will not work .
i had to end up buying a different toy because this one looks so cheap and is so little .
either way ,  my cats really didn t like this .
quality control for this company is very poor .
i have not had a stretch of more than num_num days with out rebooting the router .
it smells like a mixture of motor oil and pizza grease ,  just really disgusting .
otherwise ,  i would have given this item num_num stars .
the first time i used it with a single batch of pasta ,  the motor got very hot .
i have tried several times but cannot seem to appreciate the taste so will not be purchasing again .
i think my system is just allergic to caffeine pills ,  and it might not be only this particular brand .
then ,  this controller will probably be unplugged and sent to the attic just like mine .
dammmmmmmmmit !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! overall :  this is one of the worst games ever made for the xbox .
i gave this stuff about three weeks to see if it would eventually work .
wrong !  !  !  !  !  !  !  about num_num different guys start swarming the entrance ,  and if even one gets in ,  mission failed .
the first laser failed about num_num months after i bought the unit .
i wish i would have known to order a size up i don t use them .
this headset is uncomfortable with there only one size buds .
i have been flying helis since the late nineteen num_extend
i gave this fishing pole to my num_num year old of christmas and was very disappointed .
something that could have stayed in the futer games .
the battery was in less than two weeks and quit .
this holster fits the gun ok but it is a left hand ,  not right hand holster .
i bought two bottle of this stuff because i have a serious magnesium deficiency as a result of chemotherapy .
if being able to clearly tune in your channels is a must ,  stay away .
it would be an easy fix for the company ,  and then this product would be five stars .
having used the older model before i was looking forward to that familiarity .
if you want the real bareminerals ,  i suggest buying direct from bare escentuals or via one of their stores .
a very small amount ,  and a bit more than that .
i have not been able to find a glue to get it back on .
please don t waste you money on this heating cap you will be very disappointed .
i would not buy them again and will probably never use them .
i bought this only because i had a num_extend coupon for a bottle .
i have replaced the bottom of this cage num_num times !  !  !  !  my rats chew through it easily .
i had nothing but trouble with mine . first ,  the fit was never tight against the phone .
the thing that i did not like was that the plastic can be easily eaten off .
i read an offical review about how bitter this stuff was and i had to agree .
today i read that it is extremely dangerous to take this orally .
i returned the stone for a refund less than num_num hours later .
i would give num_num stars for the toy ,  but num_num stars for the durability .
not sure what to say about this bra other than it looks like a maternity bra and fits worse .
they should tell you that something is seriously wrong with this product .
anyway this game is boring in my opinion and doesn t really interest me .
i originally bought the num_num  at costco  because my num_extend fritzed out .
the last time i received screen protectors in a standard envelope ,  i was sorely disappointed .
these batteries have a red sticker over a bare battery .
only had this case for about a month and it broke .
i purchased this product from amazon . com in may num_num for $
this is ,  without a doubt ,  the absolutely worse fighting game ever made .
we barely used this and it stopped working shortly after the return period was up .
given the flaws ,  not a good value for the price $
it does not ,  however ,  last more than num_num days .
i thought perhaps they were sized wrong so got out the yard stick to check .
these are ok clippers if you want a cheap pair of clippers that will last you maybe a year .
the nature s brand tasted more like sunflower seeds and the texture was different somehow .
we bought num_num of these balls thinking it would interest them and help to slow down the feedings .
this is the second time i have tried kccc and this will be my last .
it s like some of the parts are glued together with plastic wrap .
they have the worst customer service on the planet ,  and have ruined what was a decent game also .
i purchased this drive num_num months ago as a spare and just recently installed it .
i purchased this to illuminate my num_extend notebook keyboard and it just doesn t work like i thought it would .
they are hard to attach and don t seem to hold together very well .
this bone is very heavy so i m not really sure why it s marketed towards puppies .
the set up is a nightmare . now rhapsody has an upgrade that does not work with this product .
also num_num yard targets ?  impossible to see with a high powered spotting scope at num_num yards .
i assume they came out with the lexan product because of problems with the glass .
it was recommended by a nutritionist ,  but i m not sure that i would recommend it at this point .
the slightest jarring knocks the lid off . this is day num_num and ,  already ,  we have had a major spill .
the straps are cheap and i worry about them breaking .
i have two issues with the product ,  though .
i called dymatize and they said they would give me a credit on their web site .
also you don t make that much more in the long run .
i ve been sanding this stock for num_num days and it still doesn t fit either of my mosins properly .
voice actors are not expensive ,  yet they couldn t even afford that .
i was disappointed that this case doesn t have a clip on it .
the only thing that the game has going for it so far is the graphics .
i read some where that this is the simpsons version of grand theftouto .
it arrived very fast ,  so nothing bad to say there .
these didn t really stay in my ears that well .
i have a stiff shoulder num_num months out from dislocating it and was hoping this would help .
and it has been a slow and steady decline in progress with this thing .
i tried this product and it really didn t taste much like latte or even any kind of coffee .
if you like the canned cocoa you will not like this .
i didn t purchase from this seller but from sally s beauty supply store .
i was greatly disapointed with this game ,  i just hope xbox comes out with better games in the future .
i bought this product selfishly ,  because i like dinosaurs .
i m not sure what game the other reviewers are playing ,  but this one is utter crap .
i was so disappointed when i realized after trying it numerous times ,  i just can t wear it .
i never thought i would meet a thomas i didn t like .
i hate how little understanding there is about what goes into these formulas ,  and what they re applicable for .
i purchased num_num last year and stacked them in my cabinet next to my cooktop .
the second just started loosing the rubber teeth that drive the blades  like many others here have noted  .
i would not recommend this product to anyone at all .
product was pretty flimsy except for the bowl and the guides and blades didn t work very well .
i have tried so many different vacuums that its pathetic .
the amazon blurb should have been corrected years ago .
never before have i had this kind of negative result with a razor of any kind .
the problem with them is that not all images works .
however ,  if you are looking to lower your sodium intake this is not a good product .
i think you could keep the original film and get similar results until you can afford a better protection .
i don t think that expecting this to last more than num_num months was too high .
this case provides no protection for the phone .
unfortunately ,  the motor is extremely loud and then the unit died after num_num months .
with a knife it might only take about num_num minutes .
i tried mixing it in warm water to make a gravy .
however ,  i am not impressed with everything being made of plastic .
i was disappointed to have this reaction because i had been looking forward to trying this cereal .
we purchased this item mainly due to it s low price but i guess you get what you pay for .
i was very excited about this purchase until i tried this truffle . these were horrible .
this was one of the more awkward things that i ve tried on her .  .  . and it didn t stop her from pulling .
i cancelled my save n ship order for this product and will not be purchasing any more .
the hard plastic was not easy to work with ,  quality was ok but not great .
bought this long time ago ,  didn t last long .
even though these beans seemed fresh ,  they had terrible flavor .
we have used other brands and never had this problem .
it may be cheap and uses micro usb but it wont work with the phone .
so in my case i would have been better off just purchasing deep chocolate .
unfortunately the laser doesn t activate without her having to change her grip .
i tried it on my ipod touch num_extend gen num_extend and it worked for about num_num minutes then stopped .
now ,  i have used this sunscreen three times and every time i break out the next day .
the quality just isn t there find something else maybe thicker than this item .
small appliance does not carry the two piece num_extend item .
bought these num_num months ago and the seams have already fallen apart .
update : it lasted about a year and then things loosened up enough that the gear started slipping off the track .
don t waste your money on this cheap item and go for the deluxe one that actually works .
i would have been better off putting the camera in my pocket than this case . do not purchase this item !  .
seems like it would work for other hair types though .
i also think the price is a little steep considering you only get num_num capsules .
i purchased these and was very disappointed when they arrived .
i wouldn t purchase again and would donate rather than open it if gifted !  .
as many have mentioned before ,  this product does not work with the etrex vista .
i thought it would stabilize my knee ,  but does not do this .
due to cheap design ,  you can t use this to charge two smartphones at the same time  ie .
it washes delicates well ,  however the scent that remains on the items is just awful .
you actually don t really use the face buttons all that much .
for the right person they might have been good but not for me .
they re made of a metal that is less durable than a paper clip .
my puppy hates baths and i thought i would try this waterless shampoo as an alternative to a bath .
i have found that these things deteriorate over time ,  and i might have got an old box .
i d recommend you not purchase this unless you find it on clearance someplace for less than $
spend a few dollars more and time and ,  ultimately ,  money .
as others have noted ,  the speakers pick up radio frequency interference .
i would not hesitate to purchase this car kit although i firmly feel the price should be lower .
i find this product very difficult to place on the i phone screen .
so i bought num_num bottles at $ each  free shipping  .
in the num_num months i have used it maybe num_num times .
i was frankly somewhat unimpressed with this product .
i was very underwhelmed with this product for several num_extend it s caffinated .
it as if this stuff absorbs all the odors they come in contact with .
i ve bought this before at the drugstore and used it until it was gone .
in short ,  i hve played for almost num_num hours ,  and am still on level four .
i ordered this from amazon ,  not amazon market place .
i was hopping to love this scent ,  but it smelled really synthetic and overly strong .
i tried science diet ,  which worked but she didn t like it very much .
for me ,  this was an expensive purchase with little to no results .
installing nic s should be easy and this is probably the first that i ve ever encountered problems with .
i did not listen to the people that told me it would not work and i regret it .
after reading consumer reports ,  i bought one from amazon .
must have been made in china as it seems all their products are too small .
i thought this would be a good game ,  but midway blew it again .
i have had his machine a couple of years ,  but i don t do full rooms very often .
i only need the blade size num_num that came with the trimmer .
i like champion double dry much better ,  shape wise . this one is not good for running .
does not do what it says and can get you frustrated quick .
but it broke the first time i used it .
would not repurchase and would definitely not recommend .
personally ,  i would never buy a product like this again .
i think .  .  .  . no .  .  . i know that obsidian couldn t have done better than bioware .
like you will not record with this pedal in your chain unless you want a mountain of noise .
i tried it twice and regretted it both times .
the major problem is that they do not hold discs well .
the booklet says that the head should last six months; it doesn t .
had been working great ,  then suddenly i could hardly hear music through the left ear .  . then not at all .
but honestly i don t know what would really helped at that point .
i could ve ordered from other sites and gotten the whole thing for same price smh .
even with the bigger size ,  it looks like underwear .
i am not sure why this product does that to my hair .
a lot of steel left on the floor that should have been on the knife .
i thought this would be the answer to my under sink storage problem .
it s as if it detangled my hair for longer than i expected .
bought this phone from west net online and wouldnt charge ,  got a relacement and the same issue .
in defense of the brand however ,  i later bought some extra long t s that have been much better .
the shipping was fast with amazon prime ,  but the assembly was a horrific experience .
after spending many hours trying to be happy with my purchase ,  i finally threw the num_extend in the trash .
i didn t really like this color or the feel .
they made a few very basic suggestions that didn t work ,  then stopped answering my emails .
the color of this product does not match my skin tone .
but these came and they were too wide ,  which is a recurring problem i ve found with crocs .
midway should have died around the time it sold it s first few games .
i will not buy another braun shaver  or the foils that go in them  again in the future .
i would expect much better quality for something that costs as much as this does .
the second time i got this ,  didnt last a month on weekend trips .
it seems the filter lasts only about num_num months .
my kids ,  num_num and num_extend have been bugging me to get this for months ,  so i reluctantly caved .
then ,  after about num_num weeks or so ,  the first layer on the top began to wear through .
i think i will be cleaning up vomit soon .
i know that this product isn t meant for that ,  but that was my situation .
you d be better off just charging your phone directly instead of through this charger .
battery life was terrible and the update to ios num_num made it lag unbearably .
before i started doing this ,  i only ever remember using hot sauce on barbeque sandwiches .
this was washed four times ,  then was completely useless .
would i recommend it to a friend ?  definately not .
the back door opens up much too far and everything just slid right out .
the drawback to using this cane is vanity and my physical appearance going out in public .
have used it for a long time ,  prior to the  coming out of this  bisquick  disaster .   .
i highly doubt that this will keep things out of the bag .
i dropped my phone in this case after it slipped right out of my pocket .
the router will not communicate at all to these devices . i ve diagnosed this for many ,  many hours .
num_extend static ,  or ,  num_extend pulsing static which makes listening pretty aggravating .
good thing !  within num_num minutes we decided that we really hated this game .
for a $ surge protector ,  i would expect this unit to have quality construction .
first ,  what i received is not at all what appears in the picture .
that is another rip off . update :  after getting the second one ,  we are now pissed off at this product .
it provides maybe an extra num_num or num_num hours of usage with data turned off .
be safe on the road ,  stay away from this item .
when i bought this product ,  i had no idea of the ingredients .
my num_num year old loved this for a day ,  but then it broke and he was so frustrated .
the only good thing i can say about it is that you get num_extend of protein with one bar .
the plastic does not work well with the touch screen .
work better that this like num_extend time . sorry midland co .
apparently ,  you can make anything out of corn , my conclusion is that you cannot trust this product .
i received this game as a christmas present  gee ,  what a crappy gift  back in the late num_extend
not wanting to pay that much for the bread box ,  i opted for this model .
would not sell or produce this product .  . cheapo ! must be made out of country .
novel ! i remember num_num years ago when games used to be fun ,  and not a chore .
i had high hopes for this as a treatment for pcos ,  but i couldn t continue with it .
if it wasn t smashed it would have gotten num_num stars .
i would suggest that regular coffee drinkers get a burr type grinder with a hopper and grind storage box .
now i have to spend $ for a new screen protector !  !  i wish i could give it num_num stars !  .
i bought the twp thinking they would work perfect for a long time ,  but both are now useless .
i guess i will need to be more careful in the future .
there is nothing good i can say about this coffee maker .
it doesn t work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano ,  which is what i d always used .
these items were smaller than i expected and the quality of the material seemed flimsy too me .
as much as this unit costs ,  i expected a lot more than num_num weeks of use .
this card is a pain and there are too many other options out there to put up with this .
i have long wavy hair ,  and i made sure it was dry and brushed before using this product .
the only benefit is it smells good but it s not worth the money at all .
also from other reviews you will see the same engineering mistake .
there needs to be a  hand wash only  notice with this board .
i think this set is fake ,  the handles are lighter than the set i ordered off of sigma .
just another product down the drain .  .  . would not recommend if you have digestive problem .
not very good quality ,  but suppose it was ok for $
this means that it can not auto connect to your bluetooth phone when your in the car .
but if you value material and workmanship you re likely to be disappointed with this latest example .
if the neck was so ridiculously large i would give this sweatshirt four stars .
not very easy to stick to the screen and the back of my phone .
have only been using this for num_num days ,  will get back to you .
i only kept it because there is nothing else out there that doesn t cost an arm and a leg .
there is num_num or num_num females to choose from the wnba to play as on their team .
i have never seriously cut myself until i started using these knives .
however ,  these are so white and matte colored that they look like plastic beads . save your money honey .
but at the same time ,  imagine trying to play doom num_num or civilization on an atari num_extend
since i just had it only less than an hour .
i purchased this for my num_num year old small dog .
the material is much thinner than other jeans i have bought .
i ve seen much better leggings for this price and i m not kidding .
motto is you get what you pay for and this isn t even worth it s current $ price .
i would think they would have at least offered up some coupons or something ,  but no dice .
this thing worked fine for about num_num months ,  i used it mainly for grilling steaks ,  pork and chicken .
and it s not very attractive which i expected that since the pic is accurate .
during that time i noticed a rash develop on one of my fingers ,  which i ve never had before .
i generally used to buy extra butter flavor popcorn of the same brand .
looking back ,  i should have just used this as a tug toy and it would have been fine .
there s always something completely screwed up ,  left out ,  incompatible or just broken right out of the box .
circling behind an enemy s back really didn t work that well .
i used this popper exactly num_num times before the side of it cracked .
i never thought i would not wear sneakers at work .
don t buy this blend ,  you will be disappointed ,  i was .
this case does not look anything like the picture .
it was too spicy to be enjoyable ,  and more crumbly than the other cookie flavors .
would generate an error on pairing with the canon eos num_extend
first i should say that without the external antenna this unit is a paperweight .
these did not cost much but crapped out in less than num_num months .
not worth even one star ,  let alone the money wasted on this piece of junk .
i was very disappointed with this hand soap .
i gave this product away and even that person didn t want it .
looking for indicators that would work and tried this one .
i have nothing good to say about medline ,  even if the product is high quality .
this doesn t take much abuse before it snaps .
after using them for a few months ,  i noticed that they would not hold a vaccuum .
sure wish they would bring back the older ,  sturdier ones .
you read about this problem a lot in game magazines . it s unfortunate marvel vs .
i tried taking my pressure at least num_num times before i got a reading .
i used num_num cans of this low grade junk clearcoat after applying the basecoat .
never tried it cuz their other products made my hair hard so i never used the relaxer .
this thing broke as soon as the return policy from amazon was up .
i can t believe they charge this much for something so lame . don t waste your money .
this is not easy to operate but i should have read reviews a little closer .
i totally agree with the reviewers stating that the design on this shoe is flawed .
coolaroo s product is num_extend x larger so i have wasted time and money on this .
they made a ring and then they were out of beads .
i bought this hand mixer in num_num and in that space of time used it maybe num_num times .
the one that did work was blinding and made the vehicle look tacky . would not recommend .
the accoutrements that come with it are not comfortable .
i would guess i maybe used it num_num times total .
this item did not quite look how i imagined it would .
will never purchase anything from this company again !  .
i don t give many bad reviews ,  but i will in this case .
he tried to do that with these springs ,  and they snapped him on the foot and in the nose .
they don t satisfy a chocolate craving and the protein content isn t significant at num_extend would not purchase again .
this game is exactly like tetris !  so don t get this game .
battery only lasts about num_num hours ,  after which performance starts degrading .
this product does not live up to its name .
i ve sent it to them three times ,  and each time they repair it ,  or claim to .
i am not talking about expensive binnocs ,  the cheapest thing that nikon makes will blow these away .
well .  .  . the garbanzo bean flour so many reviewers have complained about made the dough horribly bitter .
however ,  the engraving is very shallow and in less than a year the engraving was worn almost completely away .
this is the worst toothbrush i have ever used .
the quality of this product seems to be alright ,  but it doesnt fit my num_extend
but when they arrived ,  i realized they were way too short for what i wanted .
not much to say on the positive side to balance this out since it simply does not work .
i couldn t see anything but i could hear my calls only i couldn t answer them at all .
it s like having a crt tv on  when theres nothing playing on it  ,  except like num_num times louder .
you have to keep a strict diet that lowers your intake of sugars and anything like yeast .
in conclusion ,  i would not recommend these bars unless you are willing to risk halting your weight loss .
well ,  have been using it faithfully each day; and ,  no signs of improvement .
regular toothbrushes and other product names don t work with this machine .
i wouldn t have taken this game if it had been for free ,  let alone num_num dollars !  .
i just cannot come to terms with these massive looking bt headphones on my head and ears at work .
i have used this brush on my puppy s dry coat while she was relaxed on my lap .
i am using them to connect a bose num_extend headphones to my sony receiver .
i bought this from amazon and i am sorry to say that this unit did not perform as expected .
only used two of the mugs for coffee in the morning .
maybe the red cabbage that they use to color the tablets is what does it .
this is a stock phone with only the standard default apps .
i am sorry to see this decline in manufacturing qa of a consumable product .
i was hoping to be able to charge a battery as well as the phone .
i have had this belt for a little over month and it has started to fall apart .
plus ,  it barely had enough power to cut through some real small ligaments .
as a mom ,  i usually have other chores at bath time other than ring rangler .
after using them for a while ,  i find them to be totally unusable .
within maybe num_num minutes ,  probably less ,  she started chewing on it and it was done .
definitely not worth the money or even the few calories .
the folks at plantronics definitely failed its loyal customer base with this dud .
these screen protectors don t even stick to the phone .
however after using this product i don t believe that the granules are safe for my skin .
now that they are over a year old ,  they have no interest in it .
this one is strange ,  i am not sure i will keep using it .
i repeated this several times  full charge ,  then use  and the same problem .
i will be throwing these away and replacing them with stronger metal ones .
i wanted to have battery backup for a camping trip this weekend .
as others have said ,  the sizing of these is remarkably inconsistent .
i would not recommend this item for anyone .
these are the worst new balance shoes i have ever worn .
i am so disappointed especially since i recommended this litter to num_num friends and my mom .
whether fake or not ,  this particular pair looked liked they had been worn and the box arrived damaged .
i also tried reducing the air flow to almost nothing ,  but that did not work either .
i have a num_num inch waist and num_num inch hips .
well ,  i was excited about trying this product especially since i like cherries and cashews .
there just isn t enough power to do an efficient job .
i bought this hoping it would be nice and it ended up being the cheapest crap you could buy .
the protective screen cover must have been very old ,  because it would not adhere to the phone .
i have viking stainless steel appliances ,  and there is no way this is remotely the same type of metal .
piece of carp that keeps falling apart and the lens is blurry .
i just spent num_num hours with linksys  award winning service  and now have to send it back for replacement .
i kept them on my dreser for about a week before the party .
not thick ,  just like a cheap towel ,  and definitely not worth over $ maybe worth num_num bucks .
she told me that they would send an email but i have yet to receive that email .
just like other reviewers said ,  they are not dried ,  they are like preserved with too much sugar .
i ordered these crocs for my husband for christmas and he won t wear them because they smell so badly .
i m not a kid ,  i ve been playing video games for over num_num years .
i especially would not recommend it to people with small children around .
i cannot even review this product because i haven t even gotten to the actual installation part yet .
didn t really see an increase in battery life with this battery and it didn t look like the picture either .
i tried this product and i have to say that i just cannot tolerate the taste .
after going through all my reviews on amazon ,  i ran across this product that i ordered awhile ago .
unfortunately i didn t read the other reviews before purchasing like i usually do .
that adds about num_num minutes per week to your routine .
buy your own crackers and hummus ,  and save yourself some money .
it is the absolute worst conditioner i have ever used .
this is not it . may work for very mild acne .
this is not what i wanted i ordered the wrong item .
it seems like the screen protector wasnt tested on a num_extend just molded by its dimensions .
really wanted this product to work ,  but to no avail .
as you can see ,  reliability is questionable . like most small appliances these days ,  this is chinese crap .
i thought my nose and sinuses would explode from the intense wasabi sting .
it has been years since i have seen a truly high quality mister but this is surely the worst .
i definitely will not be purchasing this fragrance again .
it looks more like a step stool that should be in a garage than my new kitchen .
these blades gave me the worst razor burn i have ever had in my life .
after owning an older version of this  the lightbulb kind  ,  i did not want to buy it for her .
i give up .  update :  turns out my laptop wasn t powerful enough to use this pc card .
its cheaply made junk that will work some time .
after a mere num_num months ,  the left earphone died .
i have bought several other products on a whim thinking they may work similarly or better .
we are homeschoolers and have big problems with focus .
they are ok but not worth all of the money that i spent .
this is not one of the best counting games out there .
this is a very weak and bland tasting coffee with little to no taste of hazelnut in the mixture .
update num_num september num_extend just called nature s path after verified problems with our most recent purchase .
couldn t really see or tell a difference when taking these .
in this case ,  it s hard to judge the effectiveness of this carbo energy drink from one num_num ounce sample .
if you have an iphone num_extend don t waste your money .
don t put anything that is marinated on this thing ,  it is almost impossible to clean .
so if they want to sell this ,  they need to sell it for less than $ an ounce .
i asked him how that helps me and why would i do business with them again .
i have been using eyebrow pencil since middle school because of this .
however ,  these harness they have has given me a hardtime .
ok ,  so i bought these for some reason thinking they were metal .
i ve successfully seasoned standard cast iron cookware in the past but had no success with this pan .
if anything ,  it does the same as the wire that came with the system .
the taste of the tabs lasts a long time and is difficult to remove .
they re a lot thinner than i thought they would be .
it just makes me think  hospital  when i m not there ,  which isn t a good thing ,  for me .
i was looking for a replacement set for our krups tabletop convection oven ,  and this was not it .
long story short this one burnt out in less than a month .
nordic ware couldn t have cared less when i contacted them .
i will never consider buying anything from this company .
the end result was that this product only worked about % of the time .
i do know it woke up a sleeping cat but nothing other than that .
when i first tried hawaiian spirulina  about num_num years ago  it tasted markedly better .
after that ,  despite getting the card to work ,  i was disappointed with range ,  speed ,  and reliability of the signal .
this is very flimsy and doesn t provide support worth mentioning .
can t get much more  con  than that i guess .
its tens of little  games  that have horrible graphics and last num_num seconds .
i had only wore these a couple times and washed them and they completely unreaveled .
gave num_num stars because it is easy to apply but it smears and fades within an hour of application .
we had one that even when making num_num cups per day ,  lasted almost num_num years !  .
i would not buy these again ,  please try another product .
they are very stiff and don t have a clicky feeling that lets you know you pressed them .
as far as i m concerned this machine should have never made it to manufacturing .
but once you try a great pizza ,  or rhodiola ,  you wonder why they bothered with the cheap version .
all of this happened within num_num hours of receiving these cases .
how it looks ,  is nothing like the real thing .
i have owned samsung products in the past and they never have released anything as poorly built as this .
i purchased this product to connect my logitech trackman marble fx trackball to my computer through a usb port .
i have the same problem as other users since pretty much the start .
too much sugar and an unpleasant salty taste and like some other reviewers stated ,  it made me nauseous .
i will buy another one from world market but i would not recommend this screen to a friend .
i would not recommend this bra unless you are a small busted woman .
if anybody has ever played halo num_num they will know what i am talking about .
unfortunately ,  no matter which size or type of sleeve i tried ,  the sound quality just wasn t very good .
i bought this game for my grandson and then found out it had way too much cussing and violence .
if your cat does ,  perhaps this product would be of interest .
to buy this screen from china you need to pay a transfer bank fee and shipping .
what is wrong with this set ?  of course ,  it is too late to return it .
i will say it has only come off my dash once in the num_num months it has been installed .
this item was purchased for my wife s iphone initially .
probably not a relevant review today ,  but still not worth your money .
it held up for about num_num months of daily use .
but this function does not work at all since the first time we use it .
i m sure there are other dogs who love this but it was a waste of money for me .
you have to be extra delicate with this gel ,  but that s not good .
the product tastes good the first time but then it becomes boring the second time .
no wonder many companies with this poor of customer service go bankrupt .
this was pretty cheap ,  so i got what i paid for .
sound quality was not as good as the sony .
we are not lying about this joke of a product . and as far as ordering these through amazon .
this case didn t hold up well at all ,  broker within the first month .
but i would never purchase from oneida again .
after much time all of a sudden they decided to work ?  the other drawback is the light .
i would not recommend to anyone to buy this .
i have really severe fibromyalgia and i was so hoping this would bring me relief .
she hated it and now using the phone with a case and no screen protector .
i am very disappointed with this type of cell phone so i do not recommend it at all .
this didn t work right out of the package .
i wanted to like this case ,  i really did .
the inside is a cheap plastic ,  although the outer stainless steel is nice looking .
it seems like it would work well ,  but it just doesn t .
i am really sorry i purchased this item .
update : you will drop your phone using this case and i never dropped my phone before .
this broke within num_num minutes of putting it together .
bought this for my g daughter s num_extend birthday but sent it back immediately .
i have over num_num pairs of boots from various designers .
i m sorry to say that i was not pleased at all with this product .
after playing it ,  i wondered why it got such great reviews .
the batteries just aren t strong enough for a fast flash . my next camera will probably be a pentax optio num_extend
i got this same stuff from them for my motorola rizr num_extend phone .
i will not be ordering from this seller again .
i will soon sell my num_extend in ebay to get the nikon num_num when the price drops  !  .
even after eight hours charging ,  the battery s onboard indicator still shows that the battery is not fully charged .
so in retroscpect i would give this player a num_num star rating .
now it is num_num months later and i suspect another infection is starting .
they said they tested their games before shipping but when i got the game it wouldnt play .
i have used it many times ,  but i have seen no improve in my cats behavior .
i ve seen rave reviews for this product ,  but i found it clumsy and ultimately painful to use .
the box is not sturdy enough nor does it pack away well .
they fit very poorly ,  being small and thin ,  unlike the impression that the photograph gives .
amazon will not take them back after num_num days .
philips should have use a more powerful lithium battery or at least exchangeable aa nimh battery .
they are not worth a penny more than num_num bucks .
reading the one star reviews ,  looks like the seller switched the previous quality product with a cheaper product .
everyone would have liked it better ,  but there is one so i hate it .
so far ,  two have broken off and they can t be fixed since they are threaded and split open .
this is not your mothers waring blender that it will last a lifetime .
i had ordered this product for my handheld cb ,  it arrived in the time specified in my initial order .
the company i bought from was ships from hong kong .
even so ,  it still took me num_num minutes to get this device paired with my cell phone .
too bad because they look like really nice quality .
for me ,  the fact remains that i will not use this shampoo again .
but when i first played final fantasy viii ,  i know that i wanted to just bawl .
this game was like the same as num_extend but just some new stuff ,  i gottan board of this game .
other than the led lighting ,  that model seems the same as this one .
i also do not like the metal construction .
it seems like you either love or hate this antenna .
but in the end ,  these are just measuring spoons and there s no need for this level of durability .
also total fat in the flour wrap is num_num grams compare to this at num_extend grams .
they will do nothing more than take your money .
they were dense ,  lasted a long time and didn t shred much till they were very old .
if this were not a review unit ,  i would have had significant buyer s num_extend
i like having highbeams though ,  so i sent them back .
i placed the holder on the back of the door using the adhesive pad that comes with it .
when this processor broke i needed one immediately for a party i was having .
also while this swing is very comfortable for my num_num year old ,  my baby slouches horribly in it .
there is just not enough of it to justify the price or the calories .
when comparing these screen protectors to other ones on the market ,  there are far more superior ones out there .
i can confirm that a galaxy num_extend with a large case  spigen neo  will fit in there ,  but barely .
and it didn t make my skin feel moisturized like a good serum should .
don t make it so you have to play the ocarina up to num_num times ,  if not more .
they are all way too loose for me ,  and do not pick up product well at all .
i bought num_num of these for the kitchen and bathroom . one of the outlets died after num_num weeks .
the side pressure  clamping ?   is just too tight and my head starts to hurt right away .
i would not recommend this if you are easily frustrated .
while i haven t used it enough yet ,  i m not quite convinced the polishing cup really makes a difference .
contrary to what other reviewers have stated ,  the the product is oily .
hi guys ,  i m very angry about this product because i think it made my scar worse .
that being said ,  num_extend is the only one that really wreaked havoc on my stomach .
this color looks absolutely nothing like the picture !  .
this product absolutely sucks !  it turned my hair white and it made my hair feel sticky .
i had it for about num_num weeks before it quit working .
do not trust your electronics or anything else you need to keep dry with this product .
while i was on hold on my landline ,  i called back in with my cell phone .
i have been loving this yogurt maker until today when it ceased to function .
thinking we might need to make it stronger .  .  .  . maybe it will taste good this time ?  ?  ?  nope .
but somehow the sound quality deteriorated after around num_num days of use .
what used to take me about num_num minutes now takes more than num_extend
are these even real uggs ?  i m going to have to check for authenticity .
i have never had a size num_num in any type of shoe be to small .
too bad :  unaware purchasers of this title will probably quickly relegate it to the litter box .
this game is only marginally entertaining for about num_num hours .
i have used them for a very long time .
but the issue here is that the way the lens attaches to the iphone with a small adhesive ring .
i had been eying the popchips brand for some time but i they seemed too expensive and i passed .
beneficial only in that they can be used safely in a room with your pets .
overall ,  there is nothing wrong with this brush ,  but it just doesn t seem to clean .
i don t care that they look like balloons like some of the other negative reviews say .
sounds like it should work great ,  but two things make it less than okay .
they taste and smell stale ,  even though they are crispy and the expiration date is good .
the figures are poorly made ,  glue is caked on ,  i would not recommend these .
i ve heard so many good things about this product but my hair didn t take to well to it .
other than pretty graphics ,  this game offers me nothing worth investing hours of my time into .
and it only took an hour before my feet were in more pain than i could have imagined possible .
then ,  it crashed ,  flipped sideways ,  went under a chair ,  and never worked again .
i the few reviews there were ,  but this didn t help my issues .
you can easily get a much better mask in this price range .
my cat does not like this product as it pulls knots out and apparently hurts the cat .
as other reviews here suggest ,  this device isn t very powerful .
if i would have purchased locally it would have been returned because now it is garbage .
but i still give it the same score because of the poor graphics ,  micromanagement and repetitive ,  boring game play .
so that power bricks will not really work well with it .
my rottweiler puppy destroyed this in less than num_num min .
i honestly cannot any of their items now based on their  customer service .   .
took me a good minute to do so ,  and i felt like the removal put my phone in jeopardy .
there is no evidence before or after treatment that this product really works . i would not purchase this product again .
i have tried over $ in different products ,  and this was one of them .
i contacted the seller and wanted to return this product ,  and seller responded quickly .
that s pretty terrible for a basic piece of equipment .
plus for them . cons : wireless range :  the range on these headphones is hideously poor .
i probably should have paid more attention because i wanted a totally clear case for this phone .
they don t work better ,  nor offer any advantage over conventional old style openers .
they feel ok but don t offer much support and they are not well made .
we wanted this cool one to be a little more  advanced  with our marble fun . dont get it .
if it were an inch smaller it would work .
the first failed after num_num years of use and i was okay with that .
specifically ,  this hoop is made of num_num segments that snap together .
should have gotten the size up . sizing aside ,  i would not reccomend this belt .
but .  .  . like another reviewer said ,  the left earbud always fails on me .
i have given the product to a friend since my skin and the product are not working well together .
this was one of the most disappointing purchases i ever bought .
i expected them to be actual sunglasses but they do little to protect my eyes from uv rays .
most of the symptoms of bodily stress i ve been experiencing started the same day i first took this supplement .
please let me explain; i received these batteries and noticed that they had an expiration date of num_extend
it doesn t really tone all that well ,  not worth the $
this protector is so dark that i could barely see my screen even in the dark .
would have been great if the remote was wireless .
the quality seems cheap too ,  like they will fall apart soon .
even the more expensive items are cheaply made .  .  . with your extra money going towards the brand alone .
i have tried multiple different svga cables ,  and hooked it up to several monitors and video cards .
i don t know what made me request this product to review .
i read in one of the other reviews that this product is not for protein sensitive .
that really defeats the purpose of a retractable cable . i d say you can purchase this for the time being .
at $ that is not a huge outlay to check out the difference a burr grinder makes .
normal is about num_num minutes but can take longer .
but it didn t really work at all . was not at all happy with it .
from the time i bought it ,  i was struck by how badly designed this food processor was .
i bought num_num of these thinking they did due to the description saying it would work on my bike .
there are things on the ds that are better than the psp ,  but really there aren t that many .
it s very odd since i ve never had this problem before with the other brands .
the smell was not pleasant either ,  i would not recommend this product .
unlike other reviewers i would have to say i have been very disappointed with this product .
to sum this up ,  the games are more boring than the wii sports .
i m really baffled by how many good reviews there are for this product .
these beans were just far from the best .
i have to say it is the worse screen protector i ve ever bought .
took me forever trying to clean that off . it s pretty much useless with glue left on the film surface .
this is a complete waste of money; the thing just does not work at all .
this item was very barely used ,  though i did store it safely and in good packaging for a year .
stamped designs on black or green are not even visible with this product .
i wish i knew the brand of my extremely old popcorn popper that died .
i m still using this thing but don t recommend it .
basically the only  cow  product we get from this company is a lot of bull .
i am not satisfied with this razor at all .
if you want something that will last ,  look elsewhere .
but i m definitely not going to recommend this product to anyone else .
i have one more thing to say save your money .
i don t like this product because it made my hair fall more than it used to before .
you could run it over with a truck and it would still be in the same shape .
this was the one thing my granddaughter asked me to buy her for christmas .
for a leave in product ,  the much cheaper and better option would be to use infusium .
the design of this controller is one of the worst i have ever seen .
this is more of a review of amazon than it is of this kettle .
it does nothing to refresh you hair ,  in fact it looks worse with this product .
i doubt these will be lasting very long .
would not recommend to anyone with genetically high cholesterol .
all in all i wish i had read the customer reviews before i bought this pos .
this switch takes about num_num seconds to switch from one computer to the next ,  this is unacceptably slow .
of course ,  i had no way of knowing that until i bought it and tried it .
i believe there is something toxic in this product .
only works for a short time and then the oil smell is gone .
i took the recommended three pills num_num minutes before meals along with water .
then it proceeds to let out more air when the locking mechanism is actually locked .
additionally ,  the fabric was very thin ,  and the fit was more like bikini than hipster style .
as you may have read from other reviews here ,  the lid traps all sorts of gunk .
after reading the reviews i bought this and it did not meet my expectations .
air lines on these pumps always seem to get really stiff and you have to cut them off .
it is flimsy ,  poorly made ,  and not what i would expect from lee .
however ,  when installing it i ran into a problem with the presta valve num_extend x num_num tyre  .
there is no cleaning solution that comes with them to clean the screen before you put them on .
i have very dry ,  sensitive skin ,  and this treatment was a little too strong for me .
so i have now used both of these and had same issue .
it barely latches and offers little protection to anything except the lantern globe .
my hair was not as straight as i expected to be . i don t recommend this product .
i have drier hands this winter than i ever have before .
i have had my orange monster for num_num years and use it few times .
too bad ,  because it looks like this would be great for teethingwith all the different textures .
its a real shame that these blocks are not durable in the least .
iphone shut down after num_num minutes of being powered up .
i wanted really badly to like this popcorn popper .
num_num hours later .  .  . it unfroze and the touch screen starting working again .
this product  by nature s bounty  claims that there are num_num billion active lactobacilli in the pills .
this took quite a while to receive and when i finally got it ,  it didn t work .
shocked ,  i read the packaging and noticed that they have artificial flavors and colors .
she s only num_num pounds and doesn t yet have all of her adult teeth .
after about num_num months of use the material started flaking and falling off .
i chose this case because i had the  same  case for my iphone num_extend
i purchased this electric razor to replace my rotary of num_num years .
i have tried a lot of these soups and this one is the worst i ve had .
the cutting edges aren t sharp enough and the bottle opener isn t very good either .
the first problem occurred about num_num months after purchase .
be warned ,  i wish i had bothered to look at the reviews before purchasing this product .
also out of pocket have to pay shipping and hope that the reimbursement would be credited .
the curl doesnt last long and they have poor quality .
agree with the other reviewers who criticize the way they fit  don t fit  at the waist .
i do not like this product at all .
i don t like the way my scalp feels after using this .
corn pops never had that aftertaste more than num_num or num_num years ago .
bought this for my rottweiler and she destroyed it the first day .
i bought this piece of junk for $ after shipping .
i ,  however ,  am very disappointed with this tape .
i will not be ordering this again and do not recommend it .
i don t know about other pfaltzgraff products but i am totally turned off .
they record and finalize as you would expect ,  but freeze up on playback .
i tried this canner several times and every time the lid was a struggle to remove .
many of the pieces are made of the same cheap plastic that other play foods are made of .
i have a num_num trek pro series that came equipped with num_extend tires ,  according to the trek catalog .
i bought a bunch of things like this in one go and this was in the reject pile .
this is a very inferior product ,  buy it if you want to confuse your dog .
this took me awhile to figure out ,  as it comes with no directions at all .
these were much more cheaply built than other toy handcuffs i have seen .
it took a while to figure out that this shampoo was the culprit .
this dog collection is much smaller in size than i expected .
i have owned now num_num bb brand headsets and both failed  one side stops working  .
i really wanted to like this mascara ,  but it was just too anemic looking .
this product only lasted about num_num or num_num months before it broke .
buyers beware !  this product is not even worth buying .
i bought this recently ,  not paying attention to brand .
i m a little concerned that it may have been tampered with .
it s like a hotel california for tea leaves . don t waste a nickel on this nightmare of a product .
as pictured but doesn t look right somehow; the stone is very pale .
not exactly stale but almost .  .  . not exactly fresh !  that s the way this bar tasted in my opinion .
thought this would be the answer but unfortunately even after multiple applications it didn t do the job .
may be used it num_num times at the most .
i think i have finally given up though in using this liner .
they wanted the serial number and then requested that i send them back for a replacement .
cons : i don t believe that this is a genuine uniden battery .
it looks like they had been thrown across the room .
this product does not work well at all .
this combination has now gone over num_num miles without a flat .
it didn t work with my samsung galaxy or my husband s lg something or other .
also not on the directions or packagjng  you ll have to service your filter everyday .
the smell is also not the  wake you up  that brewed coffee should have .
i ordered num_num sets of these for my daughter s dinosaur themed birthday party .
i only give it num_num stars because it does hold my dl and credit card securely .
other papo dinos are heavy and solid construction ,  this one is literally hollow with snap together parts .
the first thing i noticed was a bent up back device protector  since the case allows dust  .
i have had num_num problems with them and never again .
while this product is better than nothing i won t be buying any more .
however it did keep the dog busy just wished it lasted longer .
this can take up to num_num minutes and bore you the entire time .
simply a waste of money in my opinion . i do not recommend this product .
i have used this carpet shampoo num_num or num_num more times .
if you already have one ,  replace it or keep it away from anything flammable .
i suggest looking at the lace halter dresses before purchasing this one .
this is not my favorite product from olay .
i can t believe how dull it is after such good reviews .
i purchased this product when i saw all the num_num star ratings .  .  .  . sorry i don t agree .
i had hoped to receive some positive news or response from contacting the manufacturer ,  but no such luck .
this definitely won t be my last rio product ,  but i m no longer going to buy their products so confidently .
after a day in a num_extend freezer ,  these remain flexible but only able to hold cold for num_num minutes .
this product arrived completely disassembled sans any directions whatsoever .
i do not believe this is a product any one that needs an extended life battery should purchase .
the only thing i liked about it was that it was fairly lightweight compared to other litters .
the wand we received looks nothing like the picture .
i don t know what more i can say since i didn t don t have the pants .
either way i would not recommend it from this seller .
it was much smaller than i anticipated ,  really sized for a cat or toy breed .
this is not the high quality eva foam like those of swimming buoy or other rollers . buyer beware !  .
i was not pleased with this product at all .
don t buy this one it looks dirty after very little use .
they were fine for about one week and they stopped working completely .
if you are like me and have hyper sensitive skin ,  stay far away from this product .
bought this to give me a heads up when someone drove or walked into my driveway .
after about num_num months of continuous use the fans started becoming very noisy .
these people posted what seemed like a good price  not ridiculously low  on the us dream pedal .
i tried several sizes and none seem to work well for my dog .
the noisemaker inside is more annoying than most annoying toys .
i used pliers to tighten the zip tie a few more clicks hoping that would fix the issue .
normally orbee toys last a lot longer for us but this was being chewed into pieces within an hour .
i would have thought canon would have made a better quality product .
the interior space is smaller than that of a regular cat box ,  even the  large  size .
we bought a bunch of copies found this out and sold a bunch of copies totally lame .
i bought this power filter and it is totally inefficient and a waste of money .
after num_num months the area across from the first part that snapped broke as well .
these things try to look up to the part but they make a very poor duty boot .
let this review stand to warn potential buyers from doing business with them .
i think i could do the same thing with duct tape at night as this product does .
i was excited to try this product to add to my num_num year old dog s dental regimen .
i m not at all impressed with this product and don t recommend it .
soft ,  no is ,  noticeable chromatic aberration over num_extend
that s very disappointing for a $ coffee maker .
there seemed to be no benefit to using this product over the regular blade in my regular blender .
okay ,  i like the  small  size of the kibble .
however ,  this antenna shows zero improvement over the little zero db gain spike that comes with the sleek .
i bought this for my num_num year old and it s even way too big for my num_num year old .
if you drop your iphone a lot do not purchase this .
they didn t like them and that s saying a lot .
got the inexpensive wires to fin that will not work with my ipad num_extend
the case didnt fit my iphone num_extend easily .
i would not recommend this unless its really cheap .
and that s the only good thing about this waste of materials .
simply speaking i would not purchase this item again .
for plinking num_num liter bottles they might work but unless you want num_extend on the target i d stay away .
i will not be buying any more and would only recommend them for landscape lighting or night lights .
i feel they are cheaply made and will not last for more than a month .
even if i had only paid $ for it ,  i would not have found it a good toy .
these just don t stand up to the other headsets that are out there in their current price range .
this product was too strong for me because it made me sick and have headaches .
this has to be the worst coffee maker around .
didn t want to give it to anyone and have them suffer like i have .
if this product were $ to $ i would give it num_num stars .
maybe its cat dependent ,  but my kitten could not care less about these .
i give it one star as i have not been able to use it .
very poor customer service on the part of the company that makes this product .
after that it just squirted out more of a liquid than paste and the cat just looked at it .
for that i could have just bought her plastic blocks to chew on that are far cheaper .
the manufacturer states that this product will prevent your ds screen from being damaged .
my original stock pile ran out so i decided to buy from this seller .
i probably will use maybe num_num out of the twelve that come with this set .
i was not happy with the size of this product .
the run takes about num_num to num_num minutes to complete .
i m sorry ,  but i didn t know that suddenly red hair was called blonde .
i had not seen them before and thought i would give them a try .
i have used this before but i returned it without consumption .
this camera is very bulky compared with almost any camera  for the same resolution  out there in the market .
the coffee is not any better then their less expensive brand without the grinder .
it has been four months now ,  and i have only had this machine for use for three weeks .
i used this product for about num_num months .
this muzzle is not only very flimsy ,  but it doesn t fit snuggly enough around the snout to actually preventbiting .
reading other reviews about difficulty with the latch ,  i thought this would be fine for an num_num yr old .
she returned it with the tags .  .  . but he lost it again .  .  . this time for good .
but first you need to find another clear frequency on your radio ,  which takes time .
overall if you are okay with not having a stand then this is an okay case .
when it stopped working after several years i wanted to get another one .
i think i like this mascara ,  but it s hard to tell because the brush is complete crap .
sadly the shirt is not very good quality in comparison to the croft and barrow shirts i normally wear .
not a big deal ,  but a little cumbersome . note that this product does not work with current ipods .
this blade is not better than the gilette razors with multiple blades .
i would spend your money on something other than this .
this should not be sent through the mail but not sure that was the problem ?  .
make no mistake .  .  . this game is a poor conversion from a console game .
i wanted to be able to hang some wsshed shirts .
i do not believe i will purchase this item again in the future .
it just fell off even though there were no falls with it and the helmet was not mistreated .
you can find much better ,  for a lower price ,  in a grocery store .
it came in a box that shipped directly from the manufacturer ,  so possibly amazon did not even know .
i wish i would have seen it before i ordered it ,  than i wouldn t have bought it .
however ,  we ve had them for about two weeks and three have already cracked .
i purchased this whistle for my grandson and was very disappointing .
the cheapo ones i used for years from wal mart never had this problem .
would have been great if it did not burn up num_num day after it s warranty expired .
don t buy one of these until they fix what must be a design flaw .
num_num from this company and num_num from another .
both times ,  the cushion stayed on the ring after i put it on for less than an hour .
i wanted to use this for my wife ,  who lacks a bluetooth speakerphone in her vehicle .
and to hang num_num boards up would take up way too much room .
i bought this case because it was very cheap .
at num_num i guess i am just too old to accept that we can t have decent shoes in america .
i would not recommend this toy to anyone .
i guarntee ,  you will not regret getting this game over triple play num_extend
it does crease ,  even though it says that it does not .
update  i have just about stopped using this product .
alas ,  these pore strips just don t seem to work for me most of the time .
i bought this and it did not work anything like it was hyped to be .
after reading the reviews on this product i thought it was going to work amazingly ,  i was wrong .
second ,  the pockets for one s hands seemed like a good idea but in fact is limiting .
even using hot water didn t make this thing scoop properly .
this may work if you have a very low wattage microwave .
also battery didn t last very long even on a regular sized yard .
i ve only had this a few weeks ,  and i ve already got a hole in the mesh bag .
seriously ,  didn t feel any much better than cheaper ones for half the price .
this is a piece of plastic with two holes ,  and an elastic band .
i would not recommend this product for automotive uses .
i purchased this scope for my crosman phantom  a num_num fps spring powered air rifle  .
overall ,  i will not be purchasing this product again .
this is a moving plastic part that was obviously defective . nikon is refusing to honor the warranty .
it was always difficult to peel a curved surface like an apple with this thing .
i ve only used it about num_num times before that started .
after an hour cool down period ,  the babyliss will still not come back to life .
you have to follow the directions to a t !  i applied this and left it on several days .
i used to use these regularly for num_num months but now the price jumped by $
i definitely would not recommend to anyone it s smelly and useless .
they got frustrated when the pump stopped working .
i m not yet sure if that one was a dud of if they all will be .
the volume can get very loud however .  .  .  .  . the voice call answer doesnt always understand me .
i have tried six other products , also not keepers  be on the lookout for those scathing reviews  .
this is probably the worst crayola product i have ever purchased .
it seems like a hard thing to mess up ,  but they did .
i have never really cared much for granola so i thought i d see what they would do with chocolate .
but ,  if you have more aggressive break outs like i do ,  it probably won t work very well for you .
i ve seen great reviews from others who swear by this product ,  it just didn t work for me .
i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it ,  but i ve been disappointed .
i would have preferred that they send me a pillbox that actually worked .
today they told me ,  again ,  that they would be in the mail tomorrow .
i have never dyed my hair before so i had the requisite virgin hair .
the reason i chose this rating becuz when u apply the product it automatically bubbles up .
but i can t afford the time or the money to find out . very frustrating .
and artificial fragrances ,  which this product abounds with ,  are comprised of noxious combinations of neurotoxic chemicals .
i could feel them scraping my ear ,  especially when running hard .
i should have known better after reading the other reviews !  .
i thought this would help with ,  what i think ,  is an excess of estrogen in my body .
i used this case for a day ,  but for some reason my phone got hot .
i didn t like this case to hard to put on the phone .
the charger is the wrong size and not what i ordered for .
you can only use this weapon num_num times and the attacks are incredibly weak quick whack the enemy again .
like rabid ,  i did not notice that this product is homeopathic before ordering it .
i love most kashi products ,  but this one fails imho .
they are not very comfortable ,  just like every on the ear design .
i ordered this product based on price and i guess you get what you pay for it .
i m not putting this thing through the meat grinder ,  just everyday use ,  in and out of pockets mainly .
this was my first negative experience ,  and i truly regret wasting money on it .
these shoes were made for extremely small feet .
the major bummer was that it came with dents in just about every part of the grill .
i would say spend a little more money on something nicer .
didn t work; no light when plugged in; wouldn t charge anything; dead on arrival .
i have tried several locations in the room .
i m pretty sure if you read the reviews the users mostly use this conditioner in conjunction with something else .
i have been living in hawaii for num_num years and have been through a lot of fans .
i hate wasting money ,  so i ve tried several times to use this lotion .
other than that the sound is fine . so as you can tell i hate this game .
also ,  i seemed to have much more trouble with signal strength .
this is an expensive cat food that is mostly gravy with a little shredded chicken mixed in .
i read that num_extend aquatic turtles like to nibble these; my red eared slider didn t touch it .
this item is not suitable for my delonghi ec num_num espresso machine .
though i sure that it works great for other ,  it just didn t work for me .
i have never experienced chafing in any shirt that i ve ever worn before while running .
it was cute for some time ,  but just wasn t worth the effort .
i expected more out of this brand and a longer lifespan .
this watch lasted less than num_num weeks ,  i suggest you buy from someone else .
they do look a little better than flip flops ,  but did not work for me .
i only got to use this dvd player about num_num times .
this was not a hit with my son ,  num_num years old .
i ve been using this for num_num nights on the same pimple and it s still there .
this product i do not recommend for ebony skin .  :   .
i don t think this toy was designed well .
should have saved my money and gotten something at the local shop .
i would not advise anyone who wants to buy this for kp ,  it didn t work for me .
crap not worth the money even if it was only $
this battery did not hole up and i do not believe that this was a brand new battery .
the toy comes apart very easily and my kiddos lost interest in it pretty quickly .
didn t remove hair in a very consistent manner and caused irritation .
the only thing that kept me going was the story .
i think they have a flawed image of the united states of america .
i also ordered the green toaster from this maker ,  but it hasn t arrived yet .
even my boyfriend  who ll eat pretty much anything  wouldn t finish a single num_num oz .
we are not liable for any lost or damaged packages in the mail . this is a terrible policy to have .
even with the change account buttons present in the ui  ,  and other numerous technical problems .
which makes chaining them even more of am annoyance . another drawback to the game is the community of guild wars .
he put a call in to tamron . so even though the lens seems sharp ,  it was a big disappointment .
this halo game is not near as much fun as halo num_num or num_extend
she was very excited however we can see it s not a well made toy .
perhaps i ordered the wrong size ,  but you could see my back fat in this bra .
i don t recommend purchasing this item unless you plan to use it temporarily .
this product is totally far from what it is advertised to be .
i love roc products but this one i thought it was useless .
also ,  the padding is thinner ,  which means it doesn t absorb as well .
the lights are nothing more than shop lights from any home store painted black .
this sound card does not live up to what it promises .
i would be interested to know how many users wind up with shoulder pain after the first num_num months .
i saw no change in my dark circles with this product .
i bought this on a lightning deal and am very disappointed .
this pouch was too tight fit for the iphone num_extend with casing on it already .
that is the problem i have with this product .
i dont really understand why this game got good reviews .
would never order again ,  still have some that will be thrown out soon .
i mean really bad sticking to the point that the product requires almost full time attention .
i would never recommend this product for the following num_extend not made in us .
madden num_num wasn t too bad and with buying an xbox num_num i decided to pick up madden num_extend
every time i put it on the camera i feel like i will break it .
this case is no where near the quality i expected .
it was very gooey and i didn t smell a speck of the pleasant scent other reviewers have mentioned .
either way ,  just be sure you know the problem your cat is facing before buying this product .
this ball only lasted about three hours over two days .
i believe i ve used it a total of num_num times .
i tried everything and eventho i had no choice it still bothered me greatly that they couldnt come inside .
i love their music and the porn stars they used in this game ,  but this was just horrible .
i have always used stainless steel spring form pans and i guess i will return to them .
i have num_num of each of those left ,  a cranbran blueberrybran ,  appleberry ,  and chocolate fig .
this is the second one of these that has gave out on me .
i agree with some of the other reviewers in that the horse never bucks regardless of level .
i bought this as a gag gift for someone ,  but i didn t realize it was such flimsy plastic .
when i first called they said they would replace the whole unit .
this sweater is much thinner then i expected .
now i have to find another brand of shoe to wear for work ,  i need an all black shoe .
i have been using dmae cream and wanted to add a serum to my daily regemine .
that means ,  there is no spot on the radio dial that is free for a device such as this .
this is the third clamp lamp i ve purchased ,  but the only one from zoo med .
these are plastic sandals ,  and they seem cheaply made .
i ended up giving the rest of this away because the artificial smell and taste got to me .
we used this skimmer for a few months ,  but found that it removed very little waste .
i can t really attest to the health benefits of this product ,  but it tastes bad .
i used this just one time and it did the opposite of what it was advertised to do .
this is not the situation here ,  it was just sitting in the oven cooking at num_extend
we ultimately have no control over our fertility ,  god does .
at first the cable seem to work well but in a short period of time they quit working .
i purchased this product for my father from a different source ,  but the exact same model .
i bought this model refurbished for about $ and i m highly disappointed .
this is by far the worst cat litter i have ever purchased .
like so many other reviewers here ,  i cut myself several times with this .
i bought this product and it wasnt the real .
yes ,  i had the same result and no ,  i will never recommend this product to anyone .
whoops . while this didn t happen to me ,  i feel i should also mention my parent s experience .
thats it ,  nothing else do i like about this vacuum .
i do not hold out much hope it will last very long .
maybe i got a dud ? hope this was helpful .
it left a bad after taste in my mouth i cannot recommend this product .
i have had to call amazon to make sure i get my money back .
i played this with my children num_num to num_extend
i thought that this was going to be clear ,  when you put it on it appears to white .
i was really disappointed because nylabones used to be the only thing i felt good about giving my dogs .
if you read the reviews ,  it is a very common problem .
i have used this num_num or num_num times .
i will never ever buy this again for her .
i would have to kick the thing to get it to fill up again .
they were a mess !  both earrings had more than one stone that was set in crookedly .
another configuration is a full wavelength antenna ,  about num_num feet long .
this product was not delivered in the package that i received .
i eventually resorted to using my cheap kitchen shears which were much sharper and smoother than these  professional  shears .
i bought these due to the price differences ,  but they are so hard that i sent them back .
other than that its fragile , can be easily broken ,  the jewels wont come off unless you drop it .
i expected more from this brand even after reading previous reviews .
i have no plans to buy wranglers again ,  previously these were my go to brand for some num_num years .
the only reason it doesn t have num_extend to num_num stars overall is because people are ,  well ,  different .
timing seems less important in this game ,  compared to other titles . the moveset is incredibly limited .
but for now i have not noticed a difference .
hoped i would get more use out of these for what i paid .
i don t think these were very well processed ,  and i don t intend to order them again .
my original battery in the unit when i bought the car last num_num years .
my num_num month old rottie girl had the end chewed off and swallowed in less than num_num minutes .
this turned into frustration fast when we realized one of the talkies didn t work .
there are better foods at this price point .
i was eating these bars because i thought they were a great nutrition bar ,  but no longer .
also ,  creating your boxer s face is nearly impossible with the slow load time .
i am actually pretty bummed about the fact that it does not glow .
i will not buy from this seller again .
i ended up using electrical tape to shim the plug so could install it  .
i always thought you could trust sony to make great products but this radio is a piece of junk .
just like the title says :  it worked two weeks then died .
i do not recommend ,  would not buy again and i hope this helps .
i have never have had any affiliation with either company products mentioned in this review .
i ve used cuisinart processors for probably num_num years ,  but unfortunately the quality has gone to hell .
my kids and husband got sooo sick from this product !  !  !  shocking it was !  this is so not gf .
even with the lack of proper military sims on console ,  this one simply is not worth your time .
i haven t played a fighting game this hard in a long ,  long time .
plugged it in directly and works fine ,  so this was defective .
got more and more worn out over a short amount of time .
my friend ,  who also owns a num_extend asked if i had a screen protector on it .
i ve never had a problem with oily hair before .
other reviewers bash oblivion for having repetitive combat ?  yes ,  that s repetitive but this is really bad .
i tried running this on num_num different gaming computers that i have .
i ordered some sucralose from amazon ,  and when it arrived ,  it was a shocking small package for the price .
what a waste of my money !  i would not recommend this set to anyone !  .
there s no reason this product should contain soy ,  let alone gmo soy .
i bought this  leather  iphone num_num case before i received the iphone num_extend
but i m not sure the benefit outweighs the negative things about this lotion .
i really hate that i ordered this product .
the entire appliance is made of plastic ,  which doesn t hold up to daily use .
i was not at all happy with this item .
one died in num_num months and the other died in about num_num months . such a shame on cuisinart .
i ve used it a couple times ,  but it s difficult since it s broken .
this after market num_num pin connector works ,  but hardly gets the job done .
i wanted to love this product after the youtube video reviews but unfortunately ,  it didn t work for me .
i am disappointed that these boxes don t work as well as claimed .
the attachment did not seem very well designed ,  and i could see the drive breaking loose .
i want to be able to use more than num_num skills sometimes .
i had an old hair dryer from vidal sasson which was over num_num years old .
this is the second jw pump in under num_num months to fail on me .
to be honest ,  i don t feel like this product does much .
this model from the very first time i used it had a horrid battery life .
the arm of this actually put a permanent dent in my dash so be very careful with this .
after using cases from otter box ,  this case seems to offer very little ,  if any ,  protection for your iphone .
the two that i received before christmas were definitely watered down .
it seemed to work great until one day it just would not do anything .
this model was only $ more than the num_num cd player ,  so i went with it .
this product doesn t work ,  don t waste your money .
i tried the humidifier with and without the filter and cannot tell any difference in dust output .
sound does not sound good and not all function work a do not buy look for something else .
when i recieved the product every single screen protector had scuff marks on it .
you will be spending a long time doing this .
i figured i d be more careful with the second set ,  but they broke after num_num month .
the color is exactly what i was looking for ,  but the consistency is no good .
this pitcher is the worst industrial design product i have ever purchased ,  and i am almost num_extend
it is kind of musky and it just has a little too much of something that is not lavender .
also for something that might work and isn t much more than plastic ,  it s expensive .
this litter does work well at containing smells from pet waste ,  but nothing can stop its own overpowering smell .
this is a ridiculous price for what it is .
i know it probably sounds pathetic but i really did have a heck of a time with the bottoms .
my griffin iphone charge cable and some headphone jacks will not work with the commuter num_extend
i was a little disappointed with this ball and so was my daughter .
purchased this case for an iphone num_num and am kind of disappointed with it .
this toy is much too small to be safe for a dog ,  any size of dog .
they are what you d expect for something in this price range :  trashy and kinda lame .
they played with it a few minutes and on they went to other things .
never had such problems with my $ norelco .
would you be surprised ?  i only got num_num years out of a pair of klipsch outdoor speakers .
i have been looking to replace my electric razor and i tried this one .
their customer service has driven me to update my review and no longer do any business with the company .
this pkg contained the smallest millet i have ever seen  and i ve seen a lot of millet  .
after num_num months ,  my hair started to feel dry and had zero shine .
however ,  what they forget to mention is that this feature is phone dependent .
this can only tell you that my druid was bad .
my daughter was initially excited with this purchase ,  then quickly disappointed .
it is hard to find protective cases for htc evo num_extend with the thicker battery .
it reminds me of when you are traveling and your are just starting to lose the station .
will only hold a charge for about num_num hours .
you also need to plug it into a usb port to recharge it .
i have to remove the phone protection to put the phone inside this thing .
what is beyond frustrating for me and several other reviews that i have read is the saving system .
this thing is not worth what it costs .
it s been ruining my sensations for days ,  i decided to stop using this stuff .
it smelled nice . other than that ,  it did nothing .
didn t help with my acne ,  probably was just not the right match for my skin type .
i ordered size num_extend in storm blue for my daughter .
i purchased this based off of reviews and it did not work for my dog .
i will not be using this item again .
it s messy and doesn t absorb very well either .
thought this would work ,  but it s just messier than i prefer .
needless to say ,  i will not be buying this brand of air mattress again .
they re not sticky enough to actually stay on the phone for more than a minute .
read the one star reviews :  the seal at the top of this cup leaks .
this is especially awful sounding when used as an octave effect .
this was a christmas gift from a loving family member and it is terrible .
because that s what it sounds like is ,  just a loose piece of plastic inside the device .
as suggested by some other reviewers ,  i ordered the shoes size larger than i had in the past .
this film is not cut to the size that it need to be .
let me first say that this product ,  like many others may work for some ,  but not for all .
i  upgraded  to this model ,  thinking that something more expensive would last longer .
the driver s licences are annoying and seem much harder than num_extend
this definitely isn t what i ve come to expect from a lotion or the vaseline brand .
that is so frustrating because now she is still stuck with the same phone .
i am tired of this so i am not gonna contact amazon again .
it was awkward to say the least ,  switching back to the battery i had replaced with this one .
once paired with an iphone num_extend it will pipe all audio to the headset .
however ,  these lemon flavored packets  properly diluted with water  just didn t taste very good to me at all .
hello ,  this product did not meet my expectations .
i have only had this a couple of days and am surprised at the many negative reviews .
i took a flier on this after reading the reviews .
is there anything else we eat that tastes vaguely of tree ?  i couldn t have said it better .
finally ,  i ordered this shampoo based on the reviews i read .
due to this ,  i assume the previous great reviews are based on the former price .
i used the chi last night and it dried my hair out .
ive used several ruby lens scopes and this one does not even come close .
well the soles are so thin and flimsy that i can bend them every which way with little effort .
right out of the box ,  the only temp that wouldn t burn the waffles was one .
looking at other brands as i m very hesitant to buy this product again .
resolved .  i responded :  i want to make sure you know that my technical support phone call was incredibly unhelpful .
only when you add new catnip to this will they give it a second glance .
despite what other reviewers have said ,  i think the graphics in  vice city  are horrible .
this shoe does not have the quality that my older ones have .
after about num_num months the rim of the first one split .
i expected a $ dvd player to last more than a year .
my expectations were high for this one ,  especially since casecrown released their iphone num_num case months after other vendors .
you can believe me when i say that i would never have purchased this item for more than $
i just have a dog that seems to really be too smart for his own good .
i would not recommend this router to others .
so what s the deal with this num_extend as far as i m concerned it s a waste of money .
that doesn t really work so well . let me just go ahead and list all the horrible things about this phone .
i did not use this product for a very long time because i could not get past the smell .
if ,  like me ,  you think that s absurd ,  refrain from buying this game until ea comes to their senses .
we removed the glass section from the heater ,  and applied this product as directed by the manufacturer .
this means that it falls out and flops all over the place when wearing it .
senseless ,  really . if you have a dog that falls under this weight category .
my dogs love the squirrel dude so i had high hopes for this  not purchased from amazon ,  my bad  .
delivered with broken pieces . i have learned very hard way that there are not returns on this product .
i will not be recommending this product at all .
i feel it would damage my samsung galaxy num_extend connecter if i keep using this .
this will not last if your dog is a big chewer .
i really wanted to love it ,  but the lining does not go on consistently or thick .
they are not gluten free . the ingredients are basically what chips ahoy have .
this is nothing more than vinyl hose that might be used on newer washing machines ,  split down the middle .
you lose that silky feeling you normally have on the iphone screen .
i cooked this up last night into a horrible mush .
i ordered these and they do not fit .
this one was typical of the others that i returned ,  low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone .
cooked the eggs ok but just not good enough to keep .
another issue is the locking quality ,  it doesn t take much for a piece to separate .
i did give num_num stars because this dryer would probably be fine for a large dog .
so frustrated ,  the seller s item had good reviews .
i was hoping this would make my razor glide a bit better ,  and it definitely didn t help with that .
this pullover looks like a very thin sweatshirt .
i really wanted to like this seat and left it on my bike for a couple of weeks .
she is now num_num months old and has had this for num_num months .
i emailed customer service and they told me to wait a week to make sure before contacting them back .
my dog hears the nosie ,  very disappointing in this item .
even with instructions on the container ,  i have no flippin idea how to use this thing .
the telezapper has been a very poor substitute for ameritech s privacy manager which worked % of the time .
i immediately co washed with a conditioner . i am returning this bottle to ulta ,  where i purchased from .
this wouldn t be such a big problem if it just felt a little less awkward .
if ,  like me ,  you have more than one birdcage ,  you ll be short one clip .
when it arrived the pistol would not fit the holster .
the weight is much lighter than a real hitachi magic wand and it just does not have the power .
they manage to be both slightly too large ,  and slightly too small in several places .
i purchased this scope many years ago ,  before i knew anything about optics .
this would drive me crazy if i had a num_num year old who expected good pictures .
i would not order from this seller again .
after using this product for over a month i defintely would not recommend it .
this serum doesn t do anything at all ,  you might as well put water on your face .
i actually used it for about num_num months .
but this color ,  which looks beautiful in the compact ,  turned out to be a baffling dud .
there are also some serious clipping issues . simply put :  oni isn t worth your time .
would not recommend this product it cat has long hair subject to tangling .
often times i have been amazed to read num_num star reviews for truly awful games .
this game isn t as great as the nfl blitz series for nintendo num_extend
these snap bracelets are not worth the money .
i don t recommend that you buy this one if you want to know what your measurements are .
in fact ,  it seemed like i had more drag than usual .
healing time was always less than num_num hours .
i d return it ,  but it will do as a num_num inch skillet for me .
i purchased ionic screen protector for my galaxy note num_num after reading numerous reviews on amazon .
really bummed to because i was looking on buying this over and over again from this vendor .
i guess i m the only one that got a defective jabra supreme uc bluetooth headset .
i have had this router for num_num months .
what i ve noticed is that most other reviewers seem to be avid readers who use their ebookman s everyday .
i think anyone with a sensitive digestive system will have difficulty with prilosec .
if i wanted that i would have got air freshener which would have been less hazardous .
this took quite some time to figure out .
tried this on my left pedal ,  which was on pretty tight .
it was a rather lengthy list for a burt s bees product . i wouldn t buy this body wash again .
the second thing i noticed is that the display is very hard to read .
individual envelopes don t look like they will hold up well ,  but i won t use it very often .
i also hate how it takes such a long time to defeat some of the bosses in the game .
so i would leave them out for her in her dish ,  and they would get hard real quick .
so you cant do any sort of wifi with this unit .
this item had pretty mixed up reviews when i was buying them .
based on that alone ,  i cannot recommend this product .
and ,  last ,  but not least ,  i didn t notice any positive results using this product .
with this very liquid product i am not so sure .
i have never been more disappointed with a nail product ,  if i could give it a zero ,  i would .
however ,  i couldn t make it loud enough to hear them .
would not recommend buying this product until they redesign or make it better .
i gave it num_num stars because it does more harm than good .
i just assumed sony would be smart enough to make that a feature .
i just let him destroy it ,  took about num_num minutes .
i write a lot of positive food reviews here and there is nothing to say about these .
i ordered num_num of these bags for my bridesmaids .
case wasn t very secure on the phone either ,  i didn t trust it .
i read online that cordless phones using num_extend ghz cause interference in this product ,  and we have those .
reluctantly ,  i bought num_num more bras in different colors .
i am really annoyed that after spending good money on this ,  we only got through the holidays .
i m not optimistic that it will last very long ,  but we ll try to be very careful with it .
even gta num_num and num_num were better than this .
my older daughter asked if she could use some of her christmas money to pay for a subscription .
there are so many things wrong with this coffee maker i am not sure where to start .
i have purchased thick bully sticks from bbs before so i know what they should look like .
just like another reviewer ,  this brush broke within my first num_num minutes of use .
i read reviews before i purchsed this and thought i was buying what would meet my needs .
this game had some of the dumbest ai i have ever seen .
in order to get this ,  you have to vary your moves ,  which i don t have a problem with .
i bought num_num of these microphones and had num_num pairs of the walkie talkies .
if you have a smart cat they will get bored with this toy in a day or so .
i would not recommend this belt to anyone who is shopping for a business belt .
it was just ok until it broke about three weeks in .
i was really upset cause this is the num_extend product i got from this company that was defective .
bought this to help get rid of a horrible smell in my closet .
i ve had this for a little over num_num years .
this was not cheap and i expected it to last much much longer .
for that reason ,  i would not recommend this num_num dollar ky gel to anybody .
not very accurate when compared to pro equipment ,  nor from reading to reading .
low quality looks much better in the picit broke ten days after i bought it .
the four corner to hold the ipad not very secure .
this is a cheap knockoff ,  not the quality of the other jump ropes that i ve used .
and get this ,  my router is about num_num feet away through a wood floor .
this was the second one i bought because the first one ended up giving me a rash .
if you like having your pockets turned inside out every time you pull your phone out ,  but this case .
this very expensive squirrel buster is really nothing but a little better design on an old idea .
like many ,  i looked forward to this game for a long time .
i will not order again because i was afraid of breaking a tooth .
i would not recommend it for people looking for a repellent alternative in alaska .
i received this in a runny clotted condition .
case makes phone difficult to hold in hand .
i now not only think this seat is not more comfortable than my original saddle ,  it may be worse .
i wasn t really expecting much for the price and for the purpose of this item .
calling this a waffle iron is a long stretch of the truth .
minutes after i wrote this review ,  the unit won t power on any more .
i do not have a problem with the seller .
works ok but no better than dawn dish soap or many other spray cleaners that are less expensive .
i used this product for a long time in my teenage years .
this product was advertised as durable ,  for large dogs ,  etc .
my eggs took longer than normal to poach and did not cooked evenly .
this was not nintendo brand as the listing states ,  amazon should have quality control on this stuff .
but other than that ,  i have nothing but complaints about the bar .
i normally like teas and other things with ginger flavor ,  but i cannot recommend this drink .
i just received this today and will say i m very disappointed .
the fighting and movement controls were okay ,  but could have been more fluid .
these clips were useless for those problems because they have to snap securely around the seam between track pieces .
; update :  the more i used this the more it weighed my hair down .
if the right developers  id ,  valve ,  ea ,  monolith  were involved ,  this could have been impressive .
the very first time i used it to remove my tight support stockings ,  the end bent .
i ve had then for about num_num years and i hate them .
i really wanted some pain relief; i wanted this product to work .
i have a lab and we tested the max internet throughput of the num_extend at num_extend this is unacceptable .
i would never purchase this type item again !  .
our aggressive chewer had this rabbit flayed in under num_num minutes .
if no decoration ,  i will give you num_num stars .
let s see how long this one will function; after reading some of the other reviews ,  probably not to long .
this thing actually performed worse than the antenna that came with the wireless card .
i bought the govideo num_extend dvd recorder after this one .
gave it a num_num star review ,  not because it s bad necessarily ,  just not necessary .
and as a result ,  the cover refuses to go down and fit properly . i would not recommend anyone buy this .
if your buying this to sooth your pets gums ,  for teething ,  i give it num_num star .
i will use a different brand from now on .
tried this booster at various spots in the path to the tv and it made little difference .
long presses on the volume buttons will skip forward and backward .
for the price they are very sub par ,  and does not do what they claim ,  would never buy again .
oddly ,  the sonys seem to have much better battery life for me .
the first day i wore it ,  the sewing started falling apart .
the plastic cover doesn t seem like it will hold up with repeated use .
i have owned this machine for num_num years .
this did not fit well ,  very large arms and quite long  down to elbow  .
but this ,  to me ,  makes very little sense .
just what i needed to replace the dead battery in my watch .
and the bowl itself is made of very thin ,  cheap material .
this game is bad !  and this is coming from a gamer of num_num years .
anyways ,  i like to stay away from pantene .
stay away from this company .  .  . find a better product out of the many others .
no i won t be buying this product again nor would i recommend it .
it was used for about num_num minutes and then discarded .
its really annoying . i would recommend going with a gel case ,  that will absorb the impact .
i was so disappointed and had such high hopes for this product .
feels cheap in your hands ,  better off just switching batteries when you need to .
my dog had this for less than num_num minutes before the squeaker broke and the toy was in shreds .
i ll do that instead ,  and i won t bother buying another microsoft keyboard until they stop doing this .
i will try another toy for my cat next time and it will be kong .
i would not recommend doing business with this company .
the only thing red about this product is it s name .
the belkin liveaction camera grip with application for apple iphone num_extend does not contain any radioactive elements or isotopes .
i ordered large for a large dog and what i got were chews that were about num_num inches long .
yes ,  i recently got the num_extend error code too ,  after almost num_num years .
i have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these .
i experimented with the mccann s today ,  and i have to say that i don t like them at all .
i was disappointed when i received this cell phone cover .
there are many better options on the market and i suggest you steer clear of this one .
this game is really lame and dumb . here are some of the reasons i don t like this num_extend
i have other headphones with much better sound ,  but that is not the primary reason that i dumped them .
i used this product for just little but before i changed to a different case .
this was the worst electronics puchase i ve ever made .
i thought this would help so she did not have to take the meds .
this light takes num_num aa batteries and still gives off a pretty dim light .
when i attempt to draw this knife ,  the holster comes with it .
i guess i will have to stop fooling with these people too .
i ve recycled other jars with plastic lids and never had this problem .
made in china crap and not worth returning .
it lost all the motorization and sound functions within a couple of days .
would not recommend given the other ,  better choices out there at the same price .
sadly this is my first negative review of any product i ve gotten from amazon .
the problem with that is ,  they don t work very well for that either .
i would not pay more than $ used as this camera is over num_num years old in num_extend
i was so very disappointed with my purchase of the avalon thickening shampoo and conditioner .
the sound quality is very average at best with noticeably less bass than the original speakers .
i bought mine at costco on impulse and then i read the reviews here to see why this sucks .
i have num_num dogs that have to share this dog house and one is arthritic .
we have found green mountain s breakfast blend to be very bland .
i only wished you whined for something that really mattered ,  like more rpgs or less sports titles .
i will no longer purchase them ,  especially at that price .
if you are looking to increase your iodine intake ,  look no further than lugols iodine .
i was expecting this to be a good product and was disappointed .
if so ,  that is likely to adversely affect your use or enjoyment of this num_extend
peanut butter ,  chocolate chip ,  sounds awesome right ?  sadly these bars are not .
this price ,  described honestly ,  would have netted num_num stars .
i wont be buying this type of case for my phone ever again .
the sound coming from this headset is extremely tinny and shallow .
does not sound like a fart at all .  .  . i make better fart sounds with my mouth .
this kind of defeats the purpose of having something hold a bounce light on a subject .
take away its design and its no better made than any other feeder costing half its price .
i bought num_num of these and within a month num_num have broken clips .
the material is very cheap and it is not worth the money .
bought these for my nikon num_extend about num_num months ago .
feel like i paid too much for them .
this is your only choice ,  should you run out of space in the original drive .
i can not recommend ka pro mixers if you want a quality product for years to come .
they strive for one thing only and that is to distance themselves from any liability for the problem .
the only reason i didn t give this a negative star rating was because it is pretty reliable .
after reading the other great reviews here it is clear that we obviously got a dud .
this truck is much smaller than i expected .
i have words to describe this pump ,  .  .  .  .  . they are words amazon would probably not allow me to put in print .
i didn t like this product and it didn t help me will regularity .
granted ,  these are not processed sugars and are only natural sugars from the fruit juices the product contains .
we ordered the wrong size and the wrong case for the wrong phone !  .
the app used to integrate this unit with the phone is motorola my motospeak .
these are made of very low quality materials ,  but given the price ,  there is no shock here .
num_num on customer service . this is why the review is num_num star .
with only one exception i was never quite pleased with the resulting beverage .
i thought these puppets would have mouths that moved but i guess not .
this is by far the most extreme loudest earpeice i have ever put to my ear .
my dog must not be as patient as some other people s dogs that have reviewed this product positively .
no way will i purchase this item again or anything from this seller .
i didn t think that would be a problem because i didn t even buy one .
there s no question that the glass pans made in the u . s .
i honestly don t know what all the fuss is about with this product .
i ve seen many first aid kits ,  and unfortunately this kit falls well short of all of them .
i wish i could recommend this product ,  but i just don t have the palate for sickeningly sweet drinks anymore .
i probably should have purchased the small but you don t really know until you have and tried the product .
in fact ,  i can t find any positive point in this product thus i can t recommend it .
maybe i ll get lucky and the replacement mixer will last num_num years ,  too .
if i had know this ,  i probably wouldn t have purchased it .
like other reviewers i ve been on somewhat of a search for the holy grail of cheap headphones ,  i . e .
voice activated dialing doesn t work with my iphone num_extend
i wouldn t mind so much about the extra cost except that i really dislike the medium blue color .
he will listen to the music while i change his diaper ,  but that doesn t last very long .
however the fan motor broke after about num_num months .
i really needed some better directions with this .
not so with this model . the background noise on this set is simply horrible in my circumstances .
i ve had problem skin for about two years now and have tried just about everything to treat it .
preparing the dish is a bit of a pain ,  compared to the healthy choice frozen dinners .
if you have anything higher than windows xp for your operating system do not bother with this game .
i have had reliability issues with the product since its arrival .
the kit comes with a charger that wahl insists is the only charger you can use for their clippers .
this tiny little bowl is so not worth the price .
we go through first aid supplies like oprah goes throughspanx power panties shapewear .
these are the cheapest and thinnest  non balls  i have ever seen .
for one thing ,  this product does not even keep the lashes stuck to you for long .
if you want to look like you have cheap eyeshadow then use this product .
this stuff was beyond nasty and i can eat or drink just about anything .
bought a num_extend vornado heater less than num_num years ago .
also ,  the cover seems to be cheaply made from flisy material ,  definitely not worth the money .
if your dog is smaller than num_num pounds ,  it may not be a good choice .
this does not last half a day . i own other bose products and bought based on reputation and quality .
i am in the middle of a  dark green  area which means i should have great reception ,  num_num bars .
learning also not a great option because it cannot store very many learned functions .
by the time you peel the tab off to adhere it to your screen there s already dust particles .
again ,  this product description says oem by samsung .
i have tried to get various connectors to connect with this device .
i will not buy this product again and recommend spending a little extra getting a brass punch set .
i will have to first admit that i only have one day s experience with the gmini .
then ,  i noticed that the top on one of the num_num round boxes was broken .  .  . not very happy about that .
if you ve read all the reviews here at amazon on this game ,  you re probably pretty confused .
as other reviewers have mentioned the color is disturbing ,  an unappetizing solid purplish grey .
i am pretty picky about what they eat and this was a mistake .
i was looking forward to trying these heel traumeel pills for my back pain and joint pain .
now ,  with the xbox num_extend they have released yat another cheap port of the same old game .
it is terrible compared to the olympus i bought from amazon .
the bottom line here is that this product just doesn t do what it promises .
my dog is a power chewer and can rip these to shreds in less than num_num minutes .
it takes up too much counter space .  .  .  . enough said !  !  !  !  .
this was my first attempt at the horror genre .
i was looking for a basic timer with dial .
this has been going on for num_num weeks and the only change is the bag of food .
i certainly would not recommend that anyone buy one of these waring num_extend bar blenders .
the one cup handle bends when carrying one cup of sugar ?  !  i doubt they will last long .
so first off ,  i have to say that this product did get rid of my yeast infection .
not appropriate for the functional purpose of the product . would not buy this item again .
so i m looking for a product that will remove all the residue from my scalp .
with all of the hype surrounding this game ,  i thought it would be a whole lot better than this .
you will do better buying something much cheaper than buying this current formulation .
don t buy this stuff ,  you will be disappointed .
doesn t feel like it contains what it says it does .
if you hated the num_extend version ,  i suppose you might like this .
overall i was very hopeful that this device would improve my pets water intake .
this was not the best diet soda i have ever tasted .
the main squeaker broke in less than num_num minutes and th num_extend sqeaker in less than num_num hour .
i can t say enough bad things about the actual sound .
i will update later if we can get it to stay running . update :  talked with the mosquito magnet customer service .
i don t plan on purchasing this item again .
amazon was good about refunding but i was sad i did not get lentils .
this clearly isn t the product ,  unless you re looking for a product that heats up slower than rangetop or microwave .
i have had this scale for about num_num months .
i have an all stainless one myself ,  but bought this one for my fiance . the top is sooo annoying .
i am giving num_num stars for the nice chocolate coating but no stars for the nuts .
i really expected it to be an awesome blue tooth based on the name and all the other reviews .
and then i took like num_num tsps more .
the sound effects started having problems right away too .
i was totally blown away by the terrible quality of this rack .
and let s see again if this will be deleted once again .
i have been taking probiotics for several years now ,  and this brand really doesn t cut it for me .
much smaller than i thought they would be .
this unit was a great addition until the probe went bad after only a few months .
doing research it seems that thousands of people have reported severe staining with this product .
also , there is no open ended gameplay ,  you can only move to certain areas on the map .
these treats were quite dry when i received them ,  and my vizsla pup never liked them .
i was really excited to see a product that would fit a dd but i should have known better .
i have been drinking keemun congou tea for more than num_num years .
there are much better base coats out there .
notice my dogs eyes were getting worst after using this product .
this case fits a mega which is ass hell never again .
i know they are cheap but there could have been more rubber on the end .
i won t torture him with this product again .
long shipping time ,  very low quality ,  bad otterbox immitation .
the second ,  but probably most obvious ,  thing bad about this game was the graphics .
made my son sick ,  he took only num_num capsule it made him ill .
after reading the reviews and seeing the price ,  i decided i really had nothing to worry about .
if i m going to pay the money for them ,  then they ought to be in a much better condition .
save your money when it comes to this one .
i will use the remaining parchment papers but i won t buy this product again .
i dropped it about num_num times from my face to the sink and the head came clean off .
i did not like this product because the chips did not taste good .
i tried to clean this up so that my little one wouldn t have a mouthful of pillow pet .
this item worked for num_num months and then would not sync with my new phone .
these didn t help me much with my chronic  sacro  related pain .
i use the food processor more than the blender and have been disappointed with its design and performance .
this food processor  and others in this size range ,  i m sure  just don t have enough room .
looking at other reviews ,  i now have a hint as to why my num_extend stopped working so well .
the first problem i have with it is that it says that the bivy sack is waterproof and breathable .
all i have to say is that this game is horrible .
i am very unsatisfied with the quality of this product .
the dough was very globular thick ,  like cookie dough almost ,  instead of a brownie batter .
was not happy with the purchase so went with another costume .
the instructions say to wear the footpads for num_num days before you decide whether or not they work .
they don t always come off correctly then you have to throw the diaper away .
occasionally over the years i have tried to find this product and couldn t .
without the protection ,  i doubt that the beneficial effects are being realized .
i didn t see any results so i will not be purchasing this product again .
will keep them near the computer ,  but not for long term use .
after num_num week this one did the same thing .
my eyes feel gunky and watery ,  almost like there s an allergy . overall ,  i completely dislike this product .
i would recommend using your phone too charge battery s over this charger .
this is a usb hub that works only for devices that do not require power from the usb outlets .
however ,  this is the offer i can provide you as you have not purchased the program directly from us .
after reading in the description that chai drinkers would like this tea ,  i decided to try it .
the cost of what sony wants me to do is almost what i paid for this piece of junk .
i am returning this product because it simply does not work .
it would be fine on anyone with a broad wrist but not on an average or smaller wrist . pity .
i also felt that the suction wasn t very good compared to other similar machines i ve had and tried .
i then tried to get him to play with it ,  with me on the floor by tossing it around .
i used this product and i did not see a big difference in my dark circles and bags .
also ,  the people i talk to tell me they cannot hear me well .
looks like a lot of people really like this product ,  but this one isn t for me .
like someone explained earlier ,  you start off with right clik ,  fireball ,  click ,  click ,  run out of mana .
this dongle barely functions with the vzw samsung galaxy nexus .
i bought this on another site because i think i had a better price there .
well ,  i looked around for the horse but found nothing .
this is a old school gadget that no longer works well in modern age .
even then ,  you ll need to mix it with some sort of oil to cut down on the filmy residue .
the cooking surface is not coated with enamel and it will stick ,  every time .
i never got any customer support from this company .
you really need to run the wheat through several times .
they were not too small and not totally too big and did not fit in the leg or anything .
you ve got more chance of inflating your tire via mouth to tube inflation than you do using this pump .
i had high hopes of this working but after num_num months no pregnancy .
thirdly the battleground should have had alot more bodies laying around .
i love the sun protection ,  but this really isn t functional for an active baby .
i am very careful and have only used it a few times . the batteries seem to work ok .
however ,  that was more than i want to do every day ,  for every use .
that said ,  none of my four cats will touch this stuff ,  even though two of them eat almost anything .
guess i need to look at price before ordering since it was only like num_num dollars lol .
do not get this product unless your dog is not a strong chewer at all .
i definitely would not recommend this product to anyone .
this so called case gives no protection except from dust .
i have an older terk leapfrog at one house and wanted to install something similar at our vacation home .
oil evaporates much faster ,  it smells different .  .  .  .  .  . i would not be ordering this product again .
i purchased num_num sets of these and received them less than num_num weeks ago .
i am sure that with a few weeks or even day s usage this will be useless .
instead settle for a num_extend nintendo racer cause this game really is all cut out for playing material .
i returned this item num_num weeks after using it .
it was such a waist of money to me i hate this case .
num_num dollars for a pack like this just isn t fair to your die hard sims fan .
the reason why i returned this product was because it didn t really do anything for my skin .
i have installed several screen protectors previously and never was advised to wait an .
this product is not a perfect fit at all for the samsung galaxsy num_extend for sprint .
too bad amazon . com doesn t have a num_num star rating for this product ,  it deserves it .
i issue is the fact that they are only available in whole sizes .
i didn t feel that this was a very sturdy product .
but this season ,  the material is thinner and not the nice soft cotton feel they had before .
however ,  unlike most perfumed lotions this one s fragrance disappears almost as soon as you put it on .
i purchased this sizing ring guard to replace one that was becoming worn out on my ring .
i have purchased num_num of these and both broke within weeks .
i don t notice any difference in my hair or styling when using this product .
they just don t work well at all and are hard to use to get any sort of shape .
most of the things that i would want to cook take less than num_num minutes .
i wish i would have know that before wasting money on these .
not only that ,  but the quality of the sound was so poor ,  it really did not sound like water .
i have been disappointed in my pyrex ones as the printed measurements keep on coming off .
if you have a problem with perfumes ,  avoid this product .
i would not give this or recommend this product for any dog .
after num_num months ,  there was zero difference with my abs .
this was no better that the one dollar product i had purchased from ebay a week earlier .
i would not recommend this to anyone and i am now looking for a better ,  probably more expensive frother .
this will work for a short time only .
if this was my first bluetooth headset ,  i probably wouldn t buy another one .
the num_extend roaster arrived with one broken handle .
i am sure they are a hit with some ,  just not with us  :   .
piece of junk even though it cost almost nothing .
this item is definitely not up to charbroil s normal standards .
after about two weeks ,  it got so bad i just need to throw it away .
so i ate a piece of stale mint gum ,  which trust me tasted better than this mouthwash .
the battery replacement compartment is on the back on this dollhouse not the bottom ,  like the sweet sounds one .
i am % disappointed with this purchase and warn you to beware of plastic framed rolling dr office chairs .
i ve only used it a couple of times because it is very heavy and a hassle to use .
this product is overpriced for what you are getting .
my step kids get them in bulk ,  as they break too easily .
i m sorry starbucks ,  i have nothing against you ,  this coffee was just a big disappointment .
bought some goat tuff from my local shop so this glue went right in the trash .
i do now know why ,  but this simply is not a good game .
consider its high price ,  i do not recommend this unit .
they must have been on a low budget making the game .
this is the first time i have tried this type of aroma diffuser .
nothing but garbage !  fram could nt care less about the life of your car .
have only used it a few hours but it will not track a dvd beyond about an hour .
but the hassle that goes with using it isn t worth me using this again once my bottle is finished .
if you know what i mean by an old powdered scent .  .  . you ll know what i mean .
they never did find the hanging toy inside even with some help .
maybe this was just a one time happening and someone else who purchased it had no problem .
it would freeze constantly during the past num_num months forcing me to remove the battery for a restart .
returning is a pain so i m out $ and we ll have to order from another place .
in the first place ,  this will not work with the otter box protective case .
shipped direct from china ,  the tool arrived num_num days after i ordered it .
this item is very disappointing it is so flimsy that it is unusable .
battery compartment door does not close correctly when batteries are num_extend
how hard would it have been to include a hinged num_extend the clothing does not fit each doll .
this is definitely the worst protein bar that i have ever tried .
i bought this to help my dogs  dry skin but i didn t notice a bit of difference .
he was then very annoyed ,  told me that i didn t know what i was talking about ,  and hung up .
i bought this one after my old one broke ,  and this one gives off to much static .
as with the aiwas ,  the left ear piece stopped functioning after a few months .
it s much better in landscape mode ,  but still no where nearly as accurate as iphone .
i would definitely not buy this again or recommend it .
i still have units well over num_num years working fine . bad qc really doesnt fly with me .
do yourselves a favor and stay away from this one .
so i didn t think twice when i added it to my regime almost num_num years ago .
i unfortunately will not be buying these again .
one thing that immediately bothered me was the location of the release button .
i m not pleased with this purchase at all !  .
also ,  definitely hard to clean ,  very messy  per other reviews  .
i ordered one the first of june open the box flew it once was not very happy with it .
now because it bends so much ,  it does not cut well anymore .
why num_num stars ?  this thing gives my dog an unfair advantage in the house .
it looks nice but cannot be sensibly used by anyone who is serious about monitoring their weight .
the battery looks just like an original but does not perform like one .
first thing out of the bag you notice that it feels a bit on the flimsy side .
not only the worst otterbox but even the worst case i have ever bought .
if it had been for myself ,  or we hadn t procrastinated ,  i would have sent it back .
i m sure that for $ you can find a much better basketball system which i intend to do .
cascade may have worked better because it is liquid and finish is a hard detergent .
i have no idea why this is; there may be an understandable reason ,  but it is nonetheless very disappointing .
i watched the battery life just drain in a matter of num_num minutes .
if i let my beard grow more than a couple of days ,  the braun can t cut longer whiskers .
i bought it for saturn ion num_extend but it didn t work for the car . unfortunately ,  it was useless for me .
at last ,  i sent my problem to amazon customer service .
and compared to te red faction series ,  this game isn t even close .
also ,  all of the dings that needed to be touched up leave me skeptical of the long term num_extend
it works for some things but is not suitable for my main purpose .
wouldnot order these again not impressed with the product at all .
it is surprising electronic arts could have ever thought up something this stupid .
i am dissapointed in this product and will not buy again .
overall ,  i think this tea is too expensive at $ for num_extend
maybe i have a small or narrow head but without a good seal ,  these will not work properly .
i thought this would be a better option .
they should not be used for anything more than going to a costume party as the blues brothers .
my birds wanted nothing to do with these .
saw this and thought i was buying a  henckels  quality flatware set and am disappointed .
they say that they fit our evo num_extend but they are to large leaving bubbles on the screen .
however .  .  . after using this battery for a while ,  i started to have issues with my phone doing weird things .  .  . crashing ,  etc .
me ,  i hate dates . and ,  as others have mentioned ,  they are really small .
wouldn t recommend .  .  . unless wherever you buy it has a generous return policy ,  just in case .
they just disintegrate in your hands as you are trying to pull them out .
i do not recommend this product ,  poorly made and no scratch effect .
believe me ,  it took me num_num minutes just trying to wash the blueberry residue off the gap once .
anyway he used it for num_num days a little blown up and then it popped ,  so back it went .
however ,  the peanut spread is the worst product i have ever used .
every time you open the lid all the wire brushes stick to the top and come out of place .
this is a plastic sandwich type holder for the flat num_num wire connector .
don t trust num_extend i know what i m doing .
my grado num_num is more than num_num years old .
would not recommend . i highly recommend spending about $ for the cable .
i tried it on and it still hangs in my closet ,  i will never wear it !  .
i was really surprised at the poor quality of the sound on this cd .
i ve tried so many different supplements which seem to work at first and then eventually stop working .
however ,  in this case ,  it s not at least fun like in others arcade racers .
when we applied it they acted like it didn t even bother them .
this bread does not even come close to real bread .
you can buy a dvd player for not much more than this way overpriced piece of junk costs .
also ,  the watch would last for about num_num hours before it would stop working .
i have had this for about num_num weeks and already it has stopped working .
if you have a laptop that has cooling fans ,  this is probably not the ideal product for you .
the product arrived on time ,  without cloth bag which was okay because it all went into the trash .
however ,  this gizmo is completely unnecessary if you do not share your brushheads with other people .
been using bore snakes ever since they were invented .
oh ,  bungie ,  if you re reading this :  make an ending that the gamer will like and not one the blows .
or worse ,  a complete wasted num_extend the worst problem with this is the mount .
the seller has not contacted me but i suspect that they knew they were defective when they obtained them .
when it arrived i thought to myself that the filter holes look a bit larger than expected .
falling apart after a couple months of weekly use .
i would never ,  never have purchased this item if i had known that .
this tool is supposed to be used to pull the cranks together so that they seat onto the bearings .
photos looked the same after as before when i tried this product .
but because of these flaws i would recommend you to not buy this game .
received these figs from amazon and was horribly disappointed .
they are shapeless and have very little cushion .
ive tried all sorts of sport electrolyte beverages and have been disappointed with them all .
i tried using this frame pump because my rear tire seemed a bit low .
this thing makes a tee shirt and tooth paste look like break through technology .
but i will not be purchasing another one of these .
we aren t happy with this purchase at all and i will never buy this brand ever again .
i gave this product a low score because i have not received it yet .
this stuff stinks horribly and leaves a terrible film on hair .
this item is not worth the money spent on it .
they are built to look just like my pans .
i was using this kettle to heat water for tea every day .
considering that this shirt looks so ratty after one wash ,  this is a very disappointing purchase .
they are higher in calories than i would like ,  coming in at num_num per bag .
they haven t undated the firmware in over two years ,  which apparently has caused many problems .
it became so old that covers were breaking off and i had to tape them together .
so i bought this cable as a back up ,  and it didn t really work .
i gave this case to my boyfriend for christmas .
don t be mislead by the other reviews here that describe this game as something its not .
our first lasted about a year ,  before an internal part popped off and couldn t be repaired .
this product went back and we now clean our dogs  eyes with a damp cloth .
for the most part though ,  they ignore it .
i am not sure where to put this product .
i have one output monitor on a num_num foot cable ,  another on a num_num foot cable .
however ,  i am totally dissatisfied with this product after just a few uses .
i think they should have put stuffing or something around the mechanics of this toy .
they wouldn t refund me ,  even though the unit was still within the num_num day warranty .
i ordered my standard num_num num_extend and they were too short and narrow .
kind of pointless to have a stationary truck ,  don t you think ?  i returned it right away .
this one ,  like the others ,  doesn t seem to do anything for me .
i have been using rose water for my face with two different brands .
either one would be much better choices for preschoolers than this one .
this may work great for those who have an occasional insomnia ,  but not so much in my case .
the product itself didn t cost them a customer ,  their customer service did .
the cable arrived on time and in good condition ,  but it is not a cat num_extend cable as advertised .
these are the most uncomfortable ear buds i ve ever tried and i ve used various earbuds over the years .
i bought this heating pad but will be returning it due to lack of satisfaction .
it s really weak ,  much weaker than i had anticipated .
the picture on amazon makes it look like it sits up on the neck ,  but it doesn t at all .
still looking for a better quality as these will clearly not last .
i highly recommend you not to buy this .
i find myself subconsciously looking for a light switch on the wall every time i enter a new room .
personally i think they are way less accurate than your finger .
i returned the cable ,  they were really good about that ,  but i did not get all my money back .
i put this on my cat num_num times over a num_num month period .
i haven t used any other comparable product so i have no basis for comparison .
i thought i would go cheap as i have not had a problem with the mats at my studio .
despite the unique and useful design of this product ,  i would not recommend it .
they sent me a new one for free and that one broke in num_num days .
really wish they had been like the old ones .
they are very cheap looking and they feel that way as well .
bought for my mom  .  .  . picture does not do justice .
this size num_extend was the smallest i have ever tried .
with num_num reviews ,  i guess i m not gonna make much of a difference .
no i really like these products but this one was so bad .
as other reviews have pointed out ,  this device does not hold a charge .
this is not the battery that came with my phone ,  the sprint epic num_extend
sometimes a button press would do nothing and other times it would half way work .
i should have ordered a more expensive set ,  but will save this for some occasion or give it away .
all of them have butler creek scope covers ,  and i have been using them for over num_num years .
i bought this case because i like the fake otterbox cases .
i bought this product based only on the cusinart name .
the screen worked good for about num_num months and then it went bad .
again ,  i would not recommend this toy guitar .
i d have to say i ve used over num_num bottles of cell food in my life .
i had really high hopes for this toy ,  but she won t go near it .
well ,  it should have been called extra long ,  not extra large .
it took about num_num seconds to connect and hasn t dropped since . sound .
after num_num months of use one of the plates stopped working again .
now ,  after just shy of num_num years from the time i purchased it ,  it quit working again .
it would have been nice if there were several sets of wheels so you could make various vehicles .
unless of course u lose the one that came with the nintendo ds .
i bought one to put in my cell phone and my wireless data internet card and no difference .
very hard to work this case !  !  !  and will notrecommend !  !  and i bought num_num of them and through them away .
all in all i won t be purchasing this product again .
this did case did not hold up very well .
i wanted to like this ,  i really did ,  but the product is just not what it should be .
i wasnt thrilled with this toy and either it didnt work properly or it s even worse than i thought .
i will buy nothing from this hypocrit company .
i dont even need it now i sent the phone back and i got a different phone now .
it is not possible to give this product a valid review with such a small sample size .
i threw this away after making three drinks with it .
this is the one item i have purchased on amazon that actually disappointed me .
this is a very expensive product that is a waste of money if it doesn t work for your dog .
she has had nothing but problems with this phone .
this cord was rarely used ,  maybe num_num times total .
disappointed that it didn t last more than a couple months .
the bottom line ,  this is just instant coffee ,  no bells and whistles .
this phone is awful !  for starters ,  activation alone is enough to almost make you want to return the phone .
i have been using it for over num_num yrs .
i was shopping in my local grocery store and passed by an endcap with this coffee .
good for maybe a cat but if you have dogs i would pass on this purchase .
i was not very happy with this flat iron .
we have been using this product for so long .
i get dizzy within num_num minutes after using this stuff and feel like passing out .
maybe i just have a picky rabbit ,  but she could care less about the yougurt drops .
i was not pleased at all with this purchase .
i feel foolish now for buying this product after seeing that it had a high rating .
a product called deoxit num_extend available on amazon should do the same however you shouldn t have to do this .
is not water proof and if not pre tested it would have ruined my brand new iphone num_extend
when i received this ,  i was surprised how small the container was .
half the time you cant even tell if they are in a formation or not .
maybe i have been lucky to not break it .
just purchased num_num of these and neither one of them stick on tile for more than one minute .
i thought maybe it would be a little better than nothing at all .
i bought this grinder elsewhere ,  but it is the same grinder .
i can see it now ,  the first time it s used ,  the plastic snapping .
i have to sweep endlessly around that one after i empty it each day .
had i seen this in person i would not have purchased .
you will have issues with it collecting dust .
i would shop around and check out reviews on other kits before considering this one .
i can t imagine trying to crack nuts with them if they bent on a crab leg .
they say on the packkage that they will not wash off walls or clothing .
so ,  i was looking for a product that would condition ,  strenghten and protect my hair from heat damage .
this product has many great documented features ,  but it doesn t deliver anything but grief as nothing hardly works .
also if you have restless legs  which i do  it is too confining to tolerate .
after doing this i confirmed that indeed this product has a defective plug and consequently returned it to amazon .
have wasted $ buying many of these all from different vendors ,  can t find a good one .
it was only in num_num that i actually played through the original  the legend of zelda  .
have had a few samsung chargers like this one before ,  and they honestly don t last very long at all .
all is all i was disappointed with this product .
it s actually easier than a glass measure because of that . there is ,  unfortunately ,  a downside .
however ,  other than being too small i think i would have liked it .
bought number num_num for a second home ,  meaning it gets very little use ,  and it s still there and working .
these are hands down the worst pair of workout boxers i have ever bought .
i filled it and gave it to her ,  and she chewed it into pieces in less than an hour .
the fan is used an average of num_num times a week for about num_num hours each time .
save your money and buy a player that lasts more than num_num years .
will be looking for a different one to use as this doesn t work like i thought it would .
this product is much more expensive yet is the worst i ve ever purchased .
it happened a few times when i used this product .
i m confused by all the num_num star reviews because i don t like this product at all .
from the packaging i don t think they ll be very durable .
overall ,  i had high hopes for this product but they sadly fell short  : c .
the first time i ordered this it never came .
you spend a lot of time just running around ,  and not actually shooting anyone ,  which i find boring .
i just can t believe that a high end ,  expensive ,  waffle maker does not have removable grids for easy cleaning .
he said he would keep them but not to order them again .
to start with the timing of the controls make it very frustrating .
it is like they didn t even try when they designed this set .
this cheap little helicopter was pretty fun but didn t last . my num_num year old pretty much destroyed it .
i have been giving my dogs these treats for a long time and they won t eat any other treats .
do not buy these batteries and this little  handy kit  if you want a battery you can rely on .
this is the first time i ve ever not finished an ff game that i bought .
i ve tried many brands of dried apples over the years but these are the worse .
this is not as good as the opti soothe product for ear cleansing or soothing .
i bought this thing for my mother because of limited counter space .
the flavor just wasn t hitting with this product .
i would have rated this num_num if not for the issues noted above .
they are cheap ,  but i will not be ordering any more .
but there just wasn t anything to go back for with this particular product . review by m .
i will possibly try another brand next time i buy .
even after testing the cake with different additives ,  like chocolate ,  coconut , etc ,  it still tasted weird .
i also purchased num_num different types of pellets to get an accurate zero on this rifle .
for the old sizing ,  i own no pairs of crocs but have tried many models .
i really had hoped this shampoo would help him .  .  . it didn t .
i ended up throwing this out after a couple weeks because i hated the smell so much .
personally ,  this is the worst tanning lotion ive ever used .
i am usually very happy with oxo products ,  but this one was a disappointment .
even a good price doesnt save this bad product .
i bought these for my grandson and he could not get his foot into them .
they ve lost a client who otherwise would have stayed with them .
i never had any problems with the handle .
even for a phone or other bluetooth device i would not recommend this product .
as others have noted ,  it is a num_num cm .
when these sit on the shelf too long they get old and hard and crack .
when i bought this toaster oven ,  i filled out that little card for the warranty .
i contacted amazon online ,  explained the issue and they gave me a $ refund .
have no idea how to get hold of the supplier to deal with this problem .
this knife is bad !  !  i dont know what the other people got ,  but this knife is horrible .
its not a tight fitting case for this phone .
this is a very basic first aid product for a small office .
i purchased this product in num_num at our local costco store .
it seem to be made well ,  it s just to short to match up to size num_num pants .
i have been using the num_extend for num_num months now .
i contacted the seller and was told they would send a replacement right away .
i have searched for a different style handle and used my primus one but it is too small .
our goldendoodle puppy tore a hole in this within num_num minutes of opening up the shipment .
the motor seems to run at inconsistent speeds ,  even with a brand new battery .
purchased this from amazon and it broke within num_num months .
i wonder if this product is suppose to have some scent ,  because mine does not .
the layout of the menu is not very user friendly .
this product is much smaller than described and a large didn t fit a small dog .
thanks to this useless cover our sandbox has become a habitat for about num_num different kinds of bugs .
if you have nothing at all ,  this may work ,  but it s really not worth the money .
this kvm switch looked like it would be just the thing i needed .
i get much better performance from a cheap $ tape adapter .
if you are just starting out get a syma num_num to start around num_num bucks on amazon .
since almost num_num percent of soy in america is gmo ,  i don t recommend this product .
there were better ways to utilize the touch screen in this game .
that ,  and a num_num inch piece of duct tape across the middle should hold this thing in place .
i can get through the first level ,  but after that ,  i can t get much further .
i have bought num_num of these in the past num_num months .
i imagine most people would look at it and be terrified to try to put it in their bodies .
i am very disappointed with this product from sony .
it could have been a lot worse . this review is no reflection on the seller .
i do not see any other benefits and will not purchase again .
i thought this attachment might make the process easier ,  but it doesn t work .
i have tried three different litter maid boxes .
i ended up buying from amazon ,  because they were cheaper .
then ,  after about num_num minutes of watching ,  the picture froze .
i should have known that anything with atari , looks like atari .
i have not found a replacement but beware there are issues with this headset .
but there are so few characters to choose from that its really laughable .
i would nor recomment this collar unless your dog has a very short nose .
it was only after using my wife s lg optimus that i realized how awful this phone truly is .
after reading the reviews ,  i knew i was taking a risk by purchasing this item .
this is the num_extend replacement head i bought for the phillips body groom num_extend
this is not what i would expect of an expensive product .
the foam was very hard ,  my legs felt as if they were airborne .
the peel tabs ripped off when . i attempted to remove them to place the screen protector on my phone .
given this belt is only num_num months old ,  this is unacceptable quality ,  even at this price point .
the only thing i like about this bra is the color  rosewood  .
i have probably used it num_num or num_num times ,  and the tree is broken .
unfortunately ,  my dog ,  bella ,  chewed through the edge of it in about num_num minutes .
not very happy with this so i am not sure i will buy any more of this particular brand .
these are just not as good as they re supposed to be .
i would really like to find a true num_num ppm silver solution .
they should partner up with some company that makes those since their buds are so horrible .
i think it s hit or miss whether this product works for someone .
first trip into the water with this set and i knew there was a problem immediately .
but if your looking for an entrenching tool with a usefull saw built in ,  then don t buy this .
i don not recommend this tool because the plastic is not strong enough .
this blow dryer has more gimmicks than a food processor .
next ,  i bought this version without the base ,  and found it impossible to deal with .
my baby only liked the when he was in the phase where they chew on everything .
i really wanted to like this but it just seems like a waste of space .
when i received this case in the mail i thought i would use it ,  but i don t .
for the price of this product ,  they really need to fix it .
it only gets worse with time just like most electric can openers .
the color shoes comes off very easily ,  luckily they are popping off and not broken off .
i wasn t able to use this product right away .
this review is mostly for those of you  like me  that don t have a gamepad for your computer .
the first time i used it i mixed it with water .
i have looked for some time to find a replacement for my beloved micro sprayer .
if this were the only wii game there was ,  the wii wouldn t have sold num_num copies .
i used this product every day for about num_num weeks to clean my soft contact lens .
the buttons were very difficult to work if they worked at all .
i bet you could finish the game in less than num_num without the side missions .
i bought this feeder about num_num months ago and should have taken it back then .
i have been wearing cheap joe boxer  boxer briefs  for years and wanted something better .
i can no longer recommend this phone case because of its poor workmanship .
however ,  this product hasn t been officially tested for efficiency or safety .
the bubbles are little more than crayola paint with a tiny bit of soap in it .
i have this grill and i just cannot take the white ,  sickly looking hamburgers it creates .
this is the worse num_num bucks i have ever spent .
mine never went away and i used this product faithfully for num_num weeks ,  night and daytime .
within num_num minutes my cat disconnected the entire wand from the mechanism .
so ,  what s not to like ?  i bought about five containers . oops .
i d like to use this product if they would use an oil that isn t harmful to wildlife .
guess i will be saving these for anyone else that needs them .
the plastic also does not fit well with the silicon and fits loosely on the phone .
i ve been using the battery for num_num months now and it s almost dead !  the battery barely lasts one day .
at chpt num_extend the dvd player hangs up ,  freezes ,  and eventually skips ahead about num_num minutes into the movie .
just spent the money on a real military folding shovel ,  not much more and you know it wont break .
if it were not for the cant and the lack of symmetry ,  this would be perfect .
i purchased these num_num months ago and i already have holes in the heels .
it is also very difficult to remove once it dries .
i also hate to say ,  based on what i saw ,  i will not purchase anything audio from them again .
this product worked well for about num_num year ,  then it crapped out .
i ve never had this problem with factory made cables before and i ve been buying these since the early num_extend
when i told the kids ,  they shrugged and said ,  okay ,  it wasn t that much fun .   .
wanting more i purchased this one expecting to get much better product since i was paying twice as much .
it comes off easily and does not protect very well .
another factor in rating it a num_num is there is no manufacturer contact information included with the hose .
i really wanted to like this device ,  but it makes it very hard to do so .
i will say if you have a tactical or bigger this probably isnt the product for you .
i could not get more than a few bites in before i just chucked it .
it honestly looks like it hasn t had an upgrade since num_extend
i didn t have any luck with this product !  .
this is not at all suitable for any environment . the unit moves very ,  very little air as well .
the other thing i really noticed is the the unit would flop around in my ear all the time .
these are very small sizes ,  probably worth thre money ,  but they weren t very moisturizing .
i strongly disliked this product and it wasn t what i expected .
seller requested a positive review but i can t do that because this is a counterfeit product .
the clean cord would up exactly as it should have with no slippage .
don t let my experience alter your decision to buy this .
i have been ordering these hats for a few num_num years .
first ,  there s nothing wrong with the pan itself .
also the facet fitting is cheap plastic rather than brass like the python .
i did not have any problems with older mice .
it was far too tight around my dog s neck ,  although the chest part fit fine .
it stop working after num_num months !  !  !  !  not happy .
spent hours of messing around with this thing .
after reading reviews ,  i was excited to get this food for my num_num year old cat .
when i first got this game ,  i found it to be boring not too soon after getting it .
the problem is that ,  after the great opening sequence ,  nothing happens .
no cage match ,  ladder match ,  or even barbwire matches . overall ,  if your a long time wrestling fan ,  buy this game .
i have had this mill for over a year .
i would not recommend this to someone looking for a nude shade lip stain .
i tried using the mix to make kettle corn in my stainless steel popper ,  but it wasn t great either .
i also chose this product because one of the comments said that it does not contain soybean oil .
they really should measure up when cutting before they charge num_num dollars for their product .
wish i would ve reviewed this item before purchase .
and as with everything else ,  it could not be fixed . run ,  don t walk ,  away from this monitor .
i didnt like the smell and would not ever purchase again .
i read that these were better than the now psyllium ,  but unfortunately it did not work for us .
on monday july num_extend after taking it off the charger it would no longer pair with my phone .
this product looks and feels great but is complete junk .
even after using it repeatedly ,  it never got seasoned enough ,  and it also started to develop rust spots .
i ve been using this stuff religiously along with the toothpaste and my kitties teeth are still a wreck .
have not been able to wear my boots and have had them a long time .
amazon refunded my purchase price ,  and unfortunately i was unable to order the product with a reasonable expiration date .
so this is the num_extend different screen protector i ve bought .
the product is now totally useless after a couple of months of careful use .
he back legs don t seem to have benefited at all from this product .
i ordered two bottles that came in really cheap packaging with one dispenser .
didn t seem to help in the car either ,  but i don t really need it there .
i really have my doubts about this thing .
i also purchased the corresponding conditioner which was equally useless .
i have to admit i only used this once .
i don t throw it down and i keep it away from heat .
you would think that this company would of realized that by now .
so just be careful when you buy a protective case that is supposedly going to protect your phone .
overall ,  i would not recommend spending the money and hoping it works .
i bought this with the promax system and it just does not hold in place .
also consider that rye is more dense than typical sandwich bread and it still did not withstand this process .
if you have a very big eater  more than num_num cups  this also won t be the bowl for you .
i was looking forward to using this brush based on the reviews on amazon .
this product did not brighten my under eyes only made it look worse .
i have to say i m sorry i bought this product .
this is num_num inch wide and really does not make much sense .
i wish you better luck shopping for your vacuum than i had with mine .
i absolutely would not recommend this if your dog has any kind of allergies or sensitive skin .
this was messy and it didn t dry my polish very well . i won t be ordering this product again .
i have four cats and none of them cared for this product .
i have no idea how this has so many good reviews .
with hot water ,  it feels like a child s pool toy that s been left out in the sun .
i have received at least num_num bad items ,  perhaps more .
they even look like they were made for men with skinny legs .
my dog num_extend lbs of chewer  broke this bone in half in num_num seconds .
these must have come from the reject pile .
i stoped using this product num_num weeks ago and have been losing eyelashes .
the only good thing about this product is the weak energy kick i got from it .
i purchased this feeder for several reasons :  num_extend
this is the first nintendo ds superhero video game that i ve sold off .
i m not sure how this helmet got the great reviews it has .
i was not that impressed with this product .
i would maybe recommend but i don t think i would be purchasing this again .
the clear case does not show up well on the back of the phone .
i was very disappointed with the quality of the jean material .
the sides are made of very flimsy plastic that bend easily .
however ,  i can t help but admit that this game is just not all that great . so save your money .
this will be the last one i take a chance on .
only one still works after a year  not this one  .
it s not just generic ,  which would have been fine ,  but ugly .
this item fits men s bikes great but does not work well on a lady s bike at all .
they are so thin and flimsy that even pulling the num_num trays apart rips them .
i have tried other macadamia nut oil that was much better .
i didn t use this very long because it seemed to really increase my appetite .
i will not be buying this product again .
it is truly a shame . not worth the full purchase price .
i ve never had watercolors do this before  and we go through a lot of them at my house  .
now i have this hugh bottle of num_num soft gels ,  and i don t know if they are even effective .
they aren t the cheapest dvd burners you will find ,  but in this case ,  you get what you pay for .
the warranty is only for num_num days ,  so now i have to purchase another cell phone .
poor guy ! anyway ,  it arrived within a week with free super saving shipping .
i think i will just hand feed them for now on it was just as fast .
i could easily bake a much better cake at half the cost and twice the quality .
they must have changed the formula  :   i won t be buying this product again .
this is a much smaller complaint ,  but i found it uncomfortable .
this time there wasn t a super sweet taste ,  more like metallic or something .
purchased this for my num_num year old grandson s birthday and when i opened the package i was so disappointed .
i thought switching to this brand would save me some money .
as others have stated ,  there is no instruction manual .
these are definitely the worst snack i have ever purchased in my life .
i did not use this product for more than num_num days .  .  . each time forcing myself .
my dog does like it . would i buy it again ?  no .
what a disappointment !  this is the weirdest toy i have ever purchased .
really disappointed with this and we ended up buying a new camera soon afterwards .
they are tight so not too comfortable to wear for long periods .
i would never recommend this piece of junk to anyone ,  i am very dissatisfied with it .
i have no idea how this is getting so many good reviews .
we are never letting them play with these squirrels again because they aren t safe .
i ve been testing this thing for over num_num months now .
this is not a top of the line coffee maker with bottomline features .
after this incident ,  i am most assuredthat this will not happen again .
i bought him at least four other different brands ,  and this was ,  by far ,  my least favorite .
when your computer is plugged in ,  it should not run down to % when being used .
i waited over a year to review this item to make a proper review .
we won t be purchasing from this company any time in the future .
and please ,  don t tell me i don t  clean it good enough ,   that s corporate crap .
these glasses did not appear to be hd glasses ,  nor did they have any effect on preventing glare issues .
i wish i had ,  i could have used the money for a really nice dinner out .
this unit didn t work very well . the collar seemed like it would turn off randomly .
i need to find someone whose eyes are really far apart and give them to them .
it didn t have to be fancy ,  it just had to play records with the minimal amount of distortion .
compared with any other clothing i wear ,  including other cotton tanks ,  this product is substantially undersized .
it will just add bulk to your phone and not do much more than than .
she is now ok ,  but we will not be buying this food again .
i threw the box away never thinking there would be an issue ,  very discouraged by this .
i opened the package less than a half hour ago and the case is in the garbage already .
long story short ,  if you have issues with aspartame ,  do not get this product !  !  .
this product does not hold my toddler s attention in the least .
the graphics are okay but could be so much better than what they are .
once again this is the second time i have purchased an otterbox on amazon and received a counterfeit .
i don t understand why it did ,  it looks just like the real one that comes with the phone .
there are a few reasons i am not pleased with this device so i am returning it .
that shower literally has not been used for num_num months .
it s labeled  dark chocolate  ,  which it is ,  but it s also very ,  very bland .
i m very upset that i only got to wear them once because they weren t exactly cheap .
add to that an oscillation system that began making noise about num_num days after purchase .
this game is to dark to see anything and hard to play with the controls provided .
this means that you must have a computer with a usb port if you want to charge it .
i know they have an aftertaste to some ,  but i ve never had an issue with those two .
i would not recommend this product at all to anyone .
bought these ,  and after about num_num months ,  all the chargers stopped working .
i tried this for several months and did not have any positive results .
but this game ,  ow my ,  it s the worst game i have ever ,  ever played .
i would have only given this one star ,  but it is ok for doing abs work .
the diameter was larger than i anticipated so i don t like them very much .
i will not be buying this product for me .
i go away for about num_num minutes and come back to a dead phone .
i played with it a few times over the last three years ,  and put it away for an emergency .
i just tried this this morning and a few major downfalls . first of all ,  i purchased both this product and .
if there s any gel in this product it s underneath a really hard exterior .
maybe i m an idiot ,  but one might assume the num_num pack is a better deal than the num_num pack .
i would not recommend this product and would never buy again .
i only played this game for num_num days , it is boring and my dog was an idoit sometimes .
if the price was half of what it is ,  i would consider buying one every two years .
still ,  very unhappy with this but maybe i just had bad luck .
i shouldn t have paid this price for it ,  really was a ripoff .
placeing them on my spoke they don t sit very well try and spin off .
i just cannot recommend them nor will i ever use them .
the headphones had a pronounced whine when i plugged them into the headphone jack on the unit .
i can t really tell a difference between when i use this base coat and when i use none .
rack was kinda frustrating to get on and the instructions were not very clear at all .
the grinder basket gets stuck and you have to pull that out to be able to properly clean it .
i just received them in the mail yesterday and these headphones hurt my head .
i ve tried several of the other jerky flavors ,  thai peanut ,  barbecue ,  teriyaki etc .
i bought num_num of these ,  and it seemed ok so i bought another .
seriously ? a small company with poor customer service is doomed to fail ,  no matter how great their product .
the only good news is that it all wore off within a few days .
that makes me quite unhappy with the purchase . it appears to be genuine samsung though .
my kids have had this for over num_num months and have still never played with it .
after using it for a few weeks ,  i have to say that it is not that great .
i also had trouble keeping it paired with my galaxy num_extend
i used these with a canon num_extend is camera .
we had the phone for about num_num months before i threw it away .
after num_num months ,  however ,  the plastic snaps block so the heap filter sits ajar and does nothing .
i am not sure what to do with them at this point ,  except maybe the trash .
the sound quality was of average and during the last winter the speakers stopped working all of a sudden .
i could list all the things i didn t like about this blender ,  but i won t .
i have purchased like num_num from this seller .
i m sure there are better mass gainers than this product .
yuck ! this reviews goes from num_num stars to num_extend
i experienced the same thing with the second unit .
this bra was not as i expected and i feel is over priced for that reason .
this is more then just an annoyance but should be outlawed in game making .
tried to use this for cnd shellac nails and it just doesn t work very well .
star ocean :  til the end of time isn t worth your time .
if these are the batteries with the green labeling ,  i cannot recommend them .
however ,  after many years of faithful service ,  its gears wore out ,  and one of the timer dials stopped turning .
first ,  other than the probe ,  this thing is made out of cheap plastic .
i don t like giving bad reviews but i gave this board as much of a chance as i could .
she was much more interested in the leapfrog violet dog doll than this one .
note that they offer free return shipping ,  so no big deal that these weren t for me .
the current smart phones don t have that kind of ability to create classifications .
knife is rather large and bulky ,  which was hard to determine online .
it plays just like tenchu num_extend only harder .
not happy with this as i have to flip the bread in order to toast it all over .
i m not a cook and didn t know what cast iron cooked like .
i thought this would be fun for my kids to play with ,  but it was such a huge disappointment .
if you have a teenager that doesn t treat things they didn t work for very well .
bought it when it came out ,  died within num_num days .
this is a cheap tire in price and quality .
i m not sure if mine was messed up ,  but based on other reviews it seems this is normal .
there is nothing wrong with the shorts ,  it is simply not my fit and style from an older perspective .
the price for this product was cheap at $ on amazon but at walgreens the price is $
the hard plastic of the bottle is very hard and loud if you have hard floors .
using num_extend parallel port these image complete in under num_num minutes .
however ,  i was able to do a work around by deleting all my music from the phone .
but ,  i wanted something better in a phone .
do not buy this ! i hope this helps and good luck finding a better cable .
just wasn t worth that heavy price tag for something that caused more frustration than fun .
i ve tried a number of gf muffin mixes ,  and this is by far the worst .
the only good thing about this game is the characters ,  who are teams of babes in bikini .
also this item was much shorter than advertised .
i should have kept the packaging so that i could try to return them .
flatness is one of the few critical requirements in a cutting board so i would not recommend this one .
i bought the num_num inch purple one and it is so hard they will not even go near it .
at num_num feet away from the wap it noticed that there was one ,  but the signal strength was %
after using the feeder for about num_num months ,  i woke up one morning to two hysterical cats .
i will not be ordering from target again .
we bought this about num_num months ago and it s been worthless .
this product does not hold your ends down .
holds cards to tight ,  had to find another company to replace this product .
sorry !  but i am so irritated !  i must have read and reread at least num_num hours of reviews .
i think everyone should try the cheaper urine test first for few months and see what happens .
this thing has opened less than num_num cans and it s shot .
there is in no arguing that star ocean :  til the end of time is a large ,  long game .
i bought this for my trip to amsterdam and it did not work .
i don t really know if that will fix it .
i had high hopes for this cereal based on others reviews .
i ordered this item as amazon is throwing item for free along num_extend ipod .
we have used this brand for months and this is the first time we have been disappointed .
but i doubt they will remake this game ,  it didn t have a big audience then .
this product will work until it does not .
i returned these ,  they felt like weight lifting gloves .
before trying this stuff ,  i was % satisfied with annie s products .
this thing is a piece of s .  .  . it just doesn t work .
put in a bigger battery or accept a shorter time between charges .
if you have silver hair this will make it look like it is a drab dark gray .
save your cash and find another solution because unleess you have an older iphone ?  you re probably out of luck .
i have thin ,  light hair ,  and would not recommend this product .
don t buy these from amazon warehouse like i did .  .  . total waste of money for these dry hunks of blandness .
get something cheap at walmart .  . will probably do the same thing this does .
i was not at all pleased with the nauseating scent of this lotion .
if you are interested in this product then be sure to read the num_num star reviews .
this game almost would have been much better as an adventure game instead of an action game .
no way !  these soak up immediately ,  leak through and i have to change them every day .
that in itself should have been a big red flag for us when we first bought them .
first the way it hangs on your neck is very uncomfortable the design is not well thought out .
it appears that many buyers have had this filter fall apart on them .
microphone was barely used and did not last long !  my daughter played with this tory just a few times .
this is just not a good choice if you want to use it for anything besides plucking .
i bought this specifically because it said it was for num_num gallon or smaller tanks .
about the only thing that s good about this is the aesthetic design .
i purchased the old timer cave bear more than num_num years ago .
the little monster came back just as dumb as before .
this is the spottiest bluetooth receiver i ve ever had the misfortune of using .
this makes it annoying to use because a beautiful device such as the ipod touch num_extend doesn t need bulk .
i tried to make it tighter ,  but it ended up too tight .  .  . i don t think i would recommend this .
the sound quality is very low; worst than most fm broadcasts .
i is difficult to handle with my arthritic hands .
absolutely hated it !  i wear glasses and it was the most uncomfortable and bulky thing i have every used .
i should have known better and just purchased the $ at the apple store .
i have owned quite a few braun shavers and to be honest i really don t care for this one .
we have been fanatical about never using sharp objects with the teflon coating .
from day one ,  we saw problems with this vacuum . we have been servicing and selling vacuums for num_num + years .
the first bite tasted like flintstones chewable vitamins from my childhood .
then the dhcp server portion of it died and will not come back to life .
the step stool only works when you take the potty apart and turn it upside down .
i have found that the pyramid series of tea from lipton is bland and flavorless .
i would not recommend this item as there are other tints out there that are better .
i think this unit was assembled very poorly . last ,  it really did not heat up my bathroom like i thought .
i wanted to like this product so badly because i ve always read and heard great things about infusium num_extend
just by what i told him on the phone he said the machine should not be acting like that .
i ve tried several brands of gluten free cake mixes and this one was second from the worst .
i usually love melissa and doug ,  but these blocks are below their usual standards .
whats more ,  it does not charge as well as a wall charger  e . g .
this was at least a full size too small .
i am giving this product num_num stars because it turns rancid so quickly .
she is num_num months now and is still playing with it .
i have gone back to my small grinder that i have had for about num_num years .
i rented this game an couple of weeks ago ,  and was extremely dissapointed .
i purchased this probe thermometer because i started getting into real barbecuing ,  i mean meat smoking .
every time you do something it shows like a num_num minute movie .
this is the num_extend wireless phone jack i have purchased .
purchased this holster to hold me over until my alien gear holster came in ,  horrible decision .
and ,  i wish someone out there would do some testing on the rubs that are included with this oven .
since then ,  they no longer hold a charge .
my review is only about the boot itself ,  not the seller of this product .
however ,  i would ve expected them to make it more than num_num miles .
can barely hear out of it and it doesn t fit phone needs adapter for my iphone num_extend
i too have had the problem with the filter falling over and getting the pot full of grounds .
i think you parents don t have to worry about it .  .  . after all ,  this game is disappointing .
however ,  he couldn t have cared less when i tried to engage him with this frolicat gismo .
even when i remove the crank and use the sticky tape that comes with it ,  it just falls off .
this is the most boring game i have ever played for game cube .
cheap crap i would not recommend this item to anyone .
the material seems pretty durable ,  however the seams consist of a single ,  solitary thread .
i was sure that the negative reviews were due to the inexperience of those using this product .
this make jumping ,  fighting ,  and shooting clumsy and cumbersome and you can t change the controls to something more natural .
would not recommend this product under any circumstances .
it is as a matter of fact far from anything that i want to experience again .
it also tastes like it smells which makes it completely undrinkable for me .
i ve used this product multiple times and it hasn t worked for me .
i gave it num_num stars because at least it did  work  sort of .
in conclusion this product is absolutly useless with windows num_extend
timer only goes up to num_num minutes and does some bizarre numbers thing when the time is up .
sound quality is mediocre ,  as callees often complain about wind noise from my end .
i need to add that num_extend lacks num_extend upconversion feature that most of upcoming new bd players will have .
i have been wearing num_extend for a couple of years now .
it took japan a long time to overcome their reputation for producing junk .   .
i don t know what the deal is with this one ,  after num_num weeks the biowheel won t turn .
i really wanted to like this product ,  though i did read some negative reviews from amazon .
they look nice but for me ,  they just won t work .
however i hadn t even had it num_num week when it stopped working .
please read this review before that happens to you . i ve been using spirulina for over num_num years .
then ,  i had to take my iphone num_extend out of its case to fit it in this band .
ginger is supposed to help with nausea ,  so i gave this product a try .
really unpleasant . this company sthink thin crunch white chocolate mixed nutsis much ,  much better .
idk why people like this ,  except that it seems like a sturdy machine ,  it is a bit heavy .
there are much better knee supports and braces out than this one .
i have never used any of the other  sonic  toothbrushes .
this was my first attempt with a dress shoe from this brand and i was dissappointed .
i couldn t tell that from the product picture ,  because the picture is cropped .
frankly ,  the otterbox fits the samsung galaxy s iii more snugly ,  which is a good and bad thing .
i tried this machine for a month and it really hurt my back .
i wouldn t have bought this game if i had known how badly it was made .
yay ! the fourth ,  and probably final thing ,  is that nothing in this game ever changes .
the case itself charges up but it will not charge the phone .
floor pad has a thinner ,  different texture ,  but i haven t had problems with that .
often the user will find themselves executing commands because they ve accidentally hit one or more of these buttons .
i used this with motomco gel attractant ,  which i received at the same time .
i bought this product to carry what few things that i have ,  but it s too small .
i was very disappointed in this product for my droid .
the fabric is much thinner than it appears in the num_extend
the last time num_num month ago ,  they sent me a refurb phone ,  well it was about num_num weeks ago .
the cheap razorblade that comes with the kit was what i used the most .
the picture for this item makes it look like it is chalk balls and not loose chalk .
i should have known i would not be happy with this for long .
this is unfortunate because i really did like the shoes  fit and style  .
i didn t have any problem with this shirt until i started running .
should be redesigned to hold the unit more securely while charging .
i do have an active dog num_extend pounds  but this shouldn t break so easily .
$ would have been a fair price ,  since that s how much i d pay for a pair of nike shorts .
i would not recommend this product for energy .
the game is slower than you would ever expect .
the second part of this criticism is that they didn t even supply the usb type charger .
i have contacted cuisinart about getting it repaired ,  but it will probably cost far too much .
this weeding hoe is for huge weeds or digging up small spaces .
the next day my feet stayed dry ,  so they were not waterproofed when they were sent to me .
give it a year and you are going to do a complete num_num and really dislike this thing .
i was going to share this with my grandson ,  but felt the sharp edges could hurt him .
run away fast from this terrible popcorn popper .
first this item is too small ,  difficult to read .
holy fat mama !  this game was the most hideous thing i have ever played .
that being said ,  the quality of the chips were ok .
i did not have it that long ,  about a year ,  before that happenned .
sorry i don t like these !  they are a very poor substitute for green beans .
cuisinart s website had no info about it either ,  so i called their customer service .
i waited almost num_num months for this product and when i finally got it ,  it didn t even work .
all the reviews made me think this product would be the end to all my problems .
too much signal loss with cables longer than num_extend
we bought it num_num years ago ,  but now most of the serrated area is worn away .
my fault that i didn t read the info on this product better before wasting my money on it .
asked my friend who does repair ,  he said that it s common situation with these phones .
these screen protectors were very cheap and did not stick well .
too bad ,  because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop .
i have very thick hair i saw such great reviews but it was so dainty and thin .
the battery life is about half as long as the oem battery from samsung .
this is designed okay ,  just not very practical for doing more than a few cuts .
and then i bought these  maybe i expected they would be bvetter ?   .
they are almost like house slippers with a rubber sole .
i hadn t used this type of pot before ,  but ,  it seemed simple enough .
after trying it out i realized this lotion does not do nearly what it says .
the problem is that you get the worst of both worlds .
each tablet has a lower potency of dgl than some other brand s offerings .
and you can t overdose on water soluble vitamins so you don t have to worry about how much you re taking .
she said they sucked so i tried them out myself just in case she was wrong .
there isn t a good was to explain this except give an example .
wtf !  the sound quality is so cheap !  there s almost no distortion ,  but also no bass ,  or treble .
i have the kodak num_extend camera ,  and this case is supposed to be for that one .
i have used polar products for many many years but this hrm was not as described .
i am a num_extend and definitely not happy with this bra .
i am very disappointed with udi s on this one and i will be sending them a complaint .
i ve read other reviews where people have said they received a placebo product .
i don t recommend this game to anyone . children under num_num might find this game fun ,  but i did not !  .
after num_num minutes of use ,  the smoothness of the trackball was gone; made it useless .
i was not the least bit impressed with this cutter .
this is no better than several computer applications i have for our daughter .
overall ,  this thing is not good and i do not recommend it .
i was looking for something that i would use occasionally .
mine was pretty much blue just from my jeans pocket . there are much better options in the same price point .
ours stopped working in just year since we bought it last year .
used them for the first time last night .
it looks ok ,  i can answer ,  hang up and redial the last number without having to use the phone .
in any case ,  i was not at all pleased with this tea .
i was so hoping this would make a difference in my breathing but to no avail .
also ,  there are many load screens everywhere !  and ,  the world of half life num_num is very depressing .
the only good thing about this is graphics .
my husband came running from the opposite side of the house asking what that noise was .
i don t know why so many people have given good ratings rating to this thing .
after about three months of use one quarter of the hard part of the case broke .
it didn t help the fine lines that much no better than what i was using .
this is a brand name that i will avoid .
but when in sunlight ,  the unit does not give any indication whether its charging or not .
i sent in the unit and num_num months later i have not heard anything .
they look nice laying around the floor but thats not what i bought them for .
i would not recommend this product due to it s very fragile construction .
i find the whole process much more difficult to maneuver than i had anticipated .
the boat tether doesn t hook into the boat well ,  so that basically doesn t work at all .
that s the only problem i have with this item .
in spite of very good performance ,  this model has a fatal flaw .
i wish i knew of a product that actually worked and did not smell like death .
unsure whether she s one of those cats that don t react to catnip ,  or this catnip just doesn t work .
it is made of cheap plastic covered by light weight rubber .
definitely would not recommend  and not worth the hassle to return  .
this is just another insane way that marketing is trying to invade your life and take it over .
i would not purchase this flavor again ,  but will continue trying different flavor variations .
the only upside was that the case was very pretty .
i purchased one of these to try with my strip temperature gauges on my num_num gallon saltwater reef system .
yes ,  it will function and give good sound ,  but you re dealing with an inferior product .
i will continue to use this for grinding spices ,  but if it breaks ,  i will not buy another one .
was the worst stand i have ever purchased .
plus ,  they don t whistle easily .  .  . also frustrating a little kid .
i will continue buying otterboxs for my non sliding phones but this case was just flat out bad .
other than that ,  i m staying away until it s changed .
this quit working after a month and could not get any support to fix the problem .
i took a risk with the dirt cheap price and thought i would come out fine .
this doesn t taste any where near that ,  it seems almost thick .
yes it happened to me first time i used it .
it was showing readings that were at least num_num degrees lower than the true temp of the meat .
i received this bumper and it looked as though one side was gouged out and other sides looked ragged .
i have used other products in the past and never had a problem .
park tools ain t making stuff like they used to . the brush bristle module came loose from the handle .
i bought this mixer in num_num and i have used it less than num_num times .
the above product details specifying that this product is compatible with a nano are not correct .
i think they should have had in the description that you made the coffee in the pot .
the thing bleeds out in about num_num minutes .
my wife set this up and after num_num minutes gave up trying to play .
i have no idea why people like this product so much .
i was so disappointed ,  and i should have just returned it ,  but instead ,  it s still sitting in my cabinet .
i didn t expect this item to be that good as the reviews weren t .
it s quite a racket  imo  don t waste your money on this model though .
it may have been a bit more smooth ,  but nothing that warrants the raving reviews here .
well ,  sadly the num_extend fan while it looks identical doesn t not function the same .
unfortunately this did not make for a great replacement .
i purchased four of these bowls and do not use them .
what ever they coated the wade with to give it the little color that it does has comes off .
it also says don t allow them to ingest pieces larger then rice or something like that .
what little clams there were didn t taste like anything .
there are two main problems i see with this product .
i used this num_num times and then put it in the drawer as a backup .
i have not tried them in different guns .
even though the target date was estimated between jan num_num and jan num_extend
i bought six of these to charge my phone and none of them work .
looked like something that i would have liked for keeping things tidy .  . unfortunately nope .
i have purchased a braun food processor ,  and am done with cuisinart .
with this mix up nothing works as it is supposed to be .
there is nothing good i can say about this toy .
the suction didn t work very well only counter top .
i dont care for this product because it does not work .
i was very disappointed when i opened the package from gemavenue .
i have had num_num food processors over the past num_num years .
it may function really well ,  but i have no idea .
i m still using that same ebay strap as of writing this review .
i have owned this dvd player for less then two years .
i just ran around shooting stuff . much more linier than the original .
if my review is again denied ,  they will have seen the last of me and my money .
i was excited about this little gadget but the excitement quickly went away .
if you don t but this game sounds intreging ,  then think twice about this purchase .
when i open a can it does not have good power and is not easy to operate .
i thought this game was cool at first but after the first week it got extremley boring .
honestly they would have been better off putting no story in at all it sucks so bad .
it worked marginally at best ,  but most of the time it didn t work at all .
like many many other reviews have said ,  this is simply not durable .
ever since then ,  it s been getting worse and less realistic .
but if you want your lashes to stand out this will not do that .
this is made of cheap metal  it just has that thinner than average cheapie look  .
and after about a month ,  it began to skip .
only thing i don t like about this product is the smell .
the first unit i bought in february skipped constantly when just playing dvds ,  it was replaced .
this bra is a great idea but just poor execution .
i really wanted this product to work but it didn t .
two of the legs broke off like a hard cookie when i first opened it .
i have tried so many products and again this one failed me .
my wife s chest is about a num_extend and this coat was just too darn tight .
we used this num_extend grinder for num_num years for spices only .
i wish i d just put the money i spent on this one toward a better one .
i took the pills for a good num_num months and stopped a couple months ago .
this is one of the worst gta clones ever made .
this is the most flavorless granola i have ever tasted .
will have to search elsewhere for something that meets my needs .
it made it worse !  i would never recommend this product to anyone .
i suppose this works adequately for desktop use ,  but i cannot believe the $ price .
there are better units available at this price point .
they will just make static ,  and produce very little actual sound that you want from them .
this is no good because i want to make and receive calls while using the mac .
just did a water change two days ago ,  and am uncertain what to do at this point .
granted yes what you got on the playstation version rather than the num_extend version was better .
i really can t imagine anyone finding this bag to be just what they were looking for .
i bought this grinder to grind up spent grain  from beer making  to use in bread .
it broke the first time i used it !  i had to trow it away .
the vacuum only lasts about num_num months before the battery will not keep a charge .
all in all i m not happy ,  i will not buy from ny lingerie again .
lip balms worked a num_num times better than this product .
i bought two of these microphones from kohl s and paid less than $ for each of them .
i was unable to get a good spine decompression with this product .
i had to throw this sprayer away after using it for just a few months .
i have been evaluating multiple juice pack pluses over the years and i am very disappointed .
he didn t want to wait until xmas for a new shooter to play .
if you have never used earplugs before i do not recommend them .
i wanted something that would let me listen to my music as well as my calls ,  this did not .
i would not recommend this product to friends or relatives .
then you have to get a gun right down the alley ,  this entails another cutscene .
this was the exact thing that i thought i was avoiding by buying kashi .
this product worked very spottily from the beginning .
the manufacturer needs to stick with one look and perfect that . all in all i would not recommend this cereal .
this game is about ww num_num in the pacific as the title indicates .
i know this pen received good reviews ,  but i really don t understand that .
when i bought this product it was because our dogs were allergic to poultry .
this product is probably really for use with a cpap machine ,  but i thought i d try it for snoring .
maybe at num_num years old they are just too old for it .
we even tried to pick up other things such as a paperclip etc with the pole and nothing works .
this seems to be a faulty or cheaply made charger that failed with only num_num months of use .
you should know that this device is not a true splitter ,  i . e .  ,  it doesn t replicate an image .
works for now ,  would have rather spent the money on an otterbox .
i purchased it in january num_num and it broke about a month ago .
then you have to power cycle it to make it work again for another num_num minutes .
it brought back bad behavior which he had stopped before using this product ,  and made him act more hyper .
this carpet cleaner is a piece of junk .
my point is the story  is bad  ,  and everything else about this game  is bad  ,  it s the .
i use a fair number of other seagate drives and have had no problems with them .
it held up for a couple of days before it started to pull off the screen .
detailing is not very good for this price .
i certainly do not recommend wasting a single penny on this product .
i have had other brands which tasted better .
if you are short and don t mind a flimsy strap .  .  .  . go for itother wise stay away from it .
i might give away the bottle i have right now because it irritates me so much .
note that i have only tried it for cleaning and polishing ss surfaces .
i wanted to like this because it is so affordable but it just didn t work for me .
ok ,  so i have tried using this citikitty on my new cat and my old one .
not only did this coffee not deliver on flavor ,  it actually has a chemically artificial taste .
i give them num_num stars only because the color and the shape were right .
they don t have shape even with the underwire ,  they just sit there straight .
this one made me break out and it did not work with my skin .
i bought these for birthday goodie bags and they didn t work .
peels offs very frequently .  . i wish the adhesive they have on it would have been better . doesn t serve the need .
after using this trap for num_num weeks ,  we caught a total of num_num fleas .
i like a lot of roc s other products ,  but not really this one .
well ,  fairy dust just isnt something i can bear to like even mixed with anything else .
i lost only two dollars before i realized i have to get something else .
this popcorn popper is the worst i have ever had .
it seems that not much thought went into the design .
i took them to my neighbors and put the same dvd in their dvd player and they played .
hot spots are frustratingly obscure and you can move over them a half dozen times before they register .
i don t even think this one will make it into my earthquake food kit .
still ,  it takes such a long time to load . there are graphic glitches as well .
i was very disappointed when my vanity fair nightie arrived .
used this product for several weeks ,  as directed and it did not make one bit of difference .
plus ,  it is not very comfortable to hold .
i ve tried this several times now and i m just not impressed .
i was really hoping this would be of similar quality to the other one that i bought !  .
we just cannot purchase a filter from this company .
i truly feel sorry for the babies that have to endure this formula .
i guess what really upsets me is the lack of reply from amazon for this rotten review .
there are better ,  american alternatives that are safer .
but other than that its all nasty stuff .
i wish i could give num_num stars ,  but i can t .
they are stiff even after num_num washes and the material is beginning to fall apart but still stiff .
i would buy this brand again ,  but just not this color .
it does remove some of the blackheads ,  but not all of them ,  and repeated usage doesn t improve on that .
will not buy another pair ,  they dont seem like they will last very long .
i bought this case and didn t use it even one time .
they sound exactly the same ,  in fact ,  only this character is overly melodramatic .
i found myself using it then trying to disguise it s taste  note the word  trying   .
num_extend games like god of war had much better graphics .
after reading some of the negative comments here and on eopinions ,  i almost didn t buy this player .
this ,  unfortunately ,  was a complete waste of money  and i like you have to watch every penny  .
i followed the directions to the t and yet they didn t remove any blackheads .
had a difficult time pairing this item with my phone .
seems like this model is just consistently buggy .
i want something that alerts me only when i want to be num_extend
i will never buy another zojirushi ever again with the bad service provided .
i have used the trap continously for more than two weeks and not one flea has appeared in it .
i was close to paying full price at best buy for one ,  but i waited and bought from amazon .
i think that s way excessive and using a  normal  amount doesn t work any better than regular shampoo .
the sweeteners in this product serve no useful purpose .
made order and it was sent after about num_num days i inquired about status of item .
i cannot recommend this mirror ,  it was misleading by saying it is good for makeup application .
personally this product doesn t work for my needs so i would not buy this product again .
i have worn a size num_num panty for about num_num years .
the software that comes with the camera to transfer the photos to your pc is not user friendly .
it looks and feels like a regular ,  cheap lotion .
they look the same  colour ,  material ,  size  but the only thing that has stayed the same are the colours .
i have been waxing cars for the better part of num_num years .
we would not recommend this crate and would not purchase it again .
i m not at all impressed with the sound quality .
i do not not recommend this product unless you want an ant distribution system .
hard to see a reason for this product to exist  but i am interested in their moth trap !   .
i will never buy another title from this company ,  or a console to pc game ,  ever again .
this is the worst toaster i have had in over num_num years of being married .
she received a foodsaver pro iii as a num_num christmas present ,  and it failed after num_num months .
perhaps this product works wonders for some people ,  but it did nothing for me .
like another reviewer mentioned ,  it s thin and watery .
i had used this coffee maker very little when the clock light went out .
i understand the tension that the developers were trying to create and they succeed but this is ridiculous .
i would not reccomend this product ,  at least not for yorkie terriers .
i wanted to make sure it was applied correctly .
i have had nothing but bad experiences with powergen ! avoid powergen products !  !  .
this was one of those purchases i would have rather not made .
this product is not worth much time  or money  so here s a list of the num_extend
i have no idea what was causing this issue but i don t think i can recommend this to anyone .
i could have bought a swifer with better results .
its gettin num_num stars because it doesnt fit very well .
i ordered num_num of these flea traps and was just today notified that the sender cannot ship them .
the flavor is poor ,  color is uneven coarse and dark ,  and it tastes old with very little parmesan flavor .
this was to replace a one year old battery in my daughters num_extend
i bought these bars because they have minimal ingredients .
so when i bought my new sig sauer num_num tac ops i ordered a forbus holster .
i bought a num_num foot outside extension cord to power yard equipment ,  and stored it on this bayco reel .
if you have any problem with your mount ,  take it back as quickly as possible for a replacement .
i haven t had it for much longer than a month and the wear started to show very quickly .
not sure why this doesn t work properly to charge my htc mytouch num_extend
i gave these num_num stars instead of num_num because the material is soft ,  but the comfort stops there .
it s flimsy and feels fragile ,  like the molded parts weren t really done to fit together very well .
until someone comes out with something like that for num_extend i ll stick with the ace combat games .
the quality just isn t there ,  however ,  and i am disappointed with this conditioner .
i really don t like it enough ,  that i will not drink any more of it .
i am a former paramedic and did considerable research before i tried this herb .
buy this only if you re crazy for fps gameplay and can t live without it for psp .
i gave this product num_num stars because the paper is ok .
misc .  i ordered this product because the packaging listed sorbitol as the num_extend ingredient and therefore an insignificant amount .
worst i have ever purchased and had to purchas twice .
i used it morning and night with no results .
this is by far the worst game i have ever played .
well ,  now it s later ,  and the year s hiatus has done nothing to improve the performance of this worthless machine .
this was not a perfect fit and it felt cheaper than cheap .
if you have previously owed a foley mill you will be sadly disappointed with this product .
i bought this game at a yard sale for a $ and i still think i got ripped off .
i have plantar fasciitis and these hurt the minute i put them on .
i would make sure you know the kind of drill bits these fit and not waste your time .
overall build quality was cheap but at its price point ,  it comes as no surprise .
they crack where the screws go in near the arm after about num_num months .
i ve had many other num_extend dryers and this one was a bit louder than my previous ones .
after about num_num months of regular use ,  it has done nothing .
dell optiplex num_extend cannot detect keyboard when at boot menu while using this switch .
i bought num_num of them for num_num different phones and have the same issues with both .
this product didn t work for my blackberry curve or samsung galaxy num_extend
it has a lanyard  sort of  that can hang with a plastic clip that is awkward to use .
if the samsung galaxy num_extend and iphone weren t available on prepaid i d of bumped the review up some .
still trying to find something to keep my hair from breaking ,  drying and brittle .
they are better than some of the cheaper versions but again ,  not worth the price .
will have to find a better solution in a hurry .
i should have read these reviews prior to buying the range extender .
the product seem cheap and didnt seem like a quality product .
until this holiday season ,  i was an occasional user .
i placed the toy on the carpet and he swatted the ball ,  watching it spin around .
it takes an inordinately long time to clean carpet .
num_num out of num_num people i ve heard buying this ,  me included ,  had huge problems with it .
but i am sorry to say that i would not recommend this sharpie liquid pencil product .
i didnt get to use it long enough to even find out if it works against fleas .
i will not be buying this fragrance again .
this holster sits very close to my body which is nice ,  but its almost impossible to draw from .
the bad thing about this is that they have to many different sizes .
i wouldn t really recommend this product .  .  . after having it for about num_num months i need something more efficient .
the return shipment would have been more trouble than the price of the cable ,  so i didn t bother .
i gave it num_num stars only because of the scent ,  i felt like eating it lol .
unfortunately ,  i ll have to stop using this product .
this is the second krups product that has failed me within months of my purchase .
i just wanted to make it clear how upset i was with this purchase .
this is like a plastic erector set ,  and not very sturdy ,  and really not very good with tomatoes .
this is no longer the product our mothers used .
terrible clamp !  !  i can t stress that enough . i do not recommend this unit .
they protected the phone screen from getting scratched ,  but the protector had to be tossed and replaced .
rembrandt is a good name but it does not work as well for bleeding gums .
i chose this because it seemed to be better reviewed than the cheap cases in the same style .
first time i used this i got rust and i handwadhed and dried it .
just wanted to let everyone know this before making the mistake like i did .
they come from taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to china .
i will not be buying this brand again .
there is not enough here to last through a week s vacation .
unfortunately despite the positive reviews ,  my cat turned his nose to this product .
i would not recommend this to other parents .
that was enough to convince me that i would be returning this pan .
about num_num minutes after it is washed ,  its back oily again .
i tried one carton from the local store and have decided not to buy this product again .
for this kind of cheap quality of leather ,  it isn t worth this price .
i will not risk purchasing any more chicago metallic products .
i got to say that i have not playeda good wrestling game since wwf no mercy on the num_extend
i cant say this tasted any better than regular boxed mac and cheese .
i have been lo carb for years but i can not eat this stuff !  !  !  .
this does not taste at all like brown sugar .
but this one is not even strong enough to hold the phone on its own .
you have to pull the trigger some num_num or so times to use up the whole num_num cap cartridge .
i`ve had this num_extend cable all of num_extend months and it quit working !  how does a ext .
here it is num_num days after the warranty expiration and the same problem as with the first flair .
i have had better screen protectors it was ok for the money .
i wanted to be able to watch videos on my ipad and still answer my phone with these .
with how much i paid for this product ,  i was very disappointed with the results .
but sorry to say ,  i would never buy again or recommend this particular brand .
i guess for only a few dollars ,  i shouldn t expect more than a few months of use .
i know that now because i went to the motorolla site and purchased the $ battery from them .
i will have to search for one from another manufacturer .
i have used the defender series for nearly five years iphone num_extend atrix and never had a problem .
this bra only works if you are really wide in the back and very full busted .
nevertheless ,  i figured i d try this itrip with my ipod because it is completely cordless .
i gave this product a try ,  in hopes that he would calm down and quit harassing jasmine .
after many hours working with this product ,  we have given up .
its messy and doesnt clean the chain very well .
like a lot of other deceptions ,  this game is not for windows xp .
this seemed to be a hot item on the market when our daughter was born in num_extend
when i opened the package it contained num_num screen protectors and a cloth .
i assumed that since these were usda certified organic ,  they were ,  in fact ,  from the usa .
i ve tried it multiple times on multiple different cats and it really does very little .
i had to go see a dermatologist and they advised me not to continue using this product .
this is the worst phone you will find anywhere .
at first ,  i thought my vhs tapes had just been degrading in quality over time .
i have read all the other reviews and i just cannot figure out what this product really does .
i have had num_num of these tuners  you d think i d learn after one  .
i do not recommend these bulbs ,  not worth the extra money .
i don t know of any pistol that would fit in this case .
i might try the other flavors ,  but this just wasn t all that great .
what s wrong with mine !  i ordered the product based on many positive reviews .
i m going back to blue buffalo walnut litter or precious cat ,  but will never try this litter again .
the drink has mostly apple and grape juice ,  and that is what i tasted more than anything else .
it may be a bit strong for some people ,  but those people probably don t really like ginger .
they sounded good when played open but compressing them was nearly impossible .
secondly ,  logitech is no help whatsoever with this product .
i am pretty sure this is not a real otterbox product .
in comparison to other dark roast brands ,  i simply cannot recommend this one .
i used it for my galaxy num_extend for a good num_num months without any problems .
this takes a while with this product . upon cooking it ,  it has a rather harsh ,  unpleasant quality .
it is way too complicated and difficult to play ,  and i would not recommend this game .
personally ,  i d just get it from home depot .
i have diluted the soap to different strengths ,  and this does not seem to help .
i thought an oil would be extremely moisturizing ,  but my skin didn t feel or look very hydrated at all .
it s not a horrible battery but didn t last more than the oam and the last % drains so fast .
amazon has replaced it so now i am still stuck with this machine .
i guess nobody wants underwear like that . i will not buy again .
most of the reviews written about this product are very vague ,  and the only review that  person  has written .
i followed the directions enclosed with this machine and found that it produced a weak ,  pallid cup of coffee .
i ve taken msm for years now and find there has been no health benefit for me .
i purchased this mangroomer back shaver num_num months ago .
i would like give this game num_num or num_num stars ,  if i could get it to run .
this thing was not difficult to put together .  .  .  . if you have the parts .
when i tried these on they were very long .
it s been over num_num weeks now ,  and honestly i don t see too much .
after trying it out for over a week ,  i sent it back .
this is the worst samsung products i have ever used .
after num_num months of use it cannot be charged anymore ,  the charging port became very unusable .
i only used it a few times ,  in vary amounts ,  but i couldn t make it work .
this product did not work for me and i may try another brand to see if that will help .
i realize amazon will only refund partially according to the return policy i just read .
i have new tried and email and two phone calls to find out how to send this toy back .
i would recommend that you spend your money on those instead .
for the price ,  one would think they would have used something other than this cancer causing crap .
there were mixed reviews some good ,  some bad so decided to chance it .
the existing carafe looked the same and was num_extend high ,  just like the product description for this product .
this one has long ,  soft bristles that felt nice but were just too soft to do much good .
i bought num_num of these controllers as  extras  for the kids to play with .
i returned this item because it did not have the small sizes i needed for my seiko watches .
nothing more to say besides it isn t worth the money or hassle .
the only reason i give it num_num stars is because the other num_num tubes worked fine . one good thing though .
have to remove it from its protective case to use this ?  put the base in the cupholder .
this is a step backwards from asheron s num_extend
you can be shooting someone with a machine gun and they will run up to you and stab you .
the product is cheaply made and doesn t last as long as it should .
i agree with all the negative reviews for the  upgraded  filter .
yea ,  about the legs ,  they don t really support anything .
had issues with item ,  case is very cheaply made .
i m disappointed because i really wanted to like this product .
this didn t work for me ,  it comes apart at the seams to easily and has a nasty rubber smell .
pretty much only when i m off and going somewhere with my family .
not thrilled with any of this any bags were little .
compared side by side with my clinique mascara ,  this product doesn t perform nearly as well .
with a game in which you are looking at ocean waves for hours this gets boring really fast .
these were supposed to fit my measurements ,  but ran very small .
i don t understand how these negatives still outweigh any positives of this spice rack .
i used to cook in a slow cooker at least once a week .
if i hadn t tried this food she would have been put to sleep months ago .
ok .  . if you re looking for mindless ,  look around a corner and shoot bad guys ,  have fun with this . there s no mapping .
i lost a lot of money with this quirky little chaotic doohickey .
this game is the worst game i have ever played .
there was some irregular stitching on that shoe ,  as well .
the tripod is the only good thing about this sprinkler .
i bought this steam cleaner in dec num_num and now num_num years later ,  it does not even urn on .
i tried vacuuming the dust out with the micro tool set on my vacuum cleaner .
i do not know why more phone covers are coming like this .
i would say that if you don t have good strong teeth don t attempt to eat this .
if you are used to inputting data using graffiti ,  you may be very disappointed like me with this model .
i ll have to hit the power button at least num_num times before it will go on and stay on .
i applied this brand to my hair and it did absolutely nothing .
the characters don t really move much at all and i was just really disappointed with this thing .
it popped off and sometimes the phone didn t work with this case on .
these shorts have very thin padding ,  it s a joke .
num_num pair the ear piece detached within num_num hours .
the middle piece with the handle is one and num_num pieces are glued on either side .
i really wanted to like this but it s just too heavy .
but ,  while the concept of this product is neat ,  the execution is terrible .
she s about num_num lbs but i started with half of the chew to slowly get her into the supplement .
this is the first sony product that i ve ever owned that i was truely disappointed with .
as mentioned in many other reviews ,  the agents don t speak english very well .
i gave this product two weeks and didn t have the expected results that i ve had with other products .
it s just totally not usable . i don t recommend this to anyone .
how does the manufacturer get away with that ? then i asked friends whether they had any difficulty taking metamucil .
a full bite of this covered in sauce would have put me in the hospital for sure .
from reading reviews there is clearly a problem with some of these units just not working .
out vet claims it is growing pains . anyway ,  my biggest problem with this food is its strong fishy smell .
the side bumper piece ?  i am so sad ,  the case was so cute and could have been so nice .
haven t made cookies with them yet ,  so i m not sure how cookies that small will do .
after using this the hd was creating problems ,  tvs in my other rooms were having huge issues with signal .
the game basically wants the player to figure everything out with trial and error .
i gave it num_num stars because for some reason my cat seems to be attracted to them .
there is nothing wrong with num_extend products ,  just greedy suppliers .
if this sling had a wider bottom ,  it would be much better .
it has stayed at % charging for more than num_num hours .
this package had num_num and used num_num of them before getting them aligned .
sorry ,  but if you like properly brewed coffee ,  i would pass on this brewer .
first ,  the volume of the beep is too low and can t be heard more than two feet away .
there s also a limited amount of environments that the entire game takes place which i think is a drawback .
the old developed some cracks after several years .
if you are thinking about picking this up i d go for the nintendo gamecube version over this one .
i have never encountered such a low level customer service .
never had a problem with closing it; don t understand the reviewers that mention this .
i had great hopes for this product ,  but it was cheap and fell apart in my hand .
i miss my oxo thermometer and will be purchasing another oxo to replace this one .
well ,  the earrings i recieved had more green on the bottom bead than pink .
my coffee was room temperature within num_num hours .
also ,  the window is a little too small ,  and tends to cover the top of the screen .
i would not recommend this to anyone ,  and i did return it .
regardless i probably won t risk getting another box like the first .
the magnet isn t strong enough and the cord is too short .
i bought this product ,  but it didn t arrive .
the only problem i have out of the box is how slippery this is on a granite counter top .
it did keep my sister from getting sunburned but the white greasiness makes us reluctant to use it .
i do not recommend this product .  .  . my next one will be a simple brand .
i have used this with no change at all .
because of these dissapointing results ,  i would not recommend this product to anyone .
the treats themselves are not  everlasting  ,  they are supposed to be used with starmark brand toys .
it s much messier than cleaning a standard box with a scoop .
i have to tap the iphone screen several times so it will register the contact .
the steam was definitely not coming from the waffle !  then ,  i tried it again ,  with a different batter .
the first thing i noticed about this cereal was the unpleasant smell coming out of the bag .
as a matter of fact ,  product doesn t look like this at all .
even with nothing in the pan ,  you can see it does not have a great seal .
i gave it two stars because it just doesn t seem as nice as the picture .
the crunchiness turned into a creak at num_num miles and the left pedal locked up at num_extend
i only used this blender num_num times in a year and it died .
for cleaning ,  the whole item needs to be broken down into num_num pieces for cleaning .
longer than num_num hours imo  you ll like this game .
the entire process will take num_num business days .
i will not be purchasing this again in the future .
i am sure this will not be very comfortable in the summer months .
i know they come off sometimes but i ve not had them come off while still new .
that is the only good part about this model .
i was expecting a better taste but didn t get that from this product .
it does not work on thick hair unless you plan on using it only for a partial pony tail .
clearly ,  this product was manufactured for wilma flintstone .
the ears are just the right size to be choking hazards . too bad it s not made of sturdier material .
for a motorcycle or small product okay . for other uses i have no ideawould not buy again .
i have given up on this piece of junk and will search for a more reliable product .
maybe my dog s case was more elevated than this product is meant for .
everyone s skin is different ,  but ,  for me ,  this didn t work that well .
i have the full version game but it just sucks bad .
this isn t worth owning at half the price .
they also don t have a good pouring lip like on some others .
good thing i only wanted to hang a few hats on it because it is cheap and flimsy .
and most everything i have read list several main causes :  genetics ,  diet and stress .
if my num_num year old would ever play with this toy i m sure it would be educational for him .
even that argument is weak because there are far better games out there that can help with those skills .
i purchased this mouse as a replacement for a ball type mouse that had just plain worn out .
i m not going to change the number of stars i gave it ,  because i don t entirely trust this heater .
i only used this twice ,  and threw it away .
its kinda stupid that we were best friends one minute ,  now he wants to slaughter me .
i should have read the reviews before purchasing . this is incredibly finicky about precise fill level .
i purchased this in my second trimester ,  and did not get much use out of them at all .
even my last year s fuji was much better than this num_extend
in all fairness ,  i only used this for a short time; the smell was very unpleasant !  .
so i figured the num_extend version would be just the same .
so ,  i would not leave this out intentionally . however ,  if you are like me ,  you occasionally forget .
it takes almost num_num minutes just to boot up .
i was personally quite disappointed with this oil .
the iphone num_num does not fit all that great .
also ,  the light is so faint that it doesn t make a difference whether its on or off .
ordered for my wife last year ,  they were exactly what is pictured .
i have a specific container that i put my dog food in so it doesn t get any moisture .
and maybe the poles would have been attached to the base rather than adhered with toxic glue .
i bought this after reading so many glowing reviews ,  but i was very disappointed in the product .
i saw a commercial for a more expensive version and cheaped out and bought this instead .
this one went in the trash as we couldn t even imagine subjecting any other cat owner to it .
they re very wide open and i wasn t even able to tighten them .
then after only num_num months it completely quit working .
bought this after our num_num yr old hoover started leaking .
bought this collapsible paddle because it was the only collapsible paddle i could find on amazon .
i think there are some tolerance issues with this manufacturer .
i would have rated it higher but this is bait and switch tactic .
it s said this is more expensive to manufacture and harder to fake .
the case purchased form my galaxy num_extend was an extreme disappointment .
there is very little difference between the course and fine grinds .
sorry about being rude and mean ,  but this game is really horrible ,  and i just want to be honest .
this eraser is okay ,  but it doesn t work as well as i would like .
a week and half later ,  i still had sore spots and red marks from this bra .
this is the second allen product that i ve ordered and i won t be ordering any more .
only time will tell how long they last .
the charger did not work for my motorola rapture num_extend phone .
smaller than glitter but still not suitable for the face .
i had been using the new floss action head only a few weeks when i went to my dentist .
it s safe to say that i will not be using this case any time in the near future .
this product does not work for my num_num lb golden retriever .
at first it seemed to work ,  but i noticed the sound quality was very poor from the start .
this might scratch your phone if you are not careful with installing it .
overall ,  i m very disappointed in this device ,  and now i m looking for a replacement .
then ,  you try again and it looks like it works  red to yellow to green as it should show  .
i will not be ordering from amazon again .
originally we bought this for our num_num mo old daughter ,  but ultimately we returned it for various reasons .
my pain level is constantly moderately severe ,  and acutely severe at least several times per week .
i agree with some of the other reviews ,  this product should be taken off the market .
it consists of num_num  i think  areas ,  that are each about the size of a football field .
when walking ,  each step causes them to flex in a way the makes them feel loose and uncomfortable .
i wish i would have read the reviews more closely on this game .
it also had a very bitter after taste that stuck with me for awhile even after only one sip .
they directed me to a customer service phone number that again told me to mail it in .
i know one unit doesn t necessarily dictate quality ,  but read some of the other reviews .
i put mine in the freezer for at least num_num hours .
i was looking forward to the arrival of this product .
this popcorn does not pop well at all .
you have to understand ,  these tabs are very very small and thin .
i have a lot of stuff ,  but this case was just too lightweight for all my papers and books .
so even at its current low price  about $ i still consider it a poor value .
gave up on it and went back to my older computer which works without it .
however ,  i cannot get my pets to consume food with this product in it .
if you buy bulk goods ,  you re better off with food grade plastic buckets and nitrogen . now ,  for the bags .
they are so very thin that they don t last long at all .
i assumed that this piece was stainless ,  given that it s a kitchenaid ,  and i put it in the dishwasher .
it s unfortunate because it would be super cute if it just stayed together .
spend your money elsewhere for something that sharpens better and will last you more than a year .
even on the low setting this thing sounded like a poorly constructed box fan .
not sure what to say about this product .
i bought this for my chubby cat ,  hoping it would slow down him bolting his food .
this is definitely not a belgian waffle maker .  .  . can only make old fashioned thin waffles .
the heart dies extremely fast and the actual dog is made out of really low end materials .
they all have the same problem ,  great idea ,  poor quality .
i can t find a good way to brew it ,  so i ll probably just throw the rest away .
every time i make coffee there is a puddle of water under the machine .
these underwear are unsubstantial and won t last through too many washings .
this stone did more or less as it was supposed to while it was in one piece .
i guess i just like the ones that are crispy rather than chewy .
i m going to try the jensen behind the ear headphones this time and see if the foam lasts longer .
after years of owning num_num versions of this kettle ,  i am finally writing a review .
yeah so ,  this game came out in num_extend thats num_num years too late geez .
we also haven t used them in the tub . in short ,  these are ugly ducks at a great price .
i waited num_num months for this case as i had the num_extend one .
too bad ,  it could have been a great system .
i would not buy these again and have switched to ecco shoes .
i will not be using this product again .
kind of a frenetic little toy that doesn t do much beyond lighting up and flashing .
lid seems flimsy like if i were to drop it ,  all the contents will fall out .
i guess i shouldve read it a little better but this did not work with my galaxy note num_extend
it is also larger that then old ones and will not fit very well into a child size pocket .
i thought they would be bigger for some reason .
where s the quality control ? avoid this bag ,  don t always go on the name if they can t produce the product .
my kids think this is really boring and won t even play with it .
they are barely satisfactory compared to the brushes i purchased from other companies; however ,  at a much higher cost .
i am sure they would have been nice had i got them .
at nearly $ you would think it would be of some size ?  wrong ,  again ,  my fault for not reading .
i ordered this from qvc and i have used it several times ,  not terribly impressed ,  particularly with the price .
just bought this patch kit and had a pinhole in my tube soon after .
i ordered these while traveling out west and couldn t send them back until i got home .
i thought this would fit my skinny num_num yr old cat .
lego products are usually so great but this one is really bad .
i tried to wash this product off and my hair was still in horrible shape .
so far there doesn t seem to be any damage ,  but i will able to tell with a few uses .
i know you won t find this helpful ,  but ,  on my opinion ,  don t loose money !  .
very disappointed in the quality of this unit .
i gave this to here and she had it is little tiny pieces in less than num_num min .
toaster looks better but performs far worse than $ ones i ve had .
this could have been from too much cheese  i added  .
unless this is purchased for something other than energetic play  isn t that the point  ,  i wouldn t recommend purchasing it .
it worked but after using it for about a month ,  it finally broke .
this product just does not work with nokia num_extend
so i lived with that noise for num_num months . then ,  the bad thing happened .
this time i am not happy with the purchase .
i could never go to the menu when my remotes stopped working .
i didn t really want to spend $ for an otterbox .
i would rather use pure oil than ever use this product again ,  regardless of the way it smells .
i would not buy this and i wouldn t recommend it to anyone .
long story short ,  while this router was working ,  it worked fine .
this back pack is ok ,  but i would not buy it again . pros :  big .
i plan to avoid their products in the future .
i have an olive complexion ,  just because it s more expensive doesn t mean it s better !  .
i would not recommend this to a friend ,  nor would i purchase it again .
this product isn t sweet like sugar at all .
anyway ,  now that i have read up on the ingredients i cannot recommend this product for daytime use .
i have never ,  ever used a mascara that had a smell .
even with soaking them in hot water ,  draining ,  then adding water for the soup ,  they re still too dense .
i also live by myself ,  so the fact that these don t use preservatives are a bit problematic .
this tube blew out after less than num_num miles .
also this stick tends to keep moving to the left when left alone after using .
i ve had this phone almost num_num months now .
overall ,  i do not like this toy and would not recommend it to others .
but we are still traumatized ,  if this was an accurate test a lot of stress could have been avoided .
they were wide across the toe tips ,  but that didn t help them fit me .
we re definitely getting a refund on this garbage .
we bought this pump because it was the only pool pump available locally .
i used this with a tray num_num x a day num_num min a day each time .
make sure you know its not large ,  only num_extend the size of your laptop screen .
good thing she s spayed because the girl would never get a date with that breath .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and nexus num_num crazzy .
there are a couple reasons i would not buy this again .
any who ,  these are much thinner than regular lasagne noodles .
this product does not work at all anymore .
i have an average beard and have been using electric shavers  foils and rotaries  over num_num years .
we like this item ,  but wish that it was available in larger sizes ,  these are way too expensive .
this game got boxed up for a time when we will never play it again .
this is a list of my experiences with garmin ique num_extend
even with the reformulation ,  i would still not give my baby this formula .
the quality seems a little low and smaller than i expected ,  we will see how long it lasts .
it took my dog no more than num_num minutes to chew through one of these .
read the other reviews about the connectivity problems .
feel like i was ripped off !  this does not work .
after that s gone ,  there s not much appeal to this camera .
there just isn t much to hold a kid s attention .
i tried this product after reading about it in a fashion magazine .
other than that ,  i m ordering the real card case from speck products .
i have used an electric razor for over num_num years and thought i would try the panasonic num_extend
did they answer your question ?  not impressed with their customer service .
currently ,  im using this to adapt a bike rack i got to my num_num inch receiver .
i have used the mixer intermittently since then .
i would have bought a third mill and brew if they still were around .
i am returning this unit ,  and will likely purchase a different model in it s place .
i ve noticed no difference with using this product .
i have never tried henna before but by all accounts this is definitely not real henna .
the pads work as advertised ,  but i didn t see any miracles happening with my skin .
i have a good set of henckels knives ,  these have absolutely nothing to do with them .
i just got this stuff yesterday ,  and already i hate it .
this particular one for the droid num_num seemed to only fit on the back .
this product does not stay on for too long .
if i hadn t walked back into the room it could have been much more serious .
this causes the dish to overflow with water all over the floor .
i bought this instead of the ipod because it was so much cheaper .
i am really disappointed as i purchased this because of all the good reviews .
i m thinking about calling a catholic priest to have an exorcism with this bag .
don t waste your money ,  time or energy on this cheap gadget .
the second broke about num_extend months after i bought it .
that tiny  tiny !   chocolate bar ,  and the seeds and nuts ,  doesn t make this worth the price .
if you have hooded lids ,  you won t see much from this product .
really disappointed . two ,  i found out that any product claiming to have collagen in it is fake .
imho it had about the same effect as just using water .
i used it daily for num_num years and never ,  ever had a problem with it .
it stopped playing the cassettes in about num_num months .
i went with waring because they used to make quality products .
but even with occasional light use ,  it started falling apart very quickly .
the game doesn t even have half of the levels goldeneye or pd num_extend
i ve reformatted and been through this several times because i just didn t believe it .
it s very small and doesn t stick well on the side of the sink .
picked this scope up based upon favorable recommendations on amazon ,  but have been disappointed .
after like num_num months however they began only charging to num_num bars and ran out very quickly .
these teeth constantly break off when you re removing the discs from the cases .
there seem to be a small percentage that also develops this  rash  with accompanied small welts in my case .
the left pedal keeps coming loose after about num_num miles of riding , this happened three times now .
then after i got it to work it just didnt work properly .
there are much better quality protectors out there .  .  . buy ones with better reviews or you ll regret it like i do .
i bought this because this was the only glass top on amazon .
kicks would have added a little more variety to the attacks . you should buy god of war instead .
with my old router ,  i used to be able to watch movie trailers and other streaming feeds .
we have num_num big dogs ,  that leave big and small num_extend
i would not recommend this unless you have a super narrow foot .
this band does not give you any support ,  it is just useless .
it looks and feels cheap the only thing that was good and impressing was the packaging it come with .
i returned this rack because it was not easy to put together and it did not stay together well .
that s not enough to keep two smartphones that are being actively used charging while driving .
have tried on several computers ,  and none will recognize it as a cd .
first of all ,  i may not be the market for this product ,  a beginner gardener .
the first thing i noticed when i recieved it was that it says  hand wash only  .
after using this product continously for num_num days ,  i did not see any difference in color of my teeth .
i have enough things to be self conscious about without smelling bad .
i just used this comb on my num_num year old daughter combing through her entire head .
wait until they come out with a better unit with a more powerful antenna and better interference filtering .
the graphics aren t that much better ,  and the animations have a few more flavors ,  but that s about it .
it being only a few bucks ,  i ll probably just go buy another brand . no ,  i can t recommend this case .
would look for something else !  we love kidkraft but this product just doesn t work .
also ,  it s not strong enough to hold much of anything . worse ,  it does not hold up in the heat .
as it is really hard to find a case that holds over num_num cars .
i would never give this to someone as a gift .
they seem to have forgotten about quality control .
they aren t even a healthy snack ,  so do not let that persuade you .
i purchased this and the usb num_extend to set up a home powerline network .
these are horrible speakers ,  nothing but static no matter where they are placed .
after a fee minutes of her playing with it ,  it started to gurgle and sputter ,  which was extremely loud .
this cap was definitely too small for my average sized head and felt very uncomfortable when swimming laps .
my num_num year old keeps pressing on the puzzle pieces to try to make them work .
also ,  it is supposed to have num_num radical spokes which make up the shelves .
very difficult to assemble ,  shelves are too small ,  not sturdy ,  needs better design .
so don t waste your hard earned cash on this thing .
my husband has been using this product for a year on his fungus toe .
it was hard to even put a star on this product because it doesn t deserve it .
enemies aren t too bad in this case ,  because they show up on your radar .
it is two round prongs which will not plug into anything i have ever seen or used .
first thing i cooked ,  stuck so bad ,  i transferred to a different pan to finish cooking .
unfortunately ,  the functionality wasn t there . i wouldn t suggest buying this ,  to a friend .
even after watching the installation video several times the screen protectors are difficult to apply .
have had several of these tubes and they all seem to develop slow leaks around the stem .
turns out ,  this pressure cooker will arrive at your door in need of assembly .
sure am glad the price was lowered from $ down to $ or else would have been very disappointed .
i may not be fair because i ve never tried a mortar and pestle before .
these are the worst potato chips i have ever had .
i took this everyday for three months and did not lose one pound .
that being said ,  given the lens price i would say its not a good lens to buy .
i was truly sorry i purchased this product .
these five star reviews were obviously written by people who never dealt with kitchenaid s poor customer service .
after num_num minutes i wiped it away with a warm cloth .
this may be okay for things that have enough color to mask it ,  but not for light stuff .
i wish they still made the original formula that came out in num_extend
i used this for music at the gym with an iphone num_extend
i m actually not very happy with this lead because i use it with a command collar .
overall ,  this gumball machine is not worth the money as it is very poorly made .
would definitely not recommend purchasing without considering other sources first .
i own two radio shack  optimus brand  radios that i ve owned num_num years and are close to wearing out .
as others have mentioned ,  the sizing is very off .
i bought num_num pairs to place around my pool and my daughter already blew out a pair of them .
but after num_num months ,  the learning feature stop working .
this shoe is probably one of the worst shoes i ve ever tried .
they train and train and accomplish nothing just like some other people are saying .
the instructions were for just a few of them and they are complicated to follow .
but if you have a very rambunctious dog like we do ,  this probably won t cut it .
this is old news about num_num minutes into the game .
this game is by far the worst db game ever made .
after numerous tries ,  it kept telling me that the phone did not support charging through that device .
doesn t seem to be able to clean much better than any other cleaning products i am already using .
worked great for num_num week ,  then it just quit .
there cheap for a reason they don t last long ,  mine broke the first week .
my toddler received it for christmas and has only played with it twice num_num months later .
this about my num_extend case i ve tried for my s iii .
i have only had this product for num_num days .
if you like the smell of aos sandalwood ,  that is about the only thing going for this product .
i have been using memorex dvd+rw disks for a few years .
i have used other eyelid primers that worked better .
you have to be able to stick something into the press holes or it just doesn t clean well .
i probably played for about num_num minutes until i realized how stupid this game was .
i don t know what they use as a template ,  but all i can figure is that they use dwarves .
as other reviewers have said ,  these are not thick and dense like real bully sticks .
this bar tastes ok ,  but definitely not what i was expecting from a  dark chocolate  bar .
it took about num_num minutes to sharpen ,  and it s ok now .
i would have not purchased them if i knew they would be hard to find once thrown .
however at this price we should really be getting better build quality .
the num_num model does the same and doesn t take as much space .
i really didn t notice any difference while using this product .
other than that ,  these bags have been frustrating in the extreme !  .
this broke the first or second time it fell . the sound quality is ok .
i might even have to admit that i don t know what s good .
when i bought this game i thought that it would contain at least num_num hours of gaming .
they do not seem to shed as this one lost over num_num hairs on the maiden run .
this wasn t a great on line purchase experience .
is it worth it ?  how long until another pin drops out ?  i am disappointed with the quality .
like crawford ,  i have not found a dual car charger on amazon that meets the spec on both ports .
i have never had a pair of reefs that has fallen apart so quickly .
this stylus comes apart really easily and feels super cheap .
not only should this game never have been made ,  every copy found to exist should be destroyed .
i dont expect this to last me more than num_num months tops .
the graphics look like yur playing on num_extend and the ai is really stupid .
i have never in my life had this sort of problem with jeans before .
there is no need for a long review of this game .  .  . it is simply unplayable .
they even tried sending me a replacement one but it wasn t any better not worth it at all .
the unit itself keeps falling apart at the center seam ,  and i have to snap it back together .
they re cheap ,  disposable and actually fit your toilet  tho you may need to secure it from shifting  !  .
i don t like this phone because it wouldn t ready my memory card .
i shave daily and my store bought cartridges run for atleast num_num weeks without any problem .
just make sure all the features work before you throw away the receipt .
i used to have an htc incredible phone and it came with  this  charger .
after all that trouble ,  i find out that this product is nothing special .
my num_num year old was given this for his birthday .
they used to have a nice ,  sturdy frame that made inserting them easier .
my daughter received this as a present when she was num_num months old ,  she now is num_num months old .
i have had this juicer for num_num years .
was okay for about num_num months ,  then it stopped working .
the key word is pitcher .   you will only waste time and possibly your health with this poorly designed product .
i initially gave this a num_num star rating .
i ve had this device for several weeks now ,  and i really wanted to like it .
my cats  i have num_extend were not fond of this  not even one of the flavors  .
other reviewers have mentioned this ,  and i have just run into the same experience myself .
this is the second ,  and last ,  time i will buy coffee from amazon . com .
first time i used it ,  i put water in and turned it upside down .
i used it probably about num_num hours per week ,  maximum .
this game in one word  .  .  .  !  get the madden num_num and don t even bother with this game .
they certainly sound no better than the stock apple headphones ,  but cost many times more .
i tried again with this order ,  eww ,  yuck ,  gross ,  disgusting .
after receiving this item ,  i returned it because it seemed pretty useless as a pillow .
i did not like the coverage from this product .
the voice recognition allows a call to be answered or ignored without touching a button on the headset .
ordered this case and had not had it a month when the front faceplate broke .
most reviewers seem to like them ,  so maybe it s just my sensitive skin that s the problem .
i have used other brands of microdermabrasion products and thought i would try this one .
i didn t have too much luck with this product .
this is the biggest joke of a phone i have ever seen .
i love nongshim noodles and soups but this one is not as good as the others .
as some other reviewers have mentioned ,  this bike has horrible chemical fumes .
that finally happened this weekend and while my son num_extend months  really enjoyed the water ,  he hated this float .
my fingers were sore and nearly bruised after trying to remove this case .
i got error num_num on my num_extend with this card .
it might solve a small problem and delay the flat but it doesn t seem like it will stop them .
i would not recommend this case to anybody ,  except people i don t like .
we both were not pleased with the taste .
so you have to take it apart to clean and dry every few days to combat this .
i was so disappointed when i read the label on this product .
spend your hard earned money on something else .
all of these symptoms manifest within num_num hours .
i have a nexus and the pen tip doesn t register even when i take the screen protector off .
other than that ,  it is literally boring and stupid .
after about num_num minutes of running i have to take them off .
this item is garbage at best !  !  my num_extend has a better battery life then this waste of material .
i thought this lip stain would last way longer .
i ve only had this bag for num_num days and it already seems to be coming apart .
maybe it s suppose to be and in my younger very oily skin years that would have been wonderful .
i would not spend money on this again .
i think ea sports has sunk it s ship with this one .
i have been using this for about num_num weeks now and it has absolutely made no difference .
using this device ,  windows num_num can no longer identify what type of monitor i have plugged in .
i do not think that this thing will be steady even with kodak easy share cameras .
please save your money and do not buy this record player .
i bought this product a month ago and i m not happy with it at all .
the black brush broke within two minutes of very light usage .
my cat hates this collar !  !  !  it s made of cheap hard plastic and has a strong odor .
i spent about num_num minutes playing this game before i realized what a bad game it is .
a total letdown . another thing that pisses me off is ,  this is a time exclusive title for the xbox .
i played through about num_num % of this and kept hoping for a big payoff at some point .
cheap quality as i bought num_num ea and both failed to stay closed .
alas ,  after only having this case for a few months ,  i have to replace it .
it is also hard to take the case off of the phone .
however ,  they are much smaller than i anticipated .
i used it ,  and the first time i used it ,  it wouldn t work !  .
spend a little more and save the hassle .
i tried it with extra long cables to get the transmitter away from the tv but still just static .
with all the rave reviews ,  i was really excited about these gummy bears .
they are so cheply made  ,  the car charger did not last more than couple of months .
sadly ,  i didn t like this homebake recipe nearly as much as other walkers cookies .
for some reason ,  they decided to make a straight jack into the device rather than a num_num degree jack .
after using over num_num differnt automatic lens this is the first time i have ever experienced a qc issue .
when i tried to do a video capture it froze up . i would not recommend this to anyone .
there is something about the chocolate flavor that is quite off putting .
this game doesn t deserve anything above num_num stars .
i used this product for three days in my coffee .
it seems to either work very well or very poorly .
ok ,  only giving this product num_num stars becuase you can t get rid of it .
it came in the mail quickly but i am unhappy with this purchase .
this thing won t fit ergo won t open anything larger than a standard tuna or soup can .
also it is shorter than a normal pen so many might not like that .
i ordered this to use in park ,  remote country side ,  lakes ,  or anywhere i need to charge my iphone .
it comes in a bottle that looks like a milk bottle ,  and that s it .
there are loads of other musical toys on the market that i would have bought over this one .
the rawhide bones in this picture look num_num times bigger than what they actually are .
even the koopa troopa is nowhere to be seen  well ,  other than that one race in the beginning  .
expect to reset the unit every num_num hours or so or else it slows to a crawl .
this was definitely not the best digestive enzyme for my body .
i never had this problem with my wheat grass seeds from mountain rose herbs .
this is nothing more than a set of colorful flashcards .
i received a pack of num_num arrows . so ,  there s that . also ,  the arrows look very cheaply made .
this just arrived in the mail and i applied it to my son s psp .
the only receipt i have when buying from amazon . com is what i show on my screen .
there is nothing in the manual about how to contact the company .
sadly ,  this cable while it looks good isn t super reliable .
i washed them in a dishwasher with many other things .
i have a sneaking suspicion that the num_num star reviews are the result of waterpik astro turfing .
i purchased for a mythbusters party and was very disappointed in the size and quality for the price .
i brewed this using my french press and was extremely disappointed .
i purchased this because of the big num_extend sticker which claimed to double my signal strength .
was gonna return them ,  but will have to pay shipping ,  not worth the trouble when they are so cheap .
i ve owned this camera for num_num years now ,  back then it was $
they were good while they lasted but they just didn t last long .
i would not recommend this phone for an active child .
it doesn t stick to my window for even a full second . i would never recommend this product to a friend .
been running with a num_num foot vga cable into num_extend with no problem .
i thought this would be a good idea for my hamster but he didn t use it .
i m really not understanding the good reviews on this product ,  it just doesn t make sense to me .
i purchased this item on march num_extend num_extend i have successfully used it about num_num times since then .
i told them i think it was missing an o ring because it would not hold a vaccum .
if you have a new microwave oven ,  i won t buy this product again .
i try to avoid gluten ,  so cereals have pretty much become a thing of the past for me .
so i don t know if i got a fake battery or not . not happy with this battery .
they work for wiping sweat ,  washing up at camp ,  cleaning equipment ,  wiping off bug repellent ,  ect ect .
i was expecting a little better quality out of this shoe ,  even at the cheaper price .
and now after num_num months ,  the thing sounds like it is on a ventilator ,  and moments away from death .
this is a great idea ,  but this device is completely unreliable .
this was torn open in less than a day by a puppy .
i tried again making a smaller cup but i still wasn t satisfied with the taste .
it makes a sticky .  .  . goop that isn t very easy to clean up .
i purchased num_num of these and have been replacing them with another brand as my funds allow it .
for this reason ,  i can only give it num_num stars .
they don t eat it even when mixed in with food .
i ordered a case for the samsung galaxy num_extend and received an ipod case in a beat up box .
if your dog only eats what taste good ,  then you can forget about this product .
i would not recommend this blender ,  i used it once and it stopped working .
i really have not been able to use this product because it doesn t fit my standard toilet seat .
within num_num minutes ,  he had pulled off a wing and swallowed it before i could get it .
i would not endorse this product for those wanting a product for watch maintenance . d .
i used it less than num_num times in the num_num months i had it .
i bought this phone in march num_num like many other reviewers who wanted a pda and phone combination .
i bought this product ,  not sure what to expect .
i was really dissapointed when one of the earbuds suddenly died without any explanation .
what can you expect for the price i guess ?  but this case was super cheap .
i will never purchase from this seller again and i advise others against it ,  as well .
this shoe is sized much smaller for a given size than the fila counterpart .
i received this skillet and the bottom of the skillet was dimpled in about num_num places .
i wanted so badly to give it num_num stars ,  but i wouldn t be honest if i did .
i have major problems with the bluetooth dropping the connection at random times .
but the design of this case it not useful to little hands .
you do the math here . this phone is all looks and no substance .
i read the reviews on amazon website before i bought this item for my am radio .
they rolled slightly inward  medial  when i walked in them .
i ended up returning this because i didn t like how it sat right behind my dog s front legs .
this would not be a good buy ,  unless they lowered the price .
i am disappointed with this purchase and would have returned it if it weren t a gift .
i would not recommend it ,  or buy it if i was looking for something of this nature .
also ,  the mounting bracket that attaches to the wall has a larger screw hole on the bottom .
it should have never been released with its battery issues .
i purchased this on march num_num and now ,  less than two months later it went into the garbage .
this product does not smooth out well so it looks streaky when applied .
really wanted to like this but it has no taste .
worked well however the dog chewed through the strap in about num_num months .
even my plantronics num_extend headset ,  which makes no pretension of high fidelity ,  sounds much better .
i have had num_num of these now for num_num different phones .
since this one was so expensive and had such good reviews ,  i was hoping i d like it .
these were very dry ,  poor quality chocolate and mediocre marshmallow .
this game turned out to be unplayable ,  i couldn t even develope a character .
i would have this plugged all day and it showed as if it was still charging .
after reading other reviews i now wonder if they are really even maxell .
there are very few positive things i can say about this grill .
however ,  i thought maybe i might have better luck with this this helicopter .
however ,  there is a flaw in the mechanics of this lens that is problematic .
my daughter wanted this pony so bad for christmas last year .
a return label was printed for this about num_num minutes after it came out of the box .
talk time is about num_extend hours less than the original .
i would not purchase from this company again .
they didn t feel like they would be very warm and just felt cheap .
the cage is just not working for me as well as i had hoped it would .
i bought this with high hopes and receive a poorly put together ,  awfully made product .
everything was just one big mess and i would never recommend this to anybody .
can anyone believe that ?  it seems samsung does not allow dissent ,  even from its loyal customers .
i was not impressed with any of the included flavors in this variety pack .
i have to wear only my newer pairs with these panty liners .
it isn t comfortable for sitting for long periods of time .
now ,  i have used gigi microwave stripless wax ,  and it is nowhere near as sticky as this one .
i have tried different sizes ,  but all had the same results .
i am sorry i bought it and now that i have used it i cannot return it .
it doesn t take them long to become toxic in that state .
i would not recommend this to people that have sensative skin .
in practice ,  the autorotation causes much more annoyance than any utility .
this product was really messy and got everywhere .
omg ,  this is the worst product i ve ever used in my hair  aa ,  relaxed hair  .
just not a great game ,  even accounting for the fact that it s intended for the youngest players .
i purchased this product in a local store ,  not on amazon .
i will only be using this as a dip if i ever even use it again .
they miss almost every time you launch them .
i was leaving for a fl vacation and didn t have the choice and went with them .
if you are looking for a low salt diet ,  this is not any good at all .
i ll just go back to my regular coffee grinder .
i tried this with a couple of dogs ,  they were both totally uninterested .
it s quite annoying and i would not recommend it to a friend .
i own two other brands that have gone through several years of the same treatment with no issues .
i only used it maybe about four or five times .
these pants did not fit as i expected even though they are my size .
i understand that trying to translate what s done with cgi into plastic can be difficult but this is embarrassing .
there are several stations in my area that send alerts but would not trigger this radio .
this thing is just not ready for prime time ,  paper books beat it hands down .
these eargels did nothing to help make my jawbone headset fit better .
this appears to be a good concept ,  but it did not last long .
not having this option really limits the versitility of my dell num_extend
i didn t even feel like it cleaned my face very well .
i feel like an idiot for falling for the hype .  .  . might as well throw the money in the street .
that s a feature this model used to have ,  but no longer .
other than that ,  i don t see a benefit .
now i m normally very patient with these things ,  but holy crap people .
i purchased num_num different shades of this brand and was very disappointed at how sheer they are .
lara croft games have never been any good .
a close friend with a num_num num_extend had very poor low beam light performance that needed to be corrected .
instead of detangling ,  this baby would rip your hair right out !  !  .
ect .  . this piece of gutless trash made in china is a phony baloney .
but my arm too thin can t use it .  .  :   hope the product will upgrade . velcro is too short for many people !  .
i haven t had problems with this bad of acne for a couple years now and since i started this .
i ordered my normal size which is num_extend and it was way too small .
i decided to give this a try and was unfortunately very disappointed .
i smelled electric smoke a few weeks ago and they have always had static in them .
soon thereafter ,  the new unit started leaking just like the previous one .
another thing i don t like is that the metal loop is fixed in place .
it would take someone num_num years to use the amount of cream that comes in this jar .
however ,  it didn t feel any better than the stock seat when actually riding a bike .
very irritating . big disappointments in this item ,  and not enough pluses to recommend it to anyone .
first of all ,  it took a long time to set up with all of those lego bricks .
this cable does not work with galaxy num_extend
these particular memorex cd labels are a much lower quality then what is advertised here .
i tried  doctoring  it up a bit with more liquor ,  whipped cream ,  etc without success .
i used it up in less than a week .
i ended up making this ,  adding more sugar to it ,  then adding more coffee .
the alkaline aa batteries that came with it weren t producing any spray ,  so i replaced  em with rechargeables .
i do not like that the unit has to reboot after most any change you make .
admittedly ,  have only used once to make waffles ,  which came out fine .
too bad there isn t another jacket like this out there .
i have only used it twice in the past year .
i bought this just because it was cheap with free shipping .
i m not sure how i ll get my floors clean with this device .
for me ,  these seeds are not as good in quality as the spitz seeds i ve purchased .
this isn t a bad tea ,  but it s not my favorite offering from tazo .
so i would not order this as a protective case just if you want a purple iphone .
probably more of a placebo than an actually  working  product .
they look like used one and made of plastic .
i generally like kong toys because they last but not with this dog .
only used it a couple of times but i didn t notice much difference .
this creates a big shadow on one side of the tank which is really annoying .
although these num_num plastic pieces only cost less than $ they are not worth num_num cents .
the last num_num or num_num games i got for the xbox have   .  .  .   wind !   including this stupid game wrecklass .
we ve had a lot of plastic crates over the years and this one is one of the worst .
needless to say ,  i will be returning this and not purchasing from this company again .
i believe that after using this ,  any required wires hanging around your front seat won t seem all that bad .
i purchased this item and i should have taken the advise from the reviews listed .
this is the same problem i have had with other portable sony radio products .
when i bought this ,  the description said it was a game ,  but it isn t .
i guess i m used to my % milk in my morning coffee .
they seemed pretty bland and really chewy but not chewy in a good way .
i think the look of this case really detracts from the design of the iphone .
i was all excited after reading the reviews .
always had to refill and wait to make a full pot of coffee .
i have been using norelco razor s for years .
also ,  my older female cat doesn t care for this toy ,  especially when it chirps .
somehow more cheap than all the other cheapos .
i started making protein smoothies with crushed ice and it pooped out shortly thereafter .
i d rather have an old turbo touch num_extend flat touch panel from my nintendo days .
the little flashlight does work on it ,  but a flashlight is not what i bargained for .
i have a num_num yr old golden rescue that sleeps in a num_num x num_num inch wire crate .
i ordered this product in winter ,  so no worries about the heat .
this is an example of a great idea gone wrong .
i bought it only based on amazon reviews and i really disappointed that this highly rated item is useless .
others before mentioned this same issue ,  so i know it s not just a fluke .
into even more than two pieces !  total trash .
and i ve never gotten any pains with any other whitening product beforei would not recommend this product .
this product is nothing more than a $ box . if you ll look ,  you ll notice the last review was in num_extend
there is nothing good about transformers the video game .
in tiny doses not bad ,  but overall ,  i would not purchase again .
otherwise ,  i would probably have given it num_num star .
and for the most part ,  the last num_num levels  of this num_num something level game  ,  are very challenging indeed .
if i remember correctly they were made of some plastic and some eh ,  metal .
well ,  i wouldn t know about that ,  as i can t get through the tutorial without getting a massive headache .
any dirt that can t be lifted with a damp cloth will stay put .
these two things combined made for an unpleasant comfort experience . i have to consider this headset to be a failure .
they tasted like they were made from old ,  burned oil .
i would have given num_num stars but these are honestly num_num pieces of very cheap plastic .
i ve had this knife for about num_num years and i used it moderately to divide perennials .
i bought a case of these because they were cheap .
where is the larger bottle ?  not pleased with small bottle at all .
they don t look or feel like a quality product .
i have no idea where the great reviews are coming from on this product .
i don t know what s wrong with this thing .
one thing i did notice was that if you don t use the screen protector that comes with the case .
this one is just way more trouble than it s worth .
if you re looking for a reliable product ,  pass this one up .
i bought these because they were cheap and that is what i got .
the rubber part of the case was not adequate in my opinion to really safeguard the phone .
the intensive collection offers more coverage  and lots of shades  than this foundation and feels like you re wearing nothing .
about num_num or num_num months after buying ,  the seal broke .
i returned them and i do not recommend product to anyone .
it s useless to us and i m so disappointed with this product .
i think this is a very bad wireless mouse .
sure it will protect your screen from scratches .  .  .  . it could no nothing else .
bought two of these for my num_num grand cherokee limited .
the cover looks pretty but it offers no protection to the phone .
i have been using this product for num_num weeks and see absolutely no differenceto my under eye area .
first one worked fine for about num_num months and then failed  no charge ,  no data  .
if it still does not work ,  i won t ask for a refund; i just won t order this product again .
i dont see where they have used olive oil in this product at all .
i bought this to use on an induction cooktop but it didn t work .
i ve been taking this but i am still gassy so i don t feel its been helping me .
i have tried to bring them near it ,  rub their fur and body ,  neck against it .
i can t seem to use this accurately ,  and it doesn t help the product didnt  come with instructions .
though the flavor is  creamy peanut butter ,   that doesn t describe it very well .
i took it apart several times and still couldn t get it to work .
this pack will not last long under repeated use .
however .  .  . the num_extend should have enough juice to fully charge my razr at least num_num times ,  if not more .
this does not make any sense . the bags are very small .
have used it for num_num days now ,  two tablets a day .
the arcitec num_num looked awesome ,  and i was looking forward to using it when i received it .
i ve followed directions including dumping the first brew and cleaning with cold water only .
just not enough to make me want to keep eating them or buy more .
but more on that later . my first experience with frontline plus was about num_num years ago .
my current pair has lasted num_num years but were starting to get really grungy .
i purchesed this item to go with the ati stock for my marlin num_extend
the items arrived and was very disappointed with the quality .
i like rimmel products but this one was not a good one .
they looked like what i wanted  ,  but when i order they were to big .
i was hoping this would be good and really wanted to like it .
i have no idea whether that is  allowed  with this machine .
i purchased this pan since because i don t like the teflon coated ones ,  but it was incredibly poor quality .
this deodorant isn t as good as i thought it would be .
i was really on the fence with purchasing this battery online .
as others have said ,  this eau de parfum does not last .
i bought this for my mother and aunt ,  and was actually a little embarrassed when we tried it out .
i only tried it for less than num_num minutes but that was enough .
i contacted otterbox customer service and they were very unresponsive and abrupt .
i have only used three colognes my whole life .
maintenance takes about num_num hour  with the quick disconnect valve  expect longer if you don t have it .
i have seen this occur with pyrex when you accidentally splash water on it when it is hot .
bugs ,  i expect ,  but i didn t expect it to be missing some very basic features that are now standard .
i used this for about eight months and the switch gave out .
it was only a couple bucks and i thought ,   hey this would be great for the beach ,  why not  .
i had really bad luck with this product .
if you do not want to lose your pet i wouldn t purchase this item !  .
this screen protector was not a match for the tab num_extend
the first thing this unit does when you plug it in is turn off your wireless security .
i bought this for myself and my mom because it was cheap .
they assume everything that you report is your error ,  not the recorder s .
i will never ,  ever use this product again .
charged my iphone num_extend num_num percent with the case fuly charged .
this headset frequently drops the bluetooth connection to my phone even when it is only a few feet away .
i used this along with another olay product .
i don t mean a conditioning residue ,  like you might feel on other products or conditioners ,  either .
cranium could have done better for its preschool gamers .
what a num_extend the useable pan size is way too small so kitty couldn t properly cover her waste .
your tongue jack ,  and stabilizers are the only thing that will hold you .
i realize most people like this product ,  but i found it nasty .
i ate it as a snack and it kept the hunger at bay for less than num_num minutes .
i really don t like them because they are bulky and heavy .
the hole that the door is supposed to go into was not not molded right .
nothing about this is mentioned on their site . this product is very flakey .
i would not recommend this toy to anyone who has a dog who chews .
it has just failed after num_extend years and i have purchased the same netgear model as a replacement .
having owned this product for num_extend years ,  i have noticed a number of num_extend
i have over num_num different email accounts such as yahoo ,  rocketmail ,  ymail and gmails .
i know battery life on smartphones in general is not that great .
it absorbs my nail marks ,  and any other nicks but i just doesn t look good .
this is one of those games that was all hype and nothing to back it up .
i will admit that my negative experience with this pressure cooker is partially my fault .
my num_num year old pit tore it to pieces in less than num_num minutes .
i expected better from fiskars because i have several other fiskars hand tools .
it s expensive but doesn t control odor better than cheaper brands .
my baby won t really eat them ,  either ,  even though she usually loves apple .
i am very disappointed ,  and have num_num puppies due in a few days .
i really ,  honustly think mgae didn t put enough facial detail into this doll .
my pup liked the knots for a few minutes but other than that ,  nothing .
this gets a  meh  rating from me and i would not repurchase or recommend .
don t you make the same mistake as well . update :  february num_extend windows phones do not have a call duration .
i ve had my infrashine flat iron for over num_num years .
that s sadly not the case with kotor num_extend the end ,  i can t recommend this game to anyone .
i wish i had read that these are made in china before i bought them .
also ,  i noticed that the soup is very watery and thin .
this meter is flawed ,  though seemingly well made .
this one was a little more powerful than others i ve tried but not much .
wow ,  worst thing about this product is the shipping .
i was not ,  however ,  expecting to find ethanol in this product .
i have tried to use it over the past several weeks .
i would not recommend this one ,  not worth it .
i ordered this battery as a replacement for my wife s samsung galaxy nexus  verizon  .
i bought this because i have terrible depression and will try anything to help alleviate it .
i started with a num_extend entry level espresso machine ,  with poor results .
i have a much better one that i paid the same amount for on amazon also .
i used this three times ,  shooting scenery and it fell apart on me .
was not impressed with this product ,  and i am glad i only got a sample size .
had the same problem with a netgear router i have .
but ,  i would recommend not to buy if its your first time .
even though i received this product for free through the vine program ,  it is still a disappointing experience .
this has to be the most uncomfortable back and shoulder support i have ever purchased .
the color is too shiny that it looks like some cheap chemical dye .
as this charger will not charge your battery that well don t waste your money .
this game is a myst clone that came out about five years too late .
what can they be thinking ,  flushing their good reputation away ?  i don t expect any longevity from this item .
i found the directions not easy to follow when it came to game play .
will never order this brand again !  not worth the trouble .
very unpleasant experience to be chewing and get that awful gritty sensation and sound between your teeth .
i took this immediately away from my child .
that is visibly the only thing i notice that could suggest it s a fake .
i ve never had a problem like this with amazon . com purchases .
it s very dry ,  very powdery ,  and comes apart too easily with the  too small  little brush that is supplied .
inside the home ,  this thing isn t very good and its way too big .
it was super thin ,  crispy and crunchy like a cracker .
warning .  .  . if you see a price drop below $ don t buy .  .  . it s probably not the product that s described here .
this unit worked til the warranty ran out then jammed with my media inside .
trap is not selective and will kill or injure anything that trips it .
as another poster mentioned my eyelashes don t hold curl with this either .
but even after a couple of weeks ,  her stools were still not normal .
we stopped feeding the beneful and within a couple of days he was back to his old self .
after i spent money and still stuck with a bad new screen . i would never buy from this vendor again .
man that goes to the gym ,  i can t imagine grandma trying to clean with this thing .
when i tried these  for nighttime wear  i was not impressed with the sound resistance or the fit .
the last one of these i bought only lasted about num_num months and then the motor burned out .
i ve made num_num batches of alton brown s choc chip recipe on these since i bought them several weeks ago .
other than the odd bubble from trapped dust particles ,  you couldn t even tell it was on .
maybe that will work for you but i won t buy them again .
my taylor has been in aquarium service for num_extend years now and have only replaced the battery once .
i have learned to hate everything about this phone over the past two years .
i ve made num_num loaves and every one was scorched ,  dark ,  and hard outside .
it also made my hair crunchy when i used it and stiff .
i paid full price for this product thinking that expense somehow equated to results .
after trying a lot of other cleaners ,  i bought this garbage .
i looked through many of the reviews for myst here at amazon .
this item is entirely useless and even dangerous ,  not to mention way more expensive than traditional num_extend
i ordered four bottles of this red glaze from impossible discounts through amazon .
the mold that made them must have been defective .
i tried it but it wasn t exactly what i was looking for .
i recomd this to people who have patince and are ok with barely fair results .
after using about num_num times ,  i received a red fault light .
now inferior does not necessarily mean bad for you .  .  . but i didn t want to take the chance .
i had a hard time trying to beat this game because the control was down right horrible .
the only thing i fail to see is the what all the fuss was about . does it shave ?  sure .
this item came ripped when it arrived and never fit my old iphone .
i have used it several times but each time it does not work well on my lashes .
i would not recommend this product get a food processor instead same money more functional .
there is also the danger of male cameltoe appearance unless that is the intended effect you are going after .
utter garbage . i couldn t agree with the other reviewers any more . i wouldn t get this thing even if it were free .
i have two cardinalfish ,  two clownfish ,  and five damsels ,  one of them num_extend long ,  who is a ravenous eater .
i was hoping to change it up with this product ,  but my dogs weren t really interested .
it does not offer much more than a short campaign and some new trinkets .
after num_num months this battery also failed so i won t bother buying another .
i would have to call this product unacceptable ,  and i am returning it for a refund .
i really wanted to like this but it s really hard to chew and has a strange after taste .
it dries fairly fast ,  but i still have had my polish smudge after almost num_num minutes of dry time .
since i had never used a tapered curling iron i realized this would take some getting used to .
it took some work to find out which num_num grains were in this product .  .  . wheat ,  oat ,  barley ,  flax ,  and  ?  .
i ve been using it for several months with no problems .
sound was mediocre at best compared to the  stock  earphones that came with the ipod .
with that being said ,  it does not smell the same as my previous paris hilton perfume .
i though that ,  for the price ,  i couldn t go wrong with this product .
however this product in the bottle had the worst plastic taste imaginable .
simply put it . i bought this game num_num years ago when i was num_num and had the same problem .
i have tried installing this game on num_num different machines with num_num different graphical setups .
the idea is that you want to predict how much static you will encounter while driving .
however ,  soft stools were the results with my two little dogs .
if they have ,  then i whack the outside with my hand to loosen them .
the previous pot i had was made in america and lasted close to num_num years .
they are not as thin and easy to apply as others i ve used in the past .
this protector is a sticky one ,  not that smooth as the screen of the phone .
if you have a normal size head ,  would not recommend it .
but material seemed way too thin; almost feels like you have nothing on .
i was playing xbox num_extend and took me around num_num minutes to finally get a good enough sound .
the price was cheap but the picture quality was very poor .
the first time i used it was on a num_extend lodge fry pan .
i have washed this towel countless times and it still leaves blue fibers all over my car .
the mixer is heavy but heavy doesn t necessarily mean powerful ,  there are issues with this mixer .
although this particular product didn t work for me ,  a bunch of his other products have .
cannot charge the iphone with a case on so this will not work for me .
after waiting two weeks i find out that they are going to refun my money .
i consider it a complete outrage that panasonic is not fixing this for free regardless of warranty status .
it didn t really clean my face at all ,  and i felt like i was washing my face with lotion .
i ve never played anything like it ,  but hours of this headbanger ultimately isn t worth it .
this is a major flaw in this game that renders it painfully frustrating at many occasions .
i struggled with these products for num_num months before finally convincing the var to let me return them .
compared to the other soap i bought  australian lemon soap  this nubian lemongrass is not good .
knowing most of the reviews were probably bogus ,  i bought anyway .
not happy right now ,  it has been num_num month and i still have not received the product .
i hate valve now ,  and will not buy another game from this company .
that s where the problem is . returning them right away .
i don t like this bra because it smashes my breast .
however ,  i can t begin to describe how much i hate this paper .
i simply suggest you go to costco instead of spending this much money with this seller .
about once a month it loses its database and the files have to be rescanned .
and i have num_num  give or take a few  reasons why i hate this game so num_extend
this case was bought for a galaxy num_extend
i have bought gold toe socks for probably num_num years or more .
the watch band ripped off within a week ,  then the whole thing began to glitch out .
although there was no visible damage it didn t work any better than the bell compass .
there are a lot of things that the game still didn t explain .
so far i have been pretty disappointed with this kvm .
i bought this num_num years ago but should have returned it immediately .
i bought the num_num mah battery over a year ago .
now it makes contact with my nimh batteries but the battery cover on this thing is really flimsy .
not even num_num months after i bought it ,  it stopped working .
it looks like the page was printed on a crappy inkjet printer ,  with pixilation apparent .
dont get me started ,  this game is pointless if you just have one gc num_extend
installed a different model linksys card in about num_num minutes with no problems .
it works but the sound quality is not even close to the fm radio .
also ,  the top itself did not seem square even though i set it up exactly as the directions stated .
so ,  where to start .  .  . first thing you will notice with this toy is the sounds ,  they are pretty terrible quality .
will use the rest because i dont want to go thru the hassle of returning it .
i did this and it seems that my problem was solved .
i think that jabra could have done a much better job with this unit .
i m just glad i didn t pay for the expensive ones !  .
i can barely stomach it and agree that i would rather eat salad plain than with this dressing .
i recently gave the phone away to someone because i wouldn t sell it to anyone with this serious problem .
i will not be recommending this product to anyone to buy in the winter .
plus they do not give you a full refund so don t buy from this company .
they sent a replacement and it had the same exact problem .
the units i puchased were identical and only one unit is still operational after four years .
i cant say i am completely unhappy with this device .
will not be purchasing more it just didn t work for me .
the low rating is not with respect to the quality of product that the company puts out .
that was the first in a list of unhappy discoveries with this product .
i have tried using this mirror on both my road bike and my touring bike  with butterfly handlebars  .
this product is too much trouble to deal with .  .  . and i rarely write a one star review .
i used this product for a week ,  and my nails just got worse .
a well built wide tooth comb would be better ,  i will not be buying this product again .
wearing these in my chair at work i thought they were going to burst ,  leaving me exposed .
unfortunately these do not stay on and they hurt my ears too .
same thing :  did not work ,  num_num minutes with tech support ,  no success .
i use neutrogena as shampoo and body wash ,  as i have for nearly num_num years .
i have pretty long thing hair and this pomade worked with limited results .
however ,  when i received my product ,  the blue was a lot darker than anticipated .
however ,  after about num_num months of trimming ,  the string broke .
company did agree to change the listing of this product and appoligized .
quite disappointed with this product ,  especially since it s a monster .
i don t even think i will be able to choke down this small container it s so bad  :   .
dropping $ on a game like this would be unfortunate .
i bought this because of the great reviews but i have seen no improvement of my calluses .
this is probably the worst product i have ever used .
would not recommend it for purchase regardless of the rave reviews printed previously before .
i wanted something for my walk in closet that i could throw my excess clothing on it .
most of my boxes came from amazon . i have two big problems with this litter box .
its been over a month that i ve asked for them to resolve this ,  not happening .
i have been using this color num_extend deep copper  for a while .
i purchased this with the necessary kit to install for my num_num toyota corolla .
the first time i used this i have a feelings its not gonna work on my hair .
for what i paid for this panasonic headset i just can t justify trying to send it back .
i have been using thenataal premium stylusfor my iphone ,  ipad and kindle fire .
don t like the warranty ,  only num_num days ,  wtf ?  ?  ?  panasonic s is one year and koss s is lifetime .
this product was dry and almost unusable even with a great deal of effort to reconstitute .
i entered to find only about num_num games ,  all of which were in progress except for one .
i ve used a speed v comp about num_num years ago and had no issues .
this is not a touch lamp ,  though product description says so .
very disappointed with this order !  i shall continue to search for the perfect  fat guy  clothes !  .
battery simply ddin t hold a charge after following charging directions .
after several tries ,  on areas with various hair textures ,  i m giving up on it .
battery life is just awful  ,  two of them have already swelled up from heat while charging .
i usually buy at whole foods ,  but i thought i would save some money .
there are much better products available in the same category in this market .
i am not satisfied ,  would not recommend buying from website in case you have issues .
i have an old feather light rod from eagle claw which i ve had for years .
i have thrown them away .  .  . just to painful to use .
they can completely destroy just about anything they take a notion to destroy .
i ordered a wide size but they just don t work for me .
i bought this but it dried in the bottle very quickly and was difficult to apply .
i was hoping  and praying  that i would get any color other than pink .
but now i am not going to . i have had this for just over a year now .
these are the only nice things i can say about it .
i will wear them again but for now they are sitting in my closet .
it now plays for about num_num minutes and then starts to freeze .
the colors are not as vivid or crisp as i thought they would be .
pressure is not very good on any of the num_extend
i was only num_num years old my first time playing this game back in christmas of num_extend
thus ,  it breaks .  .  . they do a miserable job of packing this item for shipping .
this would be a great screen protector .  .  . but they forgot the cutout for the sensors .
i gave this num_num stars because the graphics are pretty nice ,  but thats where that ends .
it was such a small amount and really not worth it .
i was pretty disappointed in this product and wouldn t recommend it .
eventually after communication through various mediums they agreed to send me a replacement .
it is more trouble to send it back than it is worth at the price paid .
it doesn t look like you are ,  but then you see the enemy s hp draining .
he bought four of these but i d be happy never to see them again .
there wouldn t be anything wrong with this if it were paced better .
al in all my this toy is cute ,  but really ,  really poorly made .
i remember playing it with num_num other players all day for a couple days and never feeling into it .
ok its been only num_num days now and this charger does not work .
followed tips from other reviewers but still couldn t get it to work .
it is about the size of a small beret ,  with at most ,  num_num inch of overhang in back .
the bottoms of these socks look like they have been caught in some kind of grinder ,  loose threads everywhere .
i have had the product for about num_num months .
the cats really do not like this flavor .
i do not have high arches ,  more like medium arches .
this is how my grandmother used to do it with her old swingaway can opener .
if it holds two quarts ,  then it holds just barely that amount .
i did not spend as much time trouble shooting this time because i had seen it before .
i used this num_num times and it shorted out .
compared to the other knives from this company ,  the num_num seems like a toy .
but they taste really strange compared with other brands like lindt or hershey s .
if i hadn t wanted a trackball right away i would have bought it at amazon .
within num_num minutes i washed it off with soap and water .
avoid this game ,  if you must play online ,  get the espn game ,  much better .
i wouldn t recommend this antenna because it does not work .
i most certainly would not recommend this product .
these arrived dented even though they were well protected .
i think i would have rather paid a little more money for something better than this .
bought this about num_num years ago from another site  much more expensive  .
the plastic cups that hold the wood beams broke and you cant repair them .
will not buy it again ,  not even as a gift for someone i am not fond of .
i did not reorder because i thought the diamonds would fall out when wearing .
then it started becoming a lint and dust magnet ,  making my phone look like junk .
i have had for for maybe num_num months and used it probably num_num times .
granted ,  they were briefly sucked on ,  but i am totally disappointed in this product .
i have used it about num_num times . this thing is complete junk . fuel nozzle .  .  . leaks then completely broke .
if you have larger dogs these do not seem to do much with a lot of hair .
if they gave it a num_num month warranty ,  i would not had expected so much .
i have owned the original calphalon professional hard anodized for near num_num years .
i love mango and i love peach but i tasted no  tea  flavoring in this product .
if you have misgivings about magnesium stearate ,  don t buy this product .
havn t received them yet ,  so i don t know how these will perform .
i have natural hair i m african american ,  and this is really not a good product for my hair .
i am num_num hours into this game ,  and was very close to finishing .
this black case cover for iphone num_num is not very good .
after reading more reviews ,  don t accept the refurbirshed version either ,  for many people on cnet they have not worked !  .
this thing just doesn t work well with the treo num_extend
the price paid for this product is a waste .
what i do know is that it was more trouble than it was worth .
i have found this to be more like a  false hepa filtration  vacuum .
i would have been happy to pay what i paid for an item that worked for several years .
it never really dried ,  and the sights were easily removed ,  which is not what i wanted .
really wanted it to work but plain water would do better .
so i was not happy with this product and will never purchase this again .
just like most of the other reviewers stated that you can t go wrong getting this lens .
this is a good idea ,  but it s not good for bigger pills .
however i have no time to return the product and i will bare with this .
hopefully that one won t cause me the problems that i have gotten with this one .
there was also an odd greasy residue on the cardboard insert in the package .
for the number of times i used this ,  it isn t worth any price .
this brushes are not even better than good .
this product did not work at all and with multiple ethernet cables and computers .
even though it s expensive i promise you that it is not worth the money .
the cuisinart fit the bill . unfortunately ,  this coffee maker makes barely lukewarm coffee .
this case offers little more than mediocre scratch protection .
so clearly it does something .  .  . just not what i hoped . i have learned lately that i have hashimoto s .
it seems so many toys are made so poorly now ,  not many last longer than a week .
i would not touch this game again with a ten foot pole .
i reluctantly gave it to him ,  and i m not looking forward to him actually using it .
should have bought two . the olive one is totally poor quality all the way around compared to the denim one .
i m writing this review in hopes of preventing someone else losing their memories .
those are the only positive things i can say about them .
i didn t read about this until i had already started taking it .
deducted num_num stars because it s pretending to be something it s not .
this game is of very mediocre quality by to days standards .
maybe nioxin is still effective despite being made in mexico ?  just don t purchase it from amazon  possibly fakes  .
the volume control degraded the sound quality significantly .
after about three weeks it just abruptly quit .
the little chrome handle fell off the first time i used it .
they just did not work for me in the way i thought they would .
this is the num_extend cat tree i have purchased .
they really don t even space my toes apart because they are so narrow .
i believe this is because it has been stored for too long in that worthless bottle .
only an address on the paper that came with it .
now ,  that s real customer service . olympus will never never get my business again .
those are about the only good points about this cleaner .
who said this was scary ?  must ve been a real whoosie .
sorry maxis ,  your a good company stuck with a lousy publisher .
with poor customer service like that i say avoid at all costs .
it only gets num_num stars from me . for one ,  game play is difficult .
this protector was not user friendly ,  does not cover phone screen , also doesn t stick like it should .
not like  was that you ?   stink ,  more like  is that a dead raccoon in your mailbox  stink .
there has to be something chemically wrong with this toy .
i purchased these with the intention of eating them as a snack replacement for potato chips .
i ve used a lot of irons and my experience with this one was not great .
sony has known issues with this tv ,  and they will not permanently ,  correctly fix it .
i haven t a clue who designed this thing this way or why ,  but it s really moronic .
i bought this to replace my hamilton beach fluff and flip ,  which is now unavailable .
just think they should have tested their product a wee bit more before releasing it .
mounting a trailer to this hitch would have been unsafe . i learned my lesson .
this is by far the worst knife i ve ever owned .
really cheap quality blade ,  buy and oster brand blade ,  if you don t want to be wasting your money .
compared to higher priced items they are of very low quality and low durability .
sometimes the red does not line up nicely like how it does in the picture .
compared to the other jms bra purchased on the order ,  this bra is not as supportive ,  nor as comfortable .
received this today and tried it in my iphone num_extend
i have golden retriever and after num_num days the ball cracked .
not even close !  these are very cheaply made .
wasted my money thank u very much !  sigh .
this wouldn t have been all that bad ,  but no good substitute is offered .
i recently replaced several carpeted floors with wooden floors and don t need ugly baseboards and floors .
i am very disappointed and would not buy again .
i struggled with trying to get this thing to work with my blackberry num_extend for some time .
i m glad i read the other reviews about making sure to handle it with dry hands .
however ,  this weakness plays off the game s other weakenesses .
we have woody ,  jesse and zurg and they all seem to be holding up fine ,  but buzz is junk .
perhaps it takes longer than num_num months to effectuate any change .
i think they re better than num_num star ,  but not much .
i wont be ordering from this seller again beware of this imposter .
did this for num_num months and the achilles tendonitis went away .
i ve had these speakers for about num_num years .
people with sensitive skin should avoid this product .
they sent me two more batteries and i tried one which just died after num_num min .
i ordered a num_extend my normal us size .
these taste okay ,  but have a really ridiculous amount of sugar .
after two months using this cream ,  i have not seing any results .
i also feel like i have too much hair for this cap .
so other than being helpful to turn my phone into an alarm clock ,  this cradle is not worth it .
and diplomacy . i do have a huge problem with this game however .
i was happy to find these ,  but disappointed when they arrived .
what i got was hours of frustration trying to figure out how to make it boot up .
this is not a good price for this item .
i was looking forward to this iron ,  my hairstylist had used one this size last time i went .
although i purchased it directly from this listing ,  the radiometer i received is not the same .
i had to switch back to my old pair after only being at work for num_num minutes .
no meat grinder should be made with a plastic housing .
keens are much more narrow and smaller than they used to be .
returned it . i ll stick with carrying a charger around with me from now on ,  this just isn t worth it .
i would not recommend this brand to you .
however ,  upon first trying to put it on my otterbox defender hard case ,  it would not fit .
there are virtually no instructions and they scratch very easily .
i imagine i ll be steering clear of this brand in the future .
i mean they work ,  they are okay ,  but that is it ,  i will never buy them again .
i did not like the scratchy material it was made of and i was only trying it on .
i bought these for my puppy but they were too hard ,  she never chewed on them .
tazo must have been very unmotivated when it created this flavor .
ordered this for my droid and it does not stay on the phone .
this is not always the case and breakfast cereals are no exception .
definitely not worth the price for num_num uses for each teaser end .
i really didn t like this product theysent me something else that i didn t order .
this one lasted only num_num months before the volume and channel keys stopped working . sony .
literally go down to the nearest convenience store and just purchase rubbing alcohol because that is what this is .
not worth it for the price amazon has it for . will not purchase again !  .
if you have sensitive skin then do not buy this product !  !  .
it was a piece of crap that wasn t even worth the num_num dollars i spent on it .
this game is sooo boring and the same as halo num_num and num_extend
i m not sure why this has such good reviews .
so if you have the same use for this item ,  do not buy this item .
i have hard time to make this product to work for me .
one polder is probably num_num years old and it s still tickin  .
i was hoping these would be good ,  but they just weren t .
i am hoping they will last a while ,  but i m not too optimistic .
it probably works ,  but there s not much i ve found that will make this substance disolve .
i bought this to replace a bodum schiuma that failed after about a year and a half .
i tried it with a case and without a case .
i could only handle a couple of bites before throwing away .
the sole looks to be well over num_num inches thick . the shoes are also on the expensive side .
and to be fair ,  this was one of her favorite toys that was played with frequently . the issue was durability .
if you re skeptical ,  rent it first .  .  . i think you ll conclude that this is the weakest of the sequels .
unfortunately ,  i couldn t tell a difference and i didn t want to play around with the dosage .
i don t think i can live with this .
cheap looking and probably will not last long .
i ve never really reacted well to aspartame at all ,  even with diet sodas .
but if your looking for something that lasts a week i guess this is the case for you .
a very ,  clunky ,  front heavy with light stock type of gun .
this product must be made wet to use .
this means that if you use them ,  your skills actually decrease .
i m really disappointed with this product ,  mainly because i really ,  really wanted to love it .
this product did not work well for me at all .
if you want to buy this ipod the only reason is you want to jog and run with it .
there is cheaper stuff that does a much better job !  it s not worth the money !  not for black hair !  .
after reading other low reviews i learned that this has been a problem in the past .
i will not be ordering this brand again though .
i ordered this one real cheap here on amazon .
also ,  very expensive when you compare it to fresher shrimp from a grocery store .
this case will be going back as soon as i get the email with a return label .
i must drive num_num hours to exchange this phone for another and hope it works .
it was much more of a pain than a help .
in the end ,  i found it to be nothing more than a repetetive ,  boring ,  and dreary gameplay experience .
unfortunately ,  this was not the case with my purchase in february of num_extend
don t get unless you know exactly that it is going to work .
i have owned the vacuum cleaner for about num_num years or less .
i think they advertise long lasting because they stay in your drawer instead of being worn .
when it worked it was great but that only lasted for about num_num months however .
i cant even put my finger on what it was but it was very unpleasant .
ea will never have the option of my business ever again .
i don t think i will purchase this again .
the clicker type training didn t work nearly as well as just giving a treat at the time of obedience .
any normal lighting situation will charge it up to glow for about num_num minutes .
after reading reviews and watching youtube videos on this i was so excited to try it out .
it was white with black bits all over the place .
not severely .  .  . it has been a year and only faint redness here and there remains .
less num_num hours later ,  limp hair that wouldn t hold a curl .
the dish tasted the same as the smell ,  almost inedible . definitely never to purchase again .
i cannot imagine this product lasting more than a few years for anyone .
i have purchased many screen protectors on amazon and this one by far is the worst .
when i am dead ,  i m sure they will be thrown away .
my son received this set as a birthday gift and i was quite disappointed with the shoddy quality .
these earrings didn t have the definition that the pic looks like .
i ended up buying another dust mop for light dusting of the floors .
they just fell off ,  while the case was on my phone .
i know energizer makes some great products but i would not recommend their rechargeable batteries .
then the lcd s colors began to look washed out ,  and parts of the digitizer became unresponsive shortly thereafter .
this rat trap is designed pretty much like any standard mouse trap .
but beware that the unit does not include a power adapter .
this is not a good product ,  save yourself time and effort and don t order it .
i ve bought two of these ,  and both have gone bad .
they also take twice as long to charge compared to amazon s and the charge does not last any longer .
it says with ceramic on the title but this isn t like the ceramic curling iron i recently purchased .
really wish i can return it but apparently i only had num_num days to do so .
they were way too narrow . this seems to be a trend for footwear purchased on amazon .
the case was flimsy and didn t hold very well to my phone .
this product is cheap even for the price .
i have used many other screen protectors and have never had any like these before !  .
plus they cost the same or less than this camera is advertised for here .
i ve used these types of wooden brushes in the past ,  and they have lasted a long time .
i would not buy these and would not recommend them .
i highly discourage anyone considering buying this product .
i used to drink a can of slim fast every morning for breakfast .
i really don t understand all the great reviews for this product .
this product did absolutely nothing that it said it would .
the first ram is still going strong ,  but the last two sets were both defective .
these earphones ended up laying around in my house and will probably never be used .
unless the taste of this differs by can ,  i would recommend to skip this soup .
don t waste your money or time waithing for this thing .
while is wasn t horribly expensive ,  i expected to last a bit longer than this .
you need to follow the directions carefully so that you don t end up with a huge mess .
my num_num year old lost interest in this very quickly .
this case is easy to take off ,  but it doesn t stay on .
i love beef jerky ,  so i was really looking forward to these ,  but i was so disappointed .
if i had wanted it to jump start my period ,  that would be num_num stars !  .
num_extend the suction cups do not hold this is place very well .
i know this product says it has over num_extend of caffeine in it .
i probably would have gotten it if this hadn t been the num_extend
not goodthe other thing ,  it didnt come with screen protecter .
i have tried it on damp hair as well as dry hair .
just cause video games are popular now more than ever ,  new and hyped don t mean good .
impossible to clean ,  you remove the top ,  everything comes apart .
i think this company s products have gone downhill .
in the picture ,  the rings looked like they would work great but after actually trying them out ,  no way .
i would not recommend them; go with the scoshe over the ear headphones instead .
i have used the bayer contour system for several years ,  on the suggestion of my doctor .
i only wish my experience with this unit had been more positive .
after that all i could hear was static and nobody could hear me .
too bad they come with such an awful game .
lo and behold ,  i get a battery from september num_num that holds a full charge for about num_num hours .
however ,  it does not work without a good bit of carving and shaving .
there s even an amazon discussion on this product about having no lift .
i have been using derma blend since num_extend
the microwave is so small you can t even put the plate that comes with the kitchen in there .
we only used it once and never used it again .
but that is the reason that this thing gets num_num stars .
you re probably looking at this product because you are looking for a good ,  cheap air stone .
i began using this night and day ,  as directed ,  for about num_num week .
the conditioner you use with this is really bad ,  i d suggest not investing in any of these products .
the cost to return them is prohibitive because they weigh a lot ,  so i ll be throwing them away .
this litter is so strongly scented with pine that my cats refused to use the litter box .
seems like it should have really went somewhere ,  but no ,  it didn t .
the soft rubber connection doesn t hold the tubing secure and it came off and caused some flooding .
i will not buy this toy again not worth the money .
that means each side of the roof rack can support no more than a num_extend lb .
this is a pretty major flaw ,  as coffee stains all over the place are not particularly professional looking .
the only good thing about their customer service is that that don t leave you on hold forever .
what a waste of time and money . never again .
i should have paid closer attention to the product description before buying this under amazon s bargain bin .
i am disappointed with the quality of the rubber case .
the tab is broken on one of the days ,  which makes it very hard to open .
the red spinning wheels it comes with area good idea ,  but they dont work !  the marble gets stuck everytime .
it was cheaply made and tore right away .
the iphone will not fit in this case an old type flip phone will fit .
i will buy squeeze bottle for next time ,  so it can go straight to my scalp not hair .
i have found bread making to be about the most frustrating thing i have ever tried .
i waited for this delivery for num_num days now even though it is under prime shipping .
frankly ,  this just isn t worth the money !  four hours .
this was cheap enough ,  but what is a good price for a useless product ?  .
unfortunately ,  the product is very poorly described here and thus i cannot purchase with any confidence .
this is just so poorly made that it simply wasn t any fun .
i have oily skin though i m in my num_extend and this exacerbated my break outs .
they look like they come out of a disney film .
not to mention ,  this just doesn t absorb odors the way i hoped it would .
it looks ,  and is ,  very cheaply made !  the material is thin and light weight .
they just felt like you were wearing a thick cloth diaper .
no zoom either ! not that anyone would really buy this camera these days ,  but don t buy this one !  .
i have always like calphalon ,  but this is not a good piece .
i own these but i don t wear them anymore ,  nor will i be buying more in the future .
i ve been using this radio for about six months now .
the sound quality is horrible and it doesn t work unless you re pretty much chewing on the mic head .
this product made a lot of promises ,  and delivered on none of them .
decided to try this stuff ,  bought it at a local grocery store because i had a $ off coupon .
i wish i hadn t spent the money on this product .
fortunately they were on sale for a great price so i don t feel bad wasting the money .
even cheap generic batteries when they leak did not make this much of a mess .
this is just a ridiculous toy ,  and one that i would never recommend to anyone else .
that s about the only plus to this product .
the sound quality on this version is not as good .
i had to buy another usb cord because i became very frustrated with this .
don t buy anything large or heavy from amazon as they ship with eagle gl .
there s no question now that i ve gotten those genes .
a lot of people don t realize that bikes come in different sizes ,  like clothing .
i will not be buying these bars again .
over about num_num items to look thru to find what the heck they wanted a rating on .
i only gave it two stars because it is durable and still going strong ,  unfortunately .
the only reason i gave moroccan oil num_num stars is because it smells nice .
i have used several different brands of dry apply screen protectors .
for about num_num years and this is not the only filter i have had problems removing .
well ,  today was that day ,  phone died at work and my work charger broke also .
i used this companies paste before with great success ,  but this stuff was a disaster .
after reading some of the other reviews ,  i had some doubt about purchasing this item .
i m not going to attempt to clean this product or use it again .
before you buy this ,  ask yourself if you mind air bubbles all over your psp screen .
in my case my failure rate was % in both cushions that i bought through amazon .
i had high hopes for it based upon other reviews but it had no effect upon my dog .
just recently i have used the cover and realize it does not fit tightly .
this product is poorly manufactured and does not fit num_num or num_extend
also ,  the characters are not very detailed or developed very well .
they shrunk so much i could not get them to stretch out big enough to cover the front teeth .
for myself ,  however ,  this  zoic  product is more like a .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . zonk !  .
it seems like a great concept ,  but just isn t going to work for us .
i can t believe people would ever pay more than $ on this thing .
i m surprised more people have not posted about what a disaster this product is ,  with many many early failures .
that s the reason i no longer purchase this item .
i received this product and sent it back because it was damaged in shipping .
it just doesn t hold much . read the dimensions carefully .
telestrations ,  cranium ,  scotland yard ,  wits and wagers all received much more play time than this game .
as your skills increase you will notice that you will quickly outgrow this kit ,  rendering most of it useless .
i fill finish taking what i have ,  but i will not waste any more money on it .
awhile back ,  less than num_num months ,  i purchased four packs for num_extend dollars .
first time i used it the lever broke off .
you cannot wear them without feeling something pushing into your head .
the dogs liked it ,  but after reading the ingredients ,  i don t think i will buy this product again .
yuck !  it doesn t taste like good coffee and it doesn t taste like french vanilla .
the tuner itself is great ,  but the product fails because it broke in num_num minutes .
used nothing but extra virgin olive oil in it .
if you want to make smoothies ,  forget this blender .
haven t used it since ,  haven t heard any funny sounding barking since .
i didn t notice any difference when taking selenium .
honestly ,  this didn t do a single thing for me .
i dropped my phone and it fell right out of this case .
i was hoping this product would help but it doesn t ,  plus it is very pricey !  it s just ok .
we bought this toy for my num_num year old and it s completely unusable .
you can t even attack ,  whats up with that .
this just does not feel like a quality product .
do your face a favor ,  add few dollars more and buy a better product .
other than that ,  the graphics have a very num_extend look to them ,  and the weapons were rather dull .
if the legs and seat are slimmed down ,  i would purchase again .
i probably should have just trashed it . i debated for a long time before purchasing another .
now i m stuck with num_num cans of food that my cat will never eat .
too bad oster used to be a name that meant quality .
the stand that they come on was shattered ,  so i had to find additional means to store the product .
i personally would not recommend these ,  especially to anyone with large dogs .
this is not the first time this company has messed up an order .
after reading a bunch of great reviews when i purchased this ,  i was excited to use it .
i will never buy this tea again ,  and am leery of trying their other teas .
a lot of printing companies use these because they re cheap .
this proved too painful to use for my wife with her arthritis .
i went to walmart and purchased a different thermometer for less money than i spent on this one .
this item was also too sweet tasting for my diabetic self .
if others report problems ,  then i would stay way from this product .
i had purchased the same opener several years ago at a department store .
i ll just keep my old stainless ones a while longer . these new ones are out in the garage .
i would not purchase this item in the future .
i used this for a good num_num months before deciding it doesnt do diddly .
i have super oily skin and i was hoping that this balancing oil would balance it out a bit .
i tried a size bigger and smaller than my normal shoe size .
i only have used this about num_num times for just my husband and myself .
this is a very over priced natural ineffective product .
very short shelf life on this one ,  will be a blip in online history num_num years from now .
there were several negative reviews for this and i have to add mine .
other than that ,  i did not get what i ordered .
i hope they ll go back !  i can t tolerate using this and have been using aveeno instead .
i don t like to have a zillion things plugged in on my bathroom counter .
i am not satisfied with the performance of this at all .
nutritionally ,  they are nothing to write home about .
very disappointing ,  as these used to be a great product .
i was really hoping for something small i could put in a drawer that would work well .
i got this and raspberry leave to help with fertility and was not impressed with either of these products .
i have shaken this stuff for at least num_num minutes ,  just for it to still settle at the bottom .
i bought this one based on the amazon reviews; this is the one time they failed me .
these shoes dont fit very well and are awkward to walk in .
often times the android operating system would just crash for no reason .
there is also a flaw in the lens just on the edge of my vision which is irritation .
although the concept is great ,  this product is not worth the money .
we have used this coffee pot for num_num months and this morning it caught on fire .
it also looked faded like it has been sitting for a long time .
i was sorely disappointed in the cheap quality of this product .
i have used many others but this one was af waste of money .
however ,  i have some issues with this case .
i cant be too disappointed as this mask was only about num_num dollars at walgreens .
junk junk junk !  !  do not buy this cord because it will not last at all .
i have tried many different brands of microwavable macaroni and cheese and most are barely edible .
bottomline :  this filter is not compatible with mr .
i had high hopes for this product according to the rave reviews .
had high hopes for this but just not right for me .
that s fair marketing ,  right ?  others would have no problem agreeing to pay for the symbol ,  right ?  .
i have try to recharge it several times and i think the battery is completely dead .
i do not recommend to anyone especially if you have a picky eater .
i give it a single star because it failed two weeks after the return period .
it wasn t even the right color it was orange not red like i wanted .
i started this week and the scab has already fallen off .
i ,  like another reviewer here ,  also live in a very dry region .
also they only lasted about num_num days before the left one failed on me .
this was the worst purchase i ve made through amazon .
i would also like to add that dbroth company has the worst business sense ever .
when my grandmother needed a new set of knives ,  i felt i could not go wrong with these j . a .
i have put on screen protectors before and never had these type of issues .
it is the only electronics product that i have purchased that breaks in less than num_num days .
i will most likely put them out on my grill and burn them .
this is by far the most disgusting chocoate gluten free bar i have ever eaten .
also ,  it comes with no instructions ,  have to guess at orientation from the pictures .
i don t think i paid much more than that for the entire set .
this product is cheap and sucks and not even worth $
didn t they test this first ?  i have num_num of these and they are both the same .
when i bought my wireless logitech trackball that looks just like this ,  a few years ago ,  i paid $
the back of the case is really rough on the hands ,  not really comfortable to hold .
it does feel like my skin is getting a deep cleansing ,  it was just too harsh for my skin .
the cups do not provide good coverage and there is both side and front spillage .
i just didnt feel comfortable with the color of her stool .
i m only num_num but have two fairly significant age spots from overexposure to the sun .
could i have spent that $ for something better ?  yes .
however ,  honestly ,  i wouldn t bother purchasing these again .
after about num_num rounds ,  the small part of the flap that is part of the hinge cracked completely off .
if i wanted to manage a town i would go play sim city or something like that .
however if you ve never used stevia before and you buy this one ,  you may be disappointed .
i don t buy them anymore because they re more expensive than most other brands but not any better .
even if it the screw wasn t too long ,  the visibility itself is no better than a bead sight .
i still really wanted this case but i won t buy from them again .
mine wouldn t power on at all . simply this product sucks and will be returned immediately .
i donated it to a thrift store ,  but i was super tempted to just trash it instead .
what can i say about these measuring cups ?  well ,  for one thing ,  i think the design is overkill .
i definitely would not in any way recommend getting a regular vsmile system or a vsmile motion .
unless the manufacturer issues a failure analysis and corrective action report ,  i could not recommend this product .
i love skulls and things like that but this didnt even look like a skull .
they never chewed on them ,  perhaps they are just too hard for them .
it comes with attachments ,  but they do not work .
i grudgingly give num_num stars as it is apparently washable and reusable .
you should spend the extra money and get the lcd assembled to the glass .
several hours later the blue light came on telling me the battery was charged .
this was my first time making a purchase through this seller .
i have been using this product for only one month .
please be aware that i strongly believe this is not a geniune griffin product .
i m not looking forward for people seeing my hair like this .
i had purchased num_num of these ,  but i m returning all of them .
it was smaller than expected and didn t wash well .
but we only use this for rare house guests ,  so our few times of usage happened over several years .
this stuff is not  dough .   i don t even know what you d call it ,  but it s just like moon sand .
i have a num_num year old female who loves to play with everything and she hated this toy .
there s something about the material that makes it stain and there s nothing i ve found to clean it .
in the long run ,  it s better to save your money and buy more expensive ones .
the old unit had threaded clasps with plastic nuts that would tighten around the air vent .
so for as a lasting ,  working product it gets barely num_num stars .
the game is too short ,  and blowing holes in walls gets real boring after a while .
maybe this is due to the fine beard i have ,  but my old norelco never had that problem .
the first time i used ,  or tried to use ,  this radio in a real emergency was hurricane irene .
i ve tried num_num different chargers to no avail .
tasted bad ,  and due to the acid reflux ,  i got to retaste them multiple times .
this pot appears to be the same quality of the cuisinart and not as highly polished .
it makes me feel less like i m playing a game and more like an accountant .
i gave the shibari good reviews it turned out to be junk .
i read mixed reviews ,  so i rolled the dice and bought these .
not sure how long they will last ,  but remember that you get what you pay for .
maybe they shipped the wrong item  ?   ,  other than that ,  the skin would have been great .
i have purchased num_num adapters and both of them quit working after just a few weeks .
so glad i only bought two cans of this at my local grocery and not an entire case .
ordered this pan because it was described as being num_extend in height .
num_num times daily value with one cup of this stuff .  .  . i can t recommend this ,  sorry .
also ,  this product made my face even drier  really weird  .
if they were a lot cheaper i would ,  but at this price it s not worth it .
you need a pretty large head for these to fit snugly ,  and there s no way to adjust them .
i found this to not perform as advertised . the dog just fights it and refuses to train with this collar .
i am heartbroken !  if it was working it would happily have gotten four or five stars .
i used it for the first time and it didn t seem to really work for me .
my main beef with the product is that it will not even turn on now .
i have been around computers for over num_num years .
this case is bulky and fits awkwardly on my phone .
however ,  after going through four of them ,  i can tell you that i will not be buying any more .
the reviews are faked becuse this product is not any good .
so no i would not suggest buying it unless you find it here very cheap .
again ,  letting it set about num_num weeks ,  i went to unlock and same problem .
i don t believe this is the genuine ysl eclat product .
i returned it and ordered the shorter version from the same company .
i have had the zojirushi coffee maker for over num_num months now .
i really would have liked to see some sort or results though .
installed this item about num_num weeks after receipt .
what kind of crappy design is that ?  you d think that fisher price would have tested these out .
comes out very hot but the heat seems to last for less than num_num minutes . would not recommend this product .
they didn t make it powerful enough .  .  .  . probably afraid of people scalding themselves .
does not look right on people with thinner hair .
i bought two of these puppies and they are both defective .
i thought this would be like old school mario .
i was so hoping these would work but they will not pair to the nexus s .
hence ,  i could not keep the head flap closed .
large phones like the samsung galaxy note ii require something more substantial that sits on the dash ,  i think .
but the dogs don t know what s good for them ,  and they don t know when to stop .
this made for a toy that was very easy to accidentally make fall apart while playing .
i have tried other stevia sweetened drinks and couldn t drink them either .
disappointing ,  to say the least ,  and i am afraid i cannot recommend this product .
another problem ,  is that it didn t come with the armband .
the battery life also shortens significantly during the num_num year warranty with moderate use .
i bought these but i am not sure if they are vegetarian .
i was hopeful this wash was going to help keep my skin clear .
don t waste your money on this .  .  . stick with the original wand and you ll do just fine .
i don t think that this product caused more acne; i blame the heat and humidity .
they are very feathered which makes them look thin .
i purchased this bread machine to replace an older toastmaster machine and have been so disappointed in it .
basically ,  if you re older than num_extend this game will be too childish for your liking .
when i brushed it after using this product ,  my hair was full of static going in all different directions .
notice the other reviews of folks looking to replace their broken comb guides .
i was looking for an electric knife to make slicing my round loaves of bread easier .
my battery lasted about three months and then would not hold a charge .
after using this product for num_extend weeks i realized that is just isn t for me .
couldn t tell any sound difference between these and the original chinese speakers in my num_extend
even the usb port on this thing is dead !  ! what a waste of $
i bought this blender to make pie pastry ,  and i was thoroughly disappointed .
i think meguiar needs to spend more time at the company and less time out with his show .
these little guys are okay at best . they re not awful ,  but they weren t really what i was looking for .
i gave it num_num stars because i don t have any complaints about the quality or size .
they had some of the worst customer service i ve ever experienced .
i m not shocked that there were no wires ,  even though the picture shows wires .
my husband didn t think they tasted all that bad ,  but he has no taste .
this organic concoction is too sweet and i will not purchase it again .
i did not come close the the num_num foot range claimed by this product .
needless to say i have returned this item will not purchase another puppia leash .
when i emailed customer support about an rma number ,  they said to format the card which i did .
i ve had that shark for about num_num months .
this product s page stated that the product included num_num replacement squeakers ,  but it only contained num_extend
once diagnosed and stopped using this product ,  the burn subsided ,  skin peeled and eventually healed . that was last fall .
frankly ,  this was not an especially helpful dvd and it should have been included with the product itself .
i just purchased this from circuit city and it does not work .
also ,  others have mentioned that the horrifying smell can be washed away but that was not so for me .
seriously !  this made in china stuff is getting out of hand .
well ,  from what i know about baking soda and corn ,  they don t smell anything like this stuff .
after about num_num months it wouldn t even do that .
i m writing this review while waiting on hold for technical support .
if you are willing to put up with this aggravation you would probably be buying a good machine .
pharmanex strictly prohibits the selling of their products by this means .
etc . i ve tried num_num different usb drivers ,  and each fails in a different way .
if you have a bigger dog who likes to chew ,  i do not recommend this bone .
i played this game once ,  took about num_num hours ,  and now i m ready to give it away .
the lotion itself was fine; i have problem dry skin ,  and this moisturized without feeling greasy .
i m sure others may have had success ,  but this was a total loss for me .
this phone had problems from the start  as did the first one i bought  .
i think you re better off getting multivitamins from your local drug store .
after that the wow so clear turns to a nasty yellowish clear thing on your phone .
overall ,  i wasn t too happy with what they did to my skin .
i have been playing the sims ever since the num_extend sims game .
i have never had a problem with sneakers until these arrived .
i have never really tried any energy drink so i didn t know what to expect .
after a couple of months with this headset i have to give it a bad review .
it seems unlikely that only those who have  bad copies  are the ones doing tests .
i wasted my money on this product and will never buy from them again .
there is no way you could put makeup over this and have it look good .
this stuff is toxic  they don t mention that on the web page  over a two week period .
this product is nothing like what i used to buy .
i m going to try some local stores to see if they have any of the old ones in backstock .
also the ever popular  i have visual contact  . i am very disappointed with this game .
i replaced them with some single prong ngks vpower and the problem went away .
i have owned this unit a little over a year and man what a disappointment .
i don t understand how anyone could give this piece of junk a good review .
but that s the only good thing i have to say about them .
i was not happy with these cases  , i purchased num_num of them .
i will try it again with some other plants ,  but so far no luck with this product .
plus ,  there is no way to tell if it works anyway ! so ,  bottom line ,  i can t recommend this product .
i couldnt ask for anything like  stereo  or something like that .
these are definitely not the same quality as what you get when you buy the filter .
i purchased these belts for my bissell cyclone vacuum because i couldn t find anything in any local stores .
it was larger than i had expected ,  and did not look good when i tried it on .
i was not thrilled with this cover and returned it for a couple reasons .
this is probably my shortest review but there s not much to say about this product .
after having an htc incredible for almost num_num years ,  i had to get the latest htc phone .
this should be the last fatal frame installment ,  please go home fatal frame .
like literally ,  once you get down to two people ,  i cannot see any way this game ever ends .
i purchased this original pet fountain along with the drinkwell reservoir ,  num_num ounce .
i didn t see that this product did much for my arthritis pain .
i think they should also do better in the amazon product description and on the unilever website .
i thought maybe i had a defective one ,  so i bought another and it was the same thing .
not what you would expect from a fruit of the loom company .
i ve given up on this product and plan to go with logitech .
i would not recommend this to anyone at all .
reminds me of kids cough syrup and that is not a good memory .
this headset randomly disconnects from my galaxy note ii ,  and will not reconnect without rebooting the phone .
this case did not fit my iphone num_num phone .
i really wanted pants something like this in women s size ,  but all cotton .
the only good thing about this game is the cinematic camera mode during space combat .
it still hasn t arrived !  !  !  !  apparently ,  it takes over a week to ship num_num item .
this bread maker is terrible in that regard .
i am very diappointed ,  band is just as tight and i cant use this product at all .
no removable container means that you have to somehow move the ground coffee to your maker .
even if i liked the taste ,  i couldn t use it because of that last ingredient  natural flavor  .
the main reason it gets num_num stars is because it looks nothing like the picture .
the metal is very thin and the handles do not look like they will withstand any wear and tear .
i contacted the seller for a replacement so i got the replacement is about num_num days .
she said that this product doesn t really work .
for $ i honestly didn t think i should have to improvise at all for such a simple structure .
this is a review of this product : driver num_num  playstation video game  .
amazon should delete this seller from their catalog ,  as he gives amazon a bad reputation .
i m disappointed with this purchase since every other ors product i ve bought has been wonderful for my hair .
i was expecting something with an organization structure .
i must have played this game for a half hour before turning it off and posting it on ebay .
the box was really worn as if it had been opened several times .
i guess i was expecting too much after reading all the great reviews .
it s hard to describe why; it just feels bulky and awkward .
frankly the original was not good either but much better than this .
i tried these and my female cat couldn t stand them .
i didn t have any issues with the back .
i will never order from this company again .
going to give them a few more washes and if the smell doesn t go away i ll return them .
this armband has a really long strap making it too big for women .
also ,  the description extolled its flat top that could be purportedly used to store more stuff on top .
like others have already said ,  this timer feels heavy and substantial ,  it is not .
the only thing i see thats good about this is that it charges .
i just received my order today and these things do not fit my samsung galaxy num_extend
i did not get the product until january even though i ordered it november num_extend
this is like salted road kill !  i threw it all away ! this is another amazon product with fake reviews .
we contacted uncle milton again and they said they would send out new tadpoles .
this seems a bit flimsier than the old marble mouse i am used to ,  but time will tell .
we were hopeful that maybe we found another supplier when tj s is sold out which is often  .
they get holes and leak litter when i remove them .
this she does not like and thinks the toy is broken .  .  . there for will not play with it .
two months later and i still do not have a working unit .
we will keep trying it but will not likely buy this again .
i used to have plantronics but they would not work with the music on my iphone num_extend
was very unhappy with this item and didn t feel this product did what it advertised .
i can t believe i m the only one complaining about this noise issue .
the only thing she has ever done with it was bite the top piece once .
i would recommend this game as a weekend rental maybe but this title left me very disappointed .
i love thai food and this was a disappointment .
this battery died within less than num_num months .
with so many cats here i didn t have time to train on this item .
i purchased this food because i have num_num cats ,  and they were throwing up a lot .
i bought this after my vet told me that my dog ,  max ,  had to get another cleaning .
i have owned num_num pairs of scarecrow fangs previously ,  both purchased from  vampfangs . com  .
you turn it on ,  it starts spinning intermittently just like it s supposed to .
i would possibly buy this brand again ,  but not this type .
i do not recommend these thin springs at all especially for kittens in particular .
dont  buy these dates ! they are absolutely the worst dates ever .
i have a num_num quart pressure cook and you cannot put a whole chicken in it .
also ,  it only comes with devices for phones that do not fit my phone .
and i m not happy to have to say this ,  as i said i really wanted this to work .
i would not buy this product again or recommend it ,  unless they redesign the brush .
my cat played with this for a few days and then lost interest pretty quickly .
even if you liked halo num_num dont get this because this game is so stupid .
overall ,  i m not happy with this and would recommend not purchasing .
not that it matters ,  because half of them were broken when they arrived anyway .
maybe it s me but i cannot charge the phone with the cover on .
when i received this case ,  i was so disappointed .
it took several applications to get on the same amount i get with my clinique long pretty lashes .
i didn t read the reviews when i purchased our kong braidz giraffe dog toy .
i m so tired of dropping $ on vacs that last less than num_num years .
kaytee makes junk food for critters and this hay is no exception .
i bought this case sight unseen and was quite disappointed when it arrived .
i was excited to receive these ,  but within num_num months they were not working well .
what i disliked most about this tank ,  is that it s not that soft .
over num_num months had gone by and enough was enough .
after reading other reviews of people who experienced the same thing ,  i would not buy a cuisinart maker again .
we even tried it using the trick the other reviewers had with holding down the play button .
unfortunately i can t order it any more due to amazon switching from fedex shipping to fedex  smartpost  .
most times only charge to about % and doesn t hold a charge for long either .
it looks like this could be played on a playstation or nintendo num_extend but wait ,  there is more .
after reading the all the glowing reviews for this adapter ,  i thought i couldn t go wrong .
the product was sent on time but quality of the item was cheap .
this product is terrible !  it says let the chalk dry for num_num minutes then you can use it .
this slow down is even more apparent in superstar mode .
when i got these ,  to my surprise ,  the treats looked like something to feed a mouse .
less than one star for this piece of .
it does not stick on to the guitar very well .
we only got the car to launch off the tail once !  not worth what i paid .
for one thing ,  it was much smaller than i thought it would be .
this was the case with more than half the alphabet .
it wasn t obvious and took me a little while to figure out as the problem was intermittent .
it also does not recycle the water very well .
i can t imagine what this would be like if my adult cats were using it .
i have older ,  worn out cables that work better than these .
as i said ,  not worth what i paid but at least i got it on there .
i purchased this pillow bed and within num_num months it had holes starting to wear thru the microban side .
whoever thought this up never owned a dog .
the color i got with this product was awful .
they look like men s flip flops ,  very clunky looking .
cant wait to see how that goes ?  ?  as it stands now ,  i would not buy from this place again .
i even tried breaking them into smaller pieces to make them easier to eat but they hated them .
i ll go back to the zyliss i previously used that lasted over num_num years .
ok ,  i was on board with these last year ,  and told everyone i know about these .
then about two weeks after the measly num_num day warranty went out the screen went with it .
i have not had any problems with this brand .
i was completely shocked when i received this piece of garbage through the mail .
this is my third shark  all different models  and it will be my last .
foot bed is not very comfortable ,  might as well be walking on a wood sole .
needless to say i ve given up on this casio model ,  at least from amazon .
i thought this would be a quality router ,  given the netgear name ,  but i was wrong .
i wanted so badly to like this one but it s just terrible .
i really don t like being so negative in a review ,  especially when it is about tea .
i just know what i like and this isn t it .
the lack of service and inability to offer a replacement requires me not to recommend this product or sennheiser .
so i decided to purchase this small ,  plastic one as a first step .
i love pad thai from thai restaurants ,  but this was nowhere close to a real pad thai flavor .
not worth buying ,  if you have to buy a car charger just buy the powergen dual usb .
they are extremely too small and i feel like i wasted my money by ordering them .
more the texture of honeycomb brand cereal . nutritionally this product is mediocre .
although it was the variable speed model ,  the lowest speed was far too agressive .
so if you have a somewhat larger head i would not suggest these headphones .
i have had a few different jabra bluetooth models and this one just didn t make the cut .
i have been tanning for num_num yrs and have been previously a co owner of a salon .
broke quite easily and i don t recommend this product .
i would not recommend this at all !  !  !  very poor quality product !  !  !  .
i thought this tray would be a good idea to protect my floor but i was wrong .
i bought this when my daughter was num_num months ,  she had no interest in this ball .
the item is thin ,  and covers maybe an inch of your neck .  .  .  . if you can get it around your neck .
then because it was all used up ,  they cried because there wasn t any more .
i have tried it on a galaxy num_extend motorola droid razr maxx hd ,  and an iphone num_extend
this is much rougher than the other alum that i had previously used .
that is because the finish will deteriorate and allow food to stick .
this seemed to be the coffee maker to have so i bought a $ coffeemaker .
this purchase was one of the first times that amazon reviews let me down .
worked fine for about num_num months and then the inner surface failed .
this ups unit just doesn t work like it s supposed to . new data :  i have now found ,  feb .
these are very cheaply made and the sound quality is horrific .
it s pretty obvious that they had no idea what they were doing .
i guess the folks who designed this size have never owned cats who used a litter box .
like many other reviewers ,  i agree that this toy is basically a piece of junk .
this battery did not come close to fitting my htc evo and it was returned asap .
but the thing up and died all together after about a year and a half .
if you do not beak them down completely before cleaning them they simply just do not come out clean .
obviously i am rather biased about this game since i like asheron s call better .
the second pair lasted about num_num months ,  and the audio was much less than the first .
as a veteran of the old wolfenstein first num_extend first person shooter ,  i have been gaming for a while .
this item does not do what it states !  my wife used it three times ,  but all with negative results .
it only keeps his interest for a few minutes and it is so loud ,  even on the lowest setting .
if it weren t for the canned ,  unskippable dialogs ,  i would have given this game num_num stars .
this is outer space !  you should have been able to mount fleets of num_extend
definitely would not recommend for people in this size range !  .
the first time i used it ,  my back stung for hours afterwards .
there was only one screen protector  not the three num_extend
the one made by innotek works ,  mine lasted num_num years and unfortunately was replaced with this garbage .
it appears that there is not good contact in the handheld remote .
that being said this bike mount holder is not very will made .
it will take about num_num minutes to thoroughly melt the broken crayon num_extend
i was looking for a cheaper product than spanx with a spanx quality but this won t be it .
other than that ,  the game offers repetitive battles and little more .
i only used it num_num times and it burned my skin horribly .
unfortunately ,  this made it worse !   :   i started breaking out even more and stopped taking them .
i thought it was my sensitive nose at first ,  but after several uses realized it was the conditioner .
the toaster produced uneven toasting ,  but i put up with it for num_num years .
the guard was so complex to attach and detach that it took num_num minutes each time to do num_extend
he only used each bodysuit once or twice at most .
the build quality and design is horrible compared to the solid feeling ipod .
i used this blow dryer about ten times and all ten times it made my hair tangle .
they never stay in place and i am constantly readjusting them .
like all the other low star review ,  avoid this garbage company and product .
the only good thing about this game is that the hidden characters are instantly unlocked .
i felt like i was stumbling over myself because i had to think about the controls .
the first time ,  i used it i got really turned off .
my uhc tactical num_num spring airsoft rifle  better version of the super num_extend came with a num_extend scope .
also ,  i did notice that my hair became brittle after using this product .
one of the eye lits came loose after putting them on the first time .
i couldn t even write legibly with this pen after several hours practice .
first ,  as other reviewers have found ,  my experience with the dinovo is that it crashes constantly .
i can t believe i even bought this ,  cheap flimsy piece of metal with an expensive price tag .
i cannot recommend this product based on my experience .
i tried this several times and i ve never worn out chains faster .
i expected the hamilton beach electric knife to be as good as my old kenmore knife .
i went to the tomlyn website  the company that makes nutracal  and i was shocked .
my samsung galaxy tab num_num doesnt charge well on the na .
so ,  unless you plan to use this for only num_num months ,  don t buy it .
it feels like something that would be included in a child s toy tool set .
i made the mistake of not using it for a couple of months and the stuff liquefied .
for what i paid this should have lasted much longer .
as some other reviewers have mentioned ,  it does taste like cocoa powder ,  not raw cacao .
i have no other issue with this product ,  but i d say this issue alone is a pretty big one .
don t waste your precious photographic moments with this canon lens .
i purchased num_num of these $ remotes at christmas tree shops for $
how is this good for acne prone or sensitive skin ?  do not waste your money on this one .
i ve had this bag for over num_num years .
i also was not comfortable with the fact that these have absolutely no traction in ice or snow .
it may very well be designed for durability ,  but these headphones are not portable in any num_extend
another commenter here said that they bought this from fox racing and the expiration date was num_extend
the bad part is that gold is very difficult to come across in this game .
i really thought they would like it but that just didn t happen .
hence it got num_num starswe prefer to poach eggs and that is the big disappointment with this unit .
considering its price ,  i would have expected it to last several years ,  not several months .
the biggest problem i find with them is that they are way too flimsy .
so we are stuck with a phone that is useless . we won t be ordering from here again .
but this particular brand has been less effective than any other i ve tried .
this is without a doubt the worst bottle i ve had the displeasure of smelling .
like others ,  i purchased the applicator thinking that i might get more even coverage than just using the container .
so maybe that protects the battery from overvoltage damage ,  but i don t know enough to be sure .
when i read the description of this product ,  i assumed it was num_extend as pictured .
you need to spend more money to get the connector for your phone . forget this item .
so what version is this exactly ?  ?  ?  i have no idea .
this item was very flimsy didn t hold up well at all not enough support .
overall ,  i am neutral toward this cleanser and would not buy it again .
this soap will lighten your skin and leaves your skin feeling extremely dry .
i have to stop ,  again ,  for another stupid technical problem . this is on top of num_num other problems .
this case arrived flat ,  not what i wanted .
i have asthma and allergies ,  but none to the ingredients in this product .
this is one of the worse games i have ever had the displeasure of buying and wasting money on .
i would not recommend this product to anyone that doesn t have black bedding !  .
the plug on this device is very short and likely won t work when the phone is in the case .
i will probably never have a need for these specialty screw drivers again .
this just isn t the right exfoiliant for my face .
i am giving this phone two stars because it allows the users to set up six alarms .
seeing as her hair type seemed ideal for this product ,  i m not sure who it would work for .
i found no help in the paper instructions that came with it .
if you read other reviewers ,  you will know that it s not only my baby that is terrified with it .
this must be the worst product i ve ever purchased that sports the oxo label .
these broke within the first num_num minutes of the kids opening them up .
i can t give it more than num_num stars .
anyhow ,  she like it at first ,  but its not something that she can cuddle with .
the fabric is light weight and feels cheap despite the price tag .
num_num star only because you can t opt to choose no stars . i bought this thing about a year ago .
now i wish i could turn the clock back .
i give them to the birds which i don t even know if they like them .
the fact of the matter is :  there are too many blocks in this memory card to provide stability .
it appears that i am the only one that just can t see how this will work .
i was fairly excited to hear about this product .
based on the pic ,  i expected a toy that was a little more compact like a real smart phone .
what these manufacturers also do not want you to know is where their ingredients come from .
this is not the case and i will not be purchasing from these deceptive people again .
hopefully next year thatgame will be back ,  as this is no substitute for the real thing .
i have not had any trouble with sticking .
however ,  this unit was quite loud and i will be returning it as it might be defective .
i just received the otterbox defender for the num_extend and it s going back .
this product has great reviews but it did not work for me .
very floppy .  . does not fit in the ear canal so it just flops around .
i was hoping this product would reduce the aggression ,  but my hopes were sadly dashed .
i much prefer the plastic scrapers ,  and then a brush of some sort . this just didn t  cut it  with me .
this product smells like something out of a biologist s lab .
although the wired features work well ,  i have been unable to maintain a wireless connection  at num_num feet  .
normally ,  we don t have ants ,  but this year they are a real problem .
as a collector ,  these knives are worthless since they are no longer made in the u . s . a .
the sound is okay ,  but i don t recommend this item for one simple reason :  no power cord .
now after much flexing and normal stretching during use ,  the insulation has totally come off .
the jfe is also very large and not that easy to clean .
if they would just make the covers a few inches bigger it would solve the problem .
i was hoping this would be my new favorite case ,  but that just isn t the ,  uhh ,  case .
fyi i have been using this for about num_num weeks .
i do not think i will be purchasing nips for a while .
purchased this item to replace another window cat seat and the product is cheap .
ok i ve only been in the  cool phones  business for about num_num years .
they are not really long enough to go around your ankles with jeans on .
used this for several days and it clearly doesn t work .
is there something about the architectual sets that we don t know about ?  .
i ve been using this mixer for about num_num months .
this isnt worth the shipping i paid on it .
if you want this phone because of the supposed imap client ,  you might be disappointed .
so those were put away . i should have bought one of the plastic versions of this .
the metal is thin and not the cast iron that is used in the real back to basic .
if you are tight on cash these will do ,  but will not be my first choice .
i am sure these dies will be good for num_num sw but they are not what i ordered .
this is the dullest knife set i have ever own .
i have been intermittently using this because it irritates my eyes .
this product also dried out my skin . the only thing i did like about it was the amazing smell !  .
the pins were easier to remove and the fix went much more quickly . i wouldn t ,  again ,  buy this tool .
extremely disappointed and will not be buying from this seller ever again .
i have experienced tons of flare in my night shot photos ,  and this is just too much for me .
color was not really a match for the picture provided .
these have all been brushed off as moderate concerns though . first : triethanolamine is a surficant .
i have had num_num pairs for about num_num years or more .
i cleaned it just like it said and it still wouldn t work .
i was unable to get any of these to stick for more than num_num hour max .
i have never received an article of clothing that smells this horrible .
cans with different dates and codes .  . then last night ,  num_num of my cats got sick from it .
awful this is not like any otterbox iv ever owned .
i have taken this red dot out on only num_num times to the range .
i wouldn t recommend this phone case to anyone .
this is the worst thing i have bought in a while .
really bummed to because i was looking forward to buying this over and over again from this vendor .
this blender is so loud that you should probably leave the room when it is on .
if i d known then what i know now ,  i would have passed on this item .
you cant even manipulate the body size ?  he is tall or short ,  fat or skinny ,  thats it .
functionally ,  i could tell no difference between using this keyboard and a wired one .
i don t even use them really since they re not the great .
i tried to make them stick while they were dry ,  wet and just damp with no luck .
the only good thing about the cuisinart is that it comes apart to clean .
my first nancy drew mystery game; based on reviews i was very disappointed .
this item is not like any cookie i ve ever met .
so having read other reviews ,  i probably should have known better than to take my chances with s . t . a . l . k . e . r . anyway .
instead it looked like just a basic litter pan .
i have purchased many items for my dog which look less than appealing ,  or smell not very pleasing .
these are not the best quality mice i have seen or bought for my cats .
num_num months later it did it again ,  cleaned it again but it would only work when it wanted to .
i purchased this product to replace a faulting adc num_num equalizer .
i ordered this for my num_num month and num_num year old daughters .
however this product does not fit our droid num_num phones .
first ,  let me say ,  i bought these boots @ boscov s because they were on sale ,  and cheaper .
was excited to buy this product ,  but you get what you pay for .
so once again dirt is falling onto the seat below through these openings .
also ,  the base is not weighted so it doesn t stay put if you have thick wires .
i am so very disappointed in this product .
nice idea with potential but poor design i think .
i bought this air pump that is labeled for use with up to num_num gallon tanks .
i have used this product before except i bought it at my hair salon .
i recently purchased this crate for my num_num pound dog ,  for home and for travel purposes .
perhaps if they d been bendable ,  they d have been okay .
you will wear your fingers out with this crap .
they dont even stay in your ear they keep falling out .
i bought this for xbox thinking it was the same as the gamecube and num_extend versions .
she pressed the buttons for about num_num minutes ,  and then she was bored with it .
it is much much darker and a very sick color to me .  .  . just in case this helps someone .
this color looks nothing like the shared reviewers photos .
we have tried this product several times and found  it does not dissolve  as advertised .
the goo was really the main reason they wanted to try this product ,  but it didn t exist .
there are far too many commands to map onto the keyboard for this game .
i ve bought other cheap ropes in the past and they have broken quickly as well .
i don t know what people are talking about when they say the chocolate flavor is awesome .
purchased this item march num_extend totally broken down and out of warranty july num_extend
based upon the reviews here i hoped the sound would have been at least consistently good .
i took this product until it ran out and not once did i notice a positive increase in energy .
these low liftimes are really unaceptable and we should protest by not buying them .
i m a little embarrassed i bought this ,  but i was concerned about my moving with my very neurotic dog .
however ,  no way this was made to fit iphone num_extend
i used this in conjunction with phosgaurd phosphate control but still no algae reduction .
i increased my dosage to six pills a day with no improvements noticed as other people commented .
was also difficult to hang from our tent ceiling .
i was not impressed with the flavor of this product .
there isn t much to say about this game other than simply  wow  .
the wire latching mechanism eventually came apart ,  and it wouldn t close properly after that .
i have a num_num inch from another company that is much better .
after num_num days all sides and top buttons became apart and not able to put them back together .
i don t recommend this product for other droid num_num users .
everything ,  even the brushes are made of this cheap plastic material .
this means a product failure in less than a month .
this had to be one of my worst purchases ever on amazon !  !  !  !  .
the first is that the  charged  light does not go on when fully charged .
it doesn t look like it would be water proof either .
had high expectations for this cable but perhaps a  dsl phone cable  just exists for $
i ordered a size num_num in these and a pack of fruit of the loom .
the band adjuster broke the first time i used it .
trying to clean the dust built up was a real hassle  design does not allow for easy cleaning  .
furthermore ,  my self tanner was streakier than ever after using this product .
this is deep and has tall sides ,  but is not really working out for num_extend
the video quality was poor with dull colors and vertical lines pulsing from top to bottom .
i believe this is a counterfeit otterbox case .
either way ,  even though it s been almost six years since i bought this game ,  i m still disappointed with it .
it s a worst piece of calphalon commercial line i have owned .
i taped that paste on my foot overnight for about num_num days .
ended up altering the edge trying to tighten too much ?  will try something else .
for years i have used a conair or wigo paddle brush with nylon bristles and a plastic handle .
great for a while ,  but when the belt hook broke off ,  not really a good value .
other brands didn t have the same effect ,  but when i tried this one ,  it did .
generally i like cuisinart products but this one would be better off rethought .
my guy chewed the end off this bone in about num_num minutes .
they leaked from time to time while my son was drinking from them .
spend money on those ,  this i absolutely do not recommend .
these were fairly easy to put on ,  but i was hesitant that they would slip off and they did .
the flame was not big enough and did not last long enough to light up a news paper .
another thing wrong with these pants is that the draw string dose not stay tight .
it was time to retire the revereware kettle after these num_num years .
picture quality is not better than other cameras within same price num_extend
just remind yourself not to pull the tape too tight ,  and you won t need this thing .
that s what i was doing prior to purchasing this thermometer .
i ve also never dropped my phone . not buying this one again .
it is nothing like the cord that came with my phone .
don t waste your money ,  just spend a little more and buy another straightener worth your money .
so the only good thing about this game is the creativity .
doesn t seem as sharp as the messermeister peeler ,  but sharp enough to peel carrots ,  potatoes ,  apples ,  etc .
our it vendor ordered this for me num_num years ago  yes ,  the camera has been out that long .
i purchased this as a christmas gift so it was in no shape to give to someone .
i bought this for my husband after his rotary electric razor failed after many years .
this charger does not work with the ipad ,  as listed .
it s strange because i didn t experience this problem on a tiffen uv filter i bought num_num years ago .
now after using the item several times ,  it has multiple cuts and chunks missing on the blade .
people with small head may not like this .
this means they are not fully round ,  and fly wild when shot .
this is an overpriced toy that is a disappointment if you are looking for something musical .
i have combination skin and usually have no problem with peels or enzyme masks of any kind .
i thought this could be something that they would play with on their own ,  but they don t .
but other than that ,  why would you want to play it ? online mode also stinks .
if you have oily eyelids like i do ,  they will not last very long .
after minimal use over the course of num_num months ,  the cable produced a short near the plug .
hasnt broke yet and seems to work ,  but feels very cheap .
didn t even bother calling the company since the warranty was only num_num days .
this crate is just not what i had hoped it would be .
well after taking this daily for almost num_num years ,  i regret it .
this is the worst wireless router i have ever seen .
ok ,  i m going to reboot the computer just once more before i take this thing back .
only used several times with no real noticed in change .
needless to say ,  i do not recommend this product .
anyway ,  for little active girls ,  it must be much better made than these were .
i charged them first ,  because i didn t trust that they come charged out of the box .
i sent this one back right away ,  hated too ,  but did .
ever since they changed the tip material ,  i have been really disappointed with how these pens perform .
the quality on these was a little disappointing as well .
we ll deal with this for now but will sadly avoid midwest in the future .
if it were not for the malfunctioning drawer it would get a num_num star rating .
panasonic can t tell me that the problem is with my phone .
they have not been dropped or damaged in any way .
this would certainly not be an item i would want to purchase again .
as it is ,  this is a snack that i would not recommend .
this thing is horrible ,  i shaved with it and it irritates my skin and doesn t give a close shave .
i can t really tell if this made a difference in my vaginal health .
first of all ,  i must admit that i was a bit mistaken as to the product .
i can not say much more about this stuff that has not already been said .
do not give these to your dog !  !  !  num_num stars .
i m not sure i have strange shapes toes or what ,  but it seemed to take forever to put on .
you d think manufacturers could get it right by now; not for this product .
i would not recommend the product nor would i buy from the seller again .
the other laser sights i tried have a spring on the opposit side so you only need num_num screws .
unfortunately ,  i have purchased num_num replacement carafes since then ,  num_num each year .
i ve used this skillet twice and i have to say i m somewhat disappointed .
if you are buying this for long time storage forget it .
i don t think that this is worthy the money .
save yourself the trouble and don t be cheap and buy this directly from the manufacturer .
bought this because it was cheap ,  you do get what you pay for .
i bought two bottles that i have used over the past num_num months .
so ,  if you need something that would last for a long time stay away from this product .
not only did i get plastic hooks   that i can bend with my fingertips  .
the buttons on this thing do not make sense .
edit :  i should add that in addition to being cracked ,  the oven thermometer also stopped working soon after that .
i went to check the seam and with very little effort it just rip apart .
i really wanted to like this nail polish .
i bought this item num_num months ago trying to solve my mouse problem .
i mention this because the company does say the powerskin is meant to also protect the device .
i ve read forums where many have had problems with starforce and had more problens when trying to remove starforce .
but this shape sorter is rough and not well made .
i don t know how many people can just throw out num_num some dollars for a toy .
the pieces also just don t fit together securely enough ,  if they snap together at all .
once you find them in some retail stores ,  they cost num_num times more than their cf counterparts .
i looked at different stackable cooling racks and didn t find a whole lot of options .
while this does seem to ad a little support to my knee s chondromalacia condition ,  it s not that wonderful .
if it s designed to keep your feet warm ,  then it fails because it only keeps half of it warm .
i have two problems with brita . first filtered water makes pitcher really dirty in few weeks .
have only played like once or twice and don t even know where it is now .
at first they taste good ,  butafter a few seconds of sucking ,  they leave this bitter aftertaste in your mouth .
but this wok is not great ,  and especially not considering the price .
this unit rates as one of the worst purchases i ve ever made .
the size is wrong ,  much too large and the colors are more like a cartoon .
i m surprised amazon is selling this low quality item .
i have curry pastes from this company that are outstanding .  .  . but this particular product just isn t good at all .
they were too short ! i saw these on amazon and ordered these in a size num_extend
depending which of those is your priority ,  this product may or may not suit your needs .
you can t select  continue update  even though when you first start the update it hangs and does nothing .
i would order again possibly but not until i shopped around more .
i guess for this price ,  they have to pick some cheapo screen ,  so no surprise there .
i plan on throwing this out my car window at a very high speed .
quite frankly this is the last game i will ever purchase from them .
i was surprised that this was not only nothing special ,  but not even very good .
like other reviewers ,  i have this product and it began flaking fairly soon .
if it were not for the bubbles i would have rated this item a num_extend
i expected a better boot ,  but when they got here i was more than disappointed .
the packaging for this product says that it is mac compatible ,  with no drivers needed .
it lasted me num_extend years . when i died i bought another .
this means more surface area on the newer blades and that means less cutting .
if your puppy seems to be interested in hard chew toys ,  purchase this item .
i cannot recommend this case for a verizon iphone .
if it were about num_num times larger it would be great ,  but its not and it sucks .
$ other one we bought for the num_extend is still working . i would avoid these if i were you .
my num_num dollar shwinn appears to have better quality control than this helmet .
she said the oil does it ,  and she said it takes about num_num months to wear off .
i am shopping for a new toaster within num_num months of buying this one .
these are junk !  i used this type of water fountain num_num years ago .
how much did that  hassle  cost them ?  ?  ?  who knows .
it is really distracting ,  and it s not what i expect from a $ set of headphones .
they might look good on paper and for price ,  but these are not usable .
i ve been using for over num_num weeks and nothing .
this product costs way too much for what it does .
i took this for several months ,  and i didn t notice any improvement .
i bought a used droid x a couple months before my contract was up .
save your num_num bucks ,  its better spent on a sandwich than this battery .
even meijer has dried chickpeas for less than half the price of bob s .
i assumed i would have problems with it and i was right .
i used this to mount folding plastic chairs on my fifth wheel ladder .
i would not recommend this for toddlers under num_extend
i have order ed other ones around this price that were much better .
i would never get anything from them again .
well .  .  . dealing with their customer service was like hell .
i don t think they aren t worth a try for some dogs but they did not work for us .
after reading all the great reviews i figured the item could not be that bad .
i love cashews ,  but this product sucked !  it had too much pepper .
annoying if you re using this for anything other than num_extend the price .
this is not a good deal and this jacket is cheaply made .
from what others have said about it ,  the lever seems to be fragile .
this is the worst router that i have ever had .
the only thing i liked was the flip but that wasnt enough for me to want to keep it .
however ,  when the peppers arrived at the house ,  the ingredients included sugar .
if your are still thinking about buying this game ,  rent it first .
this is my first really dissatisfied purchase from amazon ,  luckily it was a small dollar amount .
the cutouts are smaller so the case doesn t fit well in an otterbox or aftermarket belt clip .
i would not recommend this to anyone ,  it is a waste of time and effort .
first person shooters should have never happened with a resident evil game .
he didn t even get into the little nub that reviews indicated was a hit among other people s cats .
i have no confidence in a company that takes num_num years  products in the recall mfg .
this little light worked for about num_num minutes and then wouldn t work again .
i chose this seller because they ,  supposedly ,  had the cables in black .
doesn t even have the surge protector on it that makes usb cables hot swappable .
the studs fell off in strips like they were held on by elmers glue .
it didn t make my skin worse ,  but nevertheless i am very disappointed in this product .
third ,  the gm mode is the worst  gm  type mode that i have ever seen .
i bought two of these for my kids and they are awful .
the poopy dog game was better designed than this .
i used this a handful of times with my samsung num_extend
shame it is going to cost me almost num_num bucks to return it .
it also is not filled with all the nice little botanicals that i like .
for this product does not work . i had to buy a new player .
very cheap ,  poor quality !  i have replaced many screens and this was the worst quality replacement screen to date .
after two months it wouldn t play dvds longer than maybe num_num minutes .
we were having trouble finding a product that cleaned our tub well ,  so we tried this out .
it was less expensive but looked very similar so i thought i would give it a try .
they need to come up with more pliable softer material .
i would say don t waste your money on this kitchen garbage that only gives superficial affects .
you can t draw with them ,  again because they smoosh flat and drag on the screen .
i haven t been able to have any communication with them .
i had used the calcium type blocks but i wanted something with more nutrition .
for some reason this product did not taste like the cinnamon taste i am accustomed to .
i ended up giving it away ,  since the things i put on it fell after a couple of times .
i thought that these would be a good alternative ,  but they just don t bounce .
i have no idea if they will work on anything else but server num_num num_extend doesn t recognize them .
i have thick ,  oily hair and was incredibly excited to try this product ,  but underwhelmed with the results .
until then i really wouldn t recommend this machine to anyone .
the other reviews that mentioned the faulty light are correct .
i have had cats in my homes for over num_num years and have tried countless brands of litter .
i normally wouldn t return something that cost so little but these are so bad ,  they had to go back .
and there s pretty much only num_num way to do each mission .
well let me start by saying  my wife does not do well with technology .
i ve see some many other bikers using these kind of mirrors that i figured i d get use to it .
avoid this filter like the plague ,  unless you like having ghosts ,  flares ,  and glares in your shots .
there are so many things that are frustrating with this game that i don t even know where to start .
the sounds are poor ,  the voice acting are poor . i d not recommend this game to others .
i really wanted to like this game ,  but ended up returning it after a few days of gameplay .
i like the idea of this product .  .  .  . but these are by far the worst tasting bars i ve tried .
this product came with the expiration date mostly rubbed off .
i would prefer to go back to my flip phone than ever use this phone again .
i been taking this for about two weeks now and i feel worse .
i just feel like i got played for my money with this purchase .
the motor is not very strong ,  so processing takes a long time .
i do not have sensitive skin and haven t had a reaction to any products used in many years .
but the program is full of bugs and should never have been released in this condition .
this phone will not last a day ,  unless you don t use it at all .
after reading the reviews i thought i could tolerate the smell but it really bothered me .
the other reviews are correct ,  this thing is worthless out of the box .
and even that wouldn t be so bad if the sheath itself was well designed for removing the knife .
when i used them yesterday on my adult doxie ,  they did not cut fast and clean .
i have been using it faithfully through much trial and error but it just doesn t hold well for me .
i am really not sure what they purpose they think they are serving with this product .
farewell cold steel ,  through bad mfg and poor costumer service you have lost a customer for good .
i m just extremely disappointed and would not could not recommend this in the least .
let s just say i do not make enough money to pay people to eat them .
normally ,  i have no qualms about ordering from amazon .
i don t think this case protects my iphone num_extend at all .
they were able to look up and see the order ,  but not cancel it .
my num_extend old puppy had this torn apart in less then num_num days .
amazon has put a hold on the product while they check their inventory .
it s so hard to push with this case on .
i would think you could get a better shaver for the money at this point in time .
it s hard to review a game like this because there s so much going on .
it charges my samsung galaxy num_extend sometimes but does not charge my htc evo at all .
i bought this product because my splenda in num_extend oz packages became unavailable .
bought these for an num_num year old female doberman ,  weight num_num lbs .
not so pleased with this ,  the seller is fine ,  no prob .
i don t know how this gets so many great reviews .
very disappointing !  these went from a lovely treat to a reward for my dog .
my hair was very oily and frizzy at the same time .
first i thought it was the gasket ,  but quickly realized that it was leaking through the shaft .
did not like this product ,  made my hair sticky and not full at all .
i thought it just made my coffee taste like paper .
the first num_num are really just half the length of the latter num_extend
i have been using this product for a couple of weeks and have had no problems .
doesn t look like it would stand up to outside use . misc .
the barn doors didn t make noises when they were opened .
this was recommended to us by cornell ,  but our dog really isn t very interested in it .
but i do need it to last more than num_num weeks . i m moving on to aseidio innocase .
i ordered this item but received the one piece num_extend instead .
what a waste of money !  would not recommend this item at all !  !  .
have never used it , wasn t willing to  wire up  my bike to use it .
so i am not too sure how can i rate this product .
i didn t care for this as much as i thought i would by the looks of it .
my cats have not played with this since i put it on the floor .
i have to admit that i was really looking forward to receiving this contraption .
the indentions were not deep enough resulting in an almost flat waffle that was not at all crisp .
first off ,  let me say i have put dozens of screen protectors on my phone and num_extend players .
and no matter what i ve tried ,  they didn t have any effect on the ingrained dirt on my laptop screen .
second pair that has broken in less than a year ,  we will not buy these again .
first of all ,  everything you have read about the stock foam earpieces is true; they are worthless .
we bought this after buying a num_extend ball from paragon sports ,  and finding it too small .
this is a tiny mortar with less than num_num oz .
after it failed at charging either of these items ,  i didn t feel comfortable trying it on my phone .
if you re seeking out this particular one ,  you re wasting your time .
enemies  ?  which ones are the enemies  ?  it keeps cycling from helping good to bad .
rings that come with it are also garbage .
num_extend was my first re and going back to this is just awful .
i just didn t want to risk having my phone fall on the floor ,  or have the power socket damaged .
it would have worked ,  but the adhesive prevented my finger from sliding across the screen .
i put it in our camping trailer and it was used only infrequently ,  probably only about num_num times .
they are crazy because they keep selling these poorly made containers but we are crazy to keep buying them .
out of a few hundred burned dvd s i don t think i totaled more than num_num or num_num that failed .
this was the first wii game i got ,  and its mostly because i couldn t get a hold of zelda .
i would not reccommend this product to anyone .
this will be my last api filstar filter .
overall ,  the game relays heavily on luck ,  which becomes frustrating especially when playing against the computer .
this product does not give an accurate reading .
i did have issues with the bag falling apart and the ginger goes everywhere .
i was unimpressed with this product and disappointed after the reviews .
i tried many different microwave settings and followed the advice of several amazon reviewers .
i ll be honest; my problem with this product could be my fault .
avoid this product and if you have already bought it and don t like it ,  make sure you return it .
i tried to slowly introduce them to it but they never stopped scratching at it .
if you re like me you expected much more from this one .
the plastic is cheap and not very sturdy .
be forewarned :  this syrup will not satisfy your chocolate craving .
the worst purchase i have made with amazon and i have made many .
would not buy again ,  but not worth the trouble to return .
no one has called attention to the totally overpowering smell of this product .
this was not the case with certain usb wireless cards and the linksys pci wireless network card .
the only thing in this that should be there is sugar .
this product is a joke and i would never recommend it to anyone .
i thought it would give off more air .
i have been using fairly regularly for two months and do not notice any improvement at all .
i just want to make people aware that my num_num year old was hurt playing with this product .
i have adjusted this harness to fit my boston terrier but it still fits so awkwardly .
i never received this and the company did not work with me at all .
after a few months of use i barely got it to last longer than num_num hours . do yourself a favor .
it s definitely not worth more than about $
i cannot recommend it to anyone at this point .
this game ,  wont come out and there will be no future releases of smackdown .
this thing is not going to keep your phone protected as well as a griffin .
i have been taking this product for a long time without complaint .
i would not ever buy this brand again ,  nor recommend it !  .
i bought three different tpu cases for the lg num_extend
i cancelled the subscription to this game after about a month .
i ordered this shoe twice from amazon and sent it back :  twice .
i ve been using this for two weeks and there is absolutely no change .
i guess since it s cheap ,  i couldn t get too mad ,  but i wouldn t recommend this to anyone .
i ve tried num_num different flavors of the switch brand beverages .
i never had this problem with any previous keyboards . edit :  it did not get better ,  so i am returning it .
i have to agree . i can t imagine a worse version of this product .
my puppy who is a catahoula leopard was about num_num weeks when i bought this .
i wish i would of known that before i bought this one on amazon .
after about num_num minutes of churning ,  the ice cream started to firm up .
i took a mule deer at num_num yards with a quartering toward shot .
you will not be happy with this thing . ok .
i read others reviews about the blushes arriving broken .
this pillow is no more comfortable to sit on than a num_num dollar pillow from walmart .
like my title says ,  i bought this hoping to save $ over the seido extended battery .
maybe legal but does not seem right . tell that to my fairly young cats .
i have used my blender about num_num times to make smoothies .
i have two dogs ,  my older one who is num_extend would not eat this .
i purchased this because of how compact it was however i barely got a num_num foot range with it .
and neither satellite ,  nor cable buttons can be used to control anything other than that .
and i think i need more exfoliation or i wish they had exfoliation beads in this product .
i love other nioxin products ,  but this one is useless .
i plan to buy other tapes other than mueller as well ,  in protest of such a bad product .
i ve bought num_num of these and had issues with both .
i purchased this toy for christmas also but was very disappointed .
i was looking for something more  beefy  ,  but this seemed a little delicate for my use .
these shoes will not last the rest of the year ,  let alone a few months .
i have this on the bottom of my num_num gallon tank for my leo .
i ve had the knife for three months and there have been some problems .
really wanted to like these but looks like i ll need to look else where .
for the price i expected much better quality ,  at least something that won t fall apart and get my eyes .
what is this stuff ?  i never would have guessed what it was supposed to be without the label .
i wish i had listened to the other reviewers before i bought it .  .  . definitely not worth the money .
plan on spending an hour or two on the phone with them becaause that s what s going to happen .
i was more satisfied with a cheap sephora eye make up remover than this one .
i absolutely despise the fact that combos have been added to the mortal kombat series .
excellent noise reduction . tight fit ,  get loose with time  or on a book overnight less than mediocre sound quality .
i thought this would work for back hair  it s cheap  it does t work and it doesn t fold easy .
after a month this eyeliner dried out and the tip went flat .
however ,  i rate this num_num star instead of none because the fm works flawlessly .
even after reading a few negative reviews ,  i ordered this anyway ,  likely based on the name brand .
i will definitely not be using this id holder again .
to make things worse ,  they contain gelatin ,  which makes them uneatable .
i got this with a num_extend router and it stinks .
not sure if i got a bad tube or if this is the way the product works .
heard something about a defective batch but did not try soldering this mic .
as several other reviewers have pointed out the game part of this package essentially costs you $
something went wrong with my earpiece after maybe num_num months if that .
that was much shorter than what i wanted and the  stretch  is only about an inch .
i was just expecting something more substantial by this name and at this price point .
think i will try another hipster brand in the future .
the viewing field with this product in place is far too wide .
you can try all day to get this thing to work but it just wont .
ive played many other games that have lasted for well over two hours .
really not needed or better than just holding a knife .
as i mentioned in a previous review ,  i have been a panasonic electric shaver user for over num_num years .
since it didnt work the first time i used it .
first rainy day came after num_num months of putting them on and they streak .
i was very disappointed and won t be purchasing this product again .
this case for the galaxy note num_num is not great .
if i wanted the hassle with the guess and check ,  i would have bought a $ digital camera .
all in all ,  this didn t help with wrinkles .
i have fair ,  sensitive skin and this product has done nothing .
every time i use this brushes ,  bristles are left on my face .
i cannot recommend this product as it fails on multiple levels .
i wanted to make sure this wasn t just a gut reaction so i asked for another opinion .
for the money this is not a satisfactory product .
the fabric and size of this hair towel is the worst i have ever used .
if this product isn t improved soon ,  i wouldn t purchase it again .
i didn t notice any improvement with this product ,  so it must not work for everyone .
i have been working on pcs for num_num yrs ,  and this is a bust .
even after many playthroughs ,  using cheat sheets ,  i m pretty sure we still have a rule or two wrong .
when i got the next order num_num more of the bowls were broken .
i should ve known this would be a bust considering the very low price .
this is a crummy product that you won t enjoy using .
the phone no longer stays in the case after only about five weeks of use .
if your cat likes to play with water ,  then this is not that good .
ive been using this for about num_num months and i dont really see a difference .
i also activated a temporary number ,  but plan to transfer my virgin mobile number later .
so ,  i give the company that sells them num_num thumbs up ,  even if the product is disappointing .
ok ,  the shirts arrived and right away i notice the ash shirt has that rough feel .
i was disappointed in these pads ,  as they are thin and do not absorb very well .
my kids were not wild about it either so it will never go into my cart again .
i tried this because of the good reviews ,  but unfortunately it didn t work for me .
i am a music teacher and couldn t wait to play with this . i ll keep this num_extend
i ve put these with my work jeans that i don t care about .
this knife is the second disappointment i ve received from buck recently .
the product doesn t come with an applicator; besides it is black color .
i m very disappointed about that . especially since this is supposed to be a healthy and environmentally conscious company .
also it weighs a ton  not really but you know what i mean  .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and the most i got out of this charger was num_extend amps .
she reported feeling absolutely nothing with this supplement . i am not convinced that it works .
but i just couldn t fall in love ,  or even like ,  with this condiment .
also ,  when i washed my hand after application ,  the slick gel feel did not even wash off with soap .
they look washed out and have very little detail . fabric feel :  the discription of this item says  double layer  .
these sony earbuds have a very thin ,  anemic sound .
with arms  ,  i would give it num_num stars .
i would estimate that i have used each bag no more than num_num times over the last year .
you will not find this many people playing one game at the same time anywhere else ,  period .
if i had not seen the plastic fall off i or my dogs could have easily been cut .
and at this rate it would take me a week to sharpen all the knives in my kitchen drawer .
unfortunately ,  i might as well have thrown $ in the trash can because that s where this mango ended up .
i have resorted to using these as target practice with my airsoft guns .
this is one catit product i cannot recommend .
ladies ,  if you are a brunette looking for something to take your hair lighter ,  do not buy this .
the water bottle that came with it leaked .
i have doubt that these are actually oem htc cords .
this doesn t fit my samsung galaxy ii phone num_extend
some of the other deva curl products are decent ,  but this is just terrible .
the blender jar leaks and the motor is breaking down after less than a year .
the only way to do this is real time dubbing through your sound card .
it is the exact same material that you buy at the grocer but oversize to fill flower pots .
you can buy a much cheaper speaker phone that works just as well ,  which i would say is mediocre .
maybe i will have to be stuck carrying one headset for voice recognition and another for music and dvds .
with navigation or other apps running ,  your phone will get hot ,  and will not charge .
i write this review after num_num months experience with this humidifier .
very disappointing especially since this was a gift .
then i got a report from online players that my mic did not work or it was very intermittant .
i m going to be sure to stay away from this seller .
this product is terrible for biking or any sport that requires you to wear sunglasses at the same time .
they offer to give me $ towards the purchase of a more expensive set of headphones .
this product left my hair dry and brittle after using it .
definitely disappointed in this product and the manufacturing in general .
where do i start with this ?  well ,  maybe i should start by criticizing myself .
i was really worried that this product damaged my insides . i ve tried several things since trying these .
i used this for several phone calls ,  all in different environments .
looking it up would tell me exactly when but it has been about num_num months .
this might have been one of the worst straighteners i have ever used .
luckily ,  it has coop ,  although it doesn t help that much .
like i said .  .  . neat idea .  .  . but not worth the trouble and money .
this material is so coarse that it might leave gator marks on your body .
this is by far the worst trimmer i ve ever purchased .
this product isn t much better than a bucket of water .
this has to be the worst wwf wrestling game i have ever played .
i had the netgear product up and running in less than num_num minutes .
if they lasted a month as some people reported ,  that would have been satisfactory .
but ,  the blender leaves more chunks of uncut material than should be the case for one of this price .
too harsh for my hair !  i bought this to try when i first started the curly girl method .
even if it were good ,  i wouldn t buy this anyway just because of how they treat their customers .
this works for everyone but not for me .
there is no strategy atall that i have seen any team discuss or even apply so far .
i bought this phone case for my boyfriend who is constantly dropping his phone .
i tried to live with the logitech for a week ,  but i m not giving this one that long .
the serrated blade is very thick but not very sharp .
i m definitely disappointed and wouldn t recommend this to anyone .
i will most likely mix this with a carrier oil but i will not purchase this again .
i didnt not return them because it takes a long time to receive your items .
i am probably going to wind up buying another one from a different company .
i had to return this vacuum because the tiny three way switch is a bad design .
essentially ,  what the screen feels like without a protector .
i threw the num_extend unit in the trash and will never buy a hoover product again .
these were not very good quality and i returned them .
not the best purchase i have ever made .
first problem was the very short  initialize time  with these discs .
i paid more replacing the things that were damaged than the light was worth .
best to check the dimensions before your purchase  :   guess it was my fault .
i like pomegranates ,  i just don t care for the taste of this product .
should have expected it for the price but it doesn t fit right on the phone at all .
i was expecting for the price like this to be better quality than the toy from num_num cent store .
several people have had problems with crashes and serious lagging .
i just received this cushion and i m very disappointed .
my previous dryer was great but it just stopped working after many year .
i was so excited to get this for my daughter for christmas .
i replaced this loser with a waterpik which is working diligently .
may be my personal tastes ,  but i really don t like this flavor .
well yet again is another game sold that would not save due to corruption issues .
the suction cups did not stick to our tile wall very well at all .
it s some times hard to make out the letter ,  too .
and was much more painful than i anticipated since i heard it was supposed to be gentle !  .
i would not recommend this phone to anyone .
delivery took num_num days longer than estimated ,  even though it said the item was in stock .
it also made texting and browsing on my phone very hard .
i m not sure what car this was designed for ,  but it doesn t really work well in any of ours .
i thought this was going to be a great product ,  i was wrong .
having owned this item for  ? about a year ?  ,  it s already got a few rust spots on it .
they seemed like they d be fun for a few pranks . unfortunately ,  the quality is really poor .
i can t say much about the other sound options since i have hardly used them at all .
i have very little to believe that these bulbs will last any length of time at all .
this is just another in a long line of disappointments .
you would think they would make these more durable since they are intended for toddlers .
i finally removed the intercooler and my num_num has been running fine ever since .
returned in about num_num minutes and could not hold the batteries .
replaced my trusty and cheap $ hamilton beach food processor with this .
i haven t actually bought the seidio case yet because i m not sure they all have the sleep magnet yet .
however ,  the elevator does not work that well .
this stuff takes way longer than num_num minutes to cook .
i bought this for my phone and it didn t even work .
after printing ,  the pictures aren t all that good ,  very grainy ,  the resolution is only num_extend
we called dirt devil ,  but they would not compromise on the num_num year warranty .
it loaded up to the menus and that alone was why i gave it num_num star .
i generally trust and use virbac products ,  but this one just didn t do it .
i use the phone with several other sets of headphones and don t have this problem with any of them .
i m just reporting this didn t work for me .
i also haven t seen much benefit from it ,  but i may not have used it long enough .
i think this is due to moisture getting into the case .
maybe i am using this the wrong way ,  but it just smushed everything i was trying to shred .
but if you re serious about your makeup brushes then don t buy these .
then ,  do what you want . bottom line :  poor quality construction make this a loser .
only had this problem with one other product before .
i have been using this as advised for over a month now .
the problem with this case is that it s constantly comes off the phone .
i would not recommend this product to my worst enemy .
not as good a product as i had expected .
i do not like this all in one personal groomer ,  not easy to use at all .
i took a nice long drink and found that this tasted nothing like black cherry to me .
this is a terrible product that is almost solid potatoes in a light gray sauce .
my home is a num_extend house with great water pressure and this device was just terrible .
i won t be ordering from this company again any time soon .
that did not work with this unit nor did any other method that was tried .
she bleeds profusely with every little scratch !  this stuff barely lightened the stain .
i wish i didn t she hasn t even looked at it for more than num_num minutes at a time .
i certainly read the somewhat mixed reviews that spoke of the focusing motor failing relatively quickly .
so beware of this bargain product ,  because you won t even get what you pay for .
this product didn t seem to do anything for my hair that was dry from getting colored .
we ended up tossing most of these creamers because they went bad .
the quality of the product is very poor .
don t buy if you have more than num_num meg as this will be the weak link in your chain .
i really wanted to like this game but just couldn t .
this case will not absorb any impact or your phone so it should be only for looks .
now that she has it ,  she has played with it for about num_num minutes .
i chose this rating because there are certain aspects about it that can be annoying at times .
i know these are cotton ,  but i didn t expect them to shrink two sizes .
as it stands ,  i would not recommend this product .
i have been using frontline for over num_num years .
i felt that they were cheap and did not work well .
this is the loudest toy my num_num year old daughter has ever played with .
with this camera ,  if you re not absolutely still ,  i mean not the slightest quiver ,  the pic is blurry .
what a waste of money and my time !  i had really wanted this product to help me .
this thing will bleed and possibly ruin your sheets  looks .
i will not ever purchase it again ,  nor finish the packets that i have .
we didn t have any other caring corners stuff ,  so this wasn t really fun for my daughters .
if i were out on a ride i would have been very disappointed if these broke .
mostly ,  they just make you go in reverse or open up an extra road here or there .
i would have rated it num_num stars except the pictures don t all match up .
i m having trouble finding parts to fix it . also the pour hole is too high .
and don t tell me i didn t review this product .
don t want another ,  just want a different pot that works the first time ! would not recommend after such similar reviews .
i have a num_num year old girl and a num_num month old boy .
nothing seemed to work right with the elevator portion of this toy .
when this product arrived i happened to have a sore throat so i tried the product a few times .
this case is very minimal and leaves less of a footprint on your galaxy nexus .
not sure i would have purchased this if i tried it out in advance .
this particular tape is very narrow ,  only num_extend
i ve been using this for a while now ,  i also have the num_num point daily treatment cream ,  same problem .
instead i got a different phone case that didnt even go to my iphone num_extend
i had the headphones for one week when one of them stopped working .
i used more than a bottle in a test period of about num_num months .
the instructions said you can heat for another num_num seconds but never more than num_num minute total .
one is fine ,  the other must have been flawed because it basically unraveled .
they just sniffed and turned away ,  both of them .
this cable hardly has any improvement over the sony cable that comes with the psx and the num_extend
i would need a sniper rifle to kill them they were so far away .
i purchased this utensil drying rack to go with the small stainless steel sink drainer .
i thought with the  monster  name it would be a good product ,  this is not the case .
overall ,  i was not thrilled with the taste of this product .
bottom line ,  it does not work nearly as well as my quadra action or smarttouch xl models .
i have tried literally everything as far as moisturizer goes ,  and this one is ,  unfortunately ,  no different .
update may num_extend i saw a couple of videos ,  people were using this device .
this eyeshadow is too shimmery ,  it also creases a lot and doesn t stay on very long .
this device loses mouse clicks frequently ,  up to % of the time ,  making it virtually unusable for my purposes .
the sound from this headset s microphone is nowhere near as good .
who would put this on a num_num cell phone .
the guy who modeled the ships did a great job but everything else is next to worthless .
bought this one thinking that since the old one was kinda small ,  i should get the large .
quality is not great for the price ,  would not buy again .
i don t use this for whole house cleaning ,  though i have done whole rooms with it .
nothing is was wrong with the phone as it paired easily with other bluetooth devices .
i do not recommend this product for the advertised use .
i saw no results whatsoever with this product .
this was with two other outdoor cameras on num_num foot runs .
it is filled with things other than seeds ,  like sticks and other rubbish .
i think $ would have been a fair price for consumers ,  and at most ,  $
this thing makes some of the worst coffee i ve ever had .
i won t be using this product ever again .
if you want a durable case that protects your phone get something else .
very disappointing !  i do not recommend this product .
it actually tasted more like water with just a hint of coconut .
this item was definitely not worth the price .
these were much harder than i thought they would be .
i had the chance to try out these backbeat headphones and i am not that happy with them .
we bought five colors of this same shirt because the price was right but had to return them all .
the graphics weren t very good and even this part of the game lags .
i can t even imagine what it is that makes it like this .  .  . so the jury is still out .
i would not try a product similar to this again in the future .
i knew this game wasn t very deep when i bought itused for num_num bucks .
this thing was a great deal ,  but ,  at least in my case ,  the batter is non nfc .
a complete waste ,  now i m trying to figure out what to replace it with .
i work from home so i was ocd about making this work and cleaning it after every single use .
we have had these since christmas and can not get them to properly work .
that s been my experience with this thing since then . the num_num mah is very overrated .
other than that ,  i will be sticking to floss .
its sad !  this is another lalaloopsie product that is beautiful as shelf decor but a frustration to play with !  .
so that s why num_num stars and not num_extend
they are still alive and in use but look like crap now .
the return policy is worthless ,  you are better off purchasing another unit .
i used this for about a month with very little results .
this product did not work as well for me as it apparently has for so many .
battery life is still disappointing with a moderate quantity of apps running .
this all rubber case is a waste of money ,  but better than nothing .
starting with an odd series on krypton ,  which take a little getting used to ,  and can be difficult .
my mom also tried this ,  and the same result .  .  .  . she said it was not for her either .
however ,  it s absolutely useless for puppies who have enough energy and intelligence to outsmart this device .
this game featured controls that people are more familiar with in these days ,  but didn t understand at the time .
again ,  i have a razr maxx and this item is for the razr maxx .
i have installed many different routers over the years but this is by far the worst .
i bought this mouse and used it for about num_num months before i started having problems .
this is what they show in the pictures but not what you get .
overall it does work ,  it just leaves a icky oily feeling .
this filter is the biggest piece of trash i have ever used .
i have went through two of these knives and will not be buying a third .
these however will not last if you don t do your dishes daily .
my tempered glass screen protector broke and wanted something cheaper and that s what i got .
i read many positive reviews and this seemed like a good idea but i was very disappointed .
vacuum is stronger then i expected but only after using it about num_num times ,  it has no suction .
considering i have never seen this before i decided to give this a try for my kids .
the blade isn t sharp enough to go through the depth of a quartered onion .
these are by fat the worst ,  low quality cuticle cutters i have ever used .
want to make your wildly expensive phone look like a knock off ?  get this thing .
so yeah the only thing that i think this game has going for it is its pretty box art .
i would rate this num_num stars if the constructionwasn t so shoddy .
it comes with very vague instructions  look up how to use it on youtube  .
so the only thing left that still works is the facial steamer .
i would definitely not recommend this bra to anyone .
so i am not happy with this product and will never buy it again .
i will be sewing some reinforcements in there ,  but i still don t think that they will last num_num months .
i m pretty comfortable with new apps ,  but the studio num_num is very hard to figure out .
i was hoping i d have better luck with a name brand like revlon .
but it doesn t take up much room and doesn t cost much ,  so it wasn t a huge loss .
like most people ,  i couldn t find it anywhere except on ebay ,  so i paid more then retail .
even after putting num_num of the mio it still had hardly any tea taste .
these brushes are soft ,  but they aren t stiff enough to pick up powder or blend your makeup .
the graphics aren t that great and the control is terrible ,  making it hard to play .
they would have been more impresive if this game came out when the num_extend first came out .
nearly num_num bucks could have bought me a meal instead . anyway that is why i hate this stupid hamster potty .
even though i have an iphone ,  i thought i would diversify and go after an android based platform .
unfortunately ,  it also stopped working ,  but lasted a bit longer than the first unit .
would like to know if anyone else has had this problem .
i called the company and they sent me an installation video from amazon .
i only gave it num_num stars because it didn t work out for what i originally thought it was for .
i would really like someone to cantact me regarding this .
i thought i d try this first instead of lugging around a rented rug cleaner ,  and i m not very impressed .
i have only had this for about two weeks .
unlike the peels purchased and used by skin obsession ,  this just wasn t worth the time or money .
the same model i saw in the store didn t have that problem .
however ,  i don t think i would pay more than $ for this if i were purchasing it myself .
boswellia serrate ,  one of the ingredients in this product is known to cause problems with digestion .
other than that ,  the cube seems the same .
forgot about customer service from topeak after buying their products .
there s a big difference between being funny and stupidly juvenile .
if you are not handy and have alot of patience i do not recommend purchasing this item .
and i definitely have not noticed any improvement with my hair shedding at all .
i was hoping that after the mass effect debacle with drm ,  they would certainly not include it in spore .
i tried them in my hair and they did work ,  but did not stay in well .
this item is very cheaply made and the velcro that it come with does not stay stuck .
people with better equipment would not consider this player as a cd player anyway .
i ordered this product by mistake thinking it was the duo benzoil peroxide cream .
i realize that this was not the best choice .
he played with about num_num minutes then its over and forgotten about .
not really a good deal and i would take a pass .
this kinyo worked fine for about a year ,  which is why it got num_num stars .
this phone case only came with the back ,  no front included .
now i have to find a very bland recipe to use it with or throw it away .
this was the first time that i ever sent anything back .
i have the hz num_num and i ordered this newer version but i didn t like it as well .
at this point ,  this product will probably end up unused in my basement .
i purchased this product from another site ,  but it s the exact same product .
this product was a waste of money !  the adhesive did not stick very well on my helmet .
i would still like to have a bath stool but won t replace this one with a similar one .
no matter how great this gadget is ,  it s of little use if you can t get one that works properly .
some other reviewers did not like the straps behind their necks but i had no issues with this .
however ,  they only last a week before needing to be replaced .
it is more expensive than many others ,  at $ a pound ,  but there was a lot of waste .
as stated in the product description ,  it can t keep the beverages hot for num_num hours .
i bought this hoping to be able to install it on my ruger mini num_num target model .
i have used this num_num times so far and it has not made any bubbles .
they were not warm . so ,  inasmuch as they don t heat well and aren t made to last ,  i m returning them .
i bought these because i needed some cheap aluminum cookingware .
save your money ,  this game is of poor quality and can be very frustrating .
these bandages now only hold for about num_num hours beforethey start coming off .
i purchased these as blue but they are black not blue .
i have change my rating from num_num stars to num_num based on the issues we had with the bag .
i have used this mixer for num_num years or so .
i guess it s not quite the reaction you d expect from this product .
yes ,  the taste is pretty bad but i m used to that with all of my natural supplements .
newfoundland about num_num cups of blue per day .
it s not easy to stay away from protein .
we bought these traps ,  put peanut butter on them .
this product did not work well on my hair at all .
it is without a doubt the blandest thing i ve ever eaten .
the other reviews are correct in that this is not actually matcha and it is not actually good .
that worked ,  and should contiue working for a year . i do not recommend this product .
i have heard rumors that some tubes of this stuff rock ,  while others do not .
i was excited to get this for my num_num year old daughter .
made a very shallow dive with this case to take some pics of moorings ,  max depth num_num feet .
i ordered these because my very favorite earbuds broke and needed a cheap pair untill they are fixed .
this would seem a likely scenario as the operation instructions say to turn with  downward pressure  .
when i played music through my phone i could barely hear it .
after eating this product ,  i had a stomach ache followed by hours on the toilet .
this has to be the worst product i have ever purchased in my life .
i had been wearing my hair in protective styles for three months ,  using the tt in between .
i was intending to use this on a trainer indoors ,  but it is not good for anything .
if you re looking for a eurogame with another novel mechanic  by eurostandards  ,  i guess this is it .
.  .  .  the kids were really excited about this toy .
if you have saltwater just skip this product entirely .
i have used many hair products from cheap to very expensive and this fell way near the lower end .
this product has such a strong smell i cannot stand it .
however ,  using this just seemed like that original battery .
don t buy this product !  !  !  after num_num months of intermittent behavior ,  it got a permanent red light and then died .
too bad it was four packages  :   at least my order qualified for free shipping .
i m picky so this might work for others ,  but trust me there are better lubricants available .
i first washed the awning with soap and water and then used acetone to remove any unseen films .
these look like a kid has used them for several years .
based on his short life ,  i would not recommend this toy .
it is not ,  but about num_num the times the physical size .
other than that the fm transmitter never worked at all .
i am never going to buy a rival product again .
after spending more time with them ,  there is a serious connectivity issue with the bluetooth .
like half the other reviews i ve read here .  .  . my viking num_extend card died after only using it for num_num days .
maybe it wasn t designed to be  toddler proof ,   but i expected more out of this brand considering its reputation .
i really ,  truly hoped that this would help repair my very fine ,  very dry ,  very wavy hair .
this press is actually shorter than a piece of bacon .
it s definitely very frustrating and although the price is tempting ,  stay away from this .
these were just not that good . and in keeping with other reviewers with lower stars .
in no way do i recommend purchasing this item .
with that said ,  it s all right ,  but it s not going to be a reorder .
after reading the other reviews i had high hopes .
my dog didn t like this toy very much .
the material is not only much thinner but rougher than my current num_extend
i think this one is lacking good low notes and a little feminine .
i returned this item because the description is wrong !  as of today ,  they have still not changed it .
:   i wouldn t purchase again ,  nor would i recommend it .
i would have been much better off buying the regular kong treat stuffer toy that my puppy adores .
it s also hard to jump away from the enemy ,  which is also very frustrating .
also ,  this case does not form fit to the nice curved sides of the phone .
i really was not impressed with this hot drink .
these didn t even make it a day before they were shredded .
this is not a good product to use in taller tanks .
leonard s and they said they would take them back .
i buy the large st  of them all in hopes they will last longer ,  but to no avail .
it did this almost every time i picked it up or took it out of my purse .
i have made several purchases  all at same time  and the product is made in china crap .
forcing everyone to have to double master or more to get lvl num_num to be competitive  see num_extend
it looks like a more expensive product is necessary .
i thought they were flexible plastic ,  but it s hard plastic and very thin .
the scrolling engine alone makes this game unplayable .
it has a stamped metal cap that prevents the handle s wood from splitting ,  but has no wire holding capacity .
i have purchased num_num because i see them as disposable toy junk .
in my num_num years and num_num or num_num saddles this is the first to severely bend .
if you want something like this ,  i d suggest getting  spyro :  a hero s tail  .
my cats have never had a problem with it .
the formula seems much healthier than nutella ,  but some parts were too salty .
why do i rate this game num_num star ?  there are several reasons .
i am the owner of the smaller kitchenaid mixer ,  bought num_num years ago .
i was not happy when i tried these boots on .
i am sure i could slide the core completely out of it with little to no effort .
i used this twice before the side with the volume control cut outs broke .
this extender worked great for two weeks ,  then it utterly failed .
this game is very difficult to control and it is extremely boring .
i was looking forward to using it and so disappointed when i drank it .
i do not recommend this product ,  as it does not appear to be durable .
there are other things that you can do to stimulate your scalp instead of this product .
i called belkin ,  they said don t use the cd ,  download the new version from their website .
i bought this in the store ,  but it is really worthless .
i have problems with it  my granddaughter can not get it to register at all  .
i only have him num_num teeny greenies on num_num separate occasions ,  and both times he vomited the treat .
this hook is difficult to remove from mixer head and no fun to clean .
i do not recommend this product ,  regardless of price .
i have been unsuccessful with the use of the single disc that came with this .
maybe for a set of num_num of them but not individually because it s simply not worth the price .
therefore ,  i feel like i m just wasting my time everytime i try it .
other users said they had to jiggle them a bit to get them to start .
i m disappointed and will not order from this vendor anymore .
it does look exactly like in the photo unfortunately .
the first thing i noticed about this product is that it smells like shampoo .
i ve had this camera for num_num years now and rarely use it .
this product seems to have two major reviews :  it either works or it doesn t .
if they were really the old style ,  which you had to cut yourself ,  i would give them num_num stars .
i ve been using this for about three weeks and i haven t seen any change at at all .
i also tried them with a leaf blower and had the same results .
this trainer is not compatible with my burley canto recumbent .
i totally don t get the buzz surrounding this product .
i dont doubt the quality of this product ,  it just didnt work out for me .
this thing is smaller than a table placemat ,  or perhaps roughly the same size .
i bought a bottle based on the good reviews and had no results at all .
unfortunately ,  even if that works ,  it s going to make an already thick phone  with the num_extend battery  even thinker .
upon first taste ,  i thought that i was really going to like this cereal .
i would not recommend this product on painted walls or for anything heavy .
it doesn t take much to make a difference .
i have always wanted a pair ,  but they just did not work for me .
i left it plugged in over night and the battery never charged up .
from the picture ,  i thought this would work but it is a very shallow pan and i returned it .
if you want something that will not rip ,  go for their silky hose with lycra .
this compass looks the part ,  but it performs poorly .
first ,  know that a little of this stuff goes a long way .
i bought several other fancy num_num person tents and they sucked .
i ended up buying another ,  more expensive case .
it s gluey and sticky and builds up !  i will never waste my money on devacurl products again .
i don t understand how this vacuum has such great reviews .
what s more is that it won t uninstall when you uninstall the game .
i bought num_num thinking that they would be hosa brand .
i m just warning you not to waste your money on this worthless piece of junk .
i would recommend against using these with actual plants without this  conditioning  .
the sound quality was not very good either .
this thing is the worst investment i have ever made .
i bought two bags of num_num different flavors and i m going to have to give them away .
i ordered this along with a couple of other toys that dispense food ,  but i don t like this one .
i am rather disappointed in bass and will rethink buying any more shoes from them .
there is not too much color to these cans ,  but what they really lack is detail and clarity .
the quality of this product was much poorer than i expected .
i really did not like this offering from celestial .
not complaining because my bt will last longer by protecting it with this case .
so it will not work on vista ,  or the upcoming windows num_num  as tested on num_extend
it s just horrible to look at . after having num_num with the same problem ,  i m going to just send it back .
they came off right away and weren t very stable on my screen .
honestly it s not going to get any better than this for input with a numeric keypad .
this product just feels unnatural on the num_extend
i returned this item because the support provided by these arches is almost nil .
this rod is junk along with most multiple piece rods .
i put the batteries in the charger and after about num_num minutes it indicates the batteries are charged .
i bought this to help with spreading pizza ,  this does not do a good job of it .
i really just did not like this cereal and i eat pretty much anything .
the other models it can make might work better ,  i just don t know . the instructions are also very bad .
i have been an audiophile for num_num years .
these pants did not fit my partner well at all they come up extremely close with very little give .
i have purchased num_num of these nesco dehydrators before .
i ve owned otterbox cases in the past and this case ranks as the worst .
well was looking for something different in a hot cereal i like oatmeal but i do tire of it .
this grinder does not cut a coarse grind which i need for my french press .
okay so i m giving this a two stars because it s wireless .
we will not purchase van houtte products in the future .
i read the reviews before i bought it but i must agree it does have an odd scent .
i wasn t too thrilled with this at all .
i have been using an older apc surge protector that did not have this problem .
after reading the high reviews i was expecting a good inflator . sadly it is not very good at all .
tiger woods pga tour num_num is not that much different from last year s tiger .
when i go to play the game i still read not compatible with my computer .
the black labeling over black siding makes them even more difficult to see .
the other issue is that the tops of the sticks are just not sticky enough .
to me that s not a good sign with this product .
i only used it for num_num days and noticed the skin way drier than usual .
don t really like that its just a back snap on .
i would not recommend this product; you re better off with aveeno or nivea for men .
i didn t like putting my hand in that cold wet thing when i first started using it .
tried it in three different vehicles to confirm that it doesn t work .
i have num_num of these num_extend that are good for nothing .
it will go in the garage for some unknown purpose that may arrive in the future .
maybe other dogs like these ,  but they were a waste of money for us .
it is really impossible to fit all that gear showed in the photo they use for the commercial .
thinking i had a contaminated bag i purchased this from num_num different places .
without it ,  the pictures come off blury and off color  even with white balance adjusted  .
the size is ok ,  but every time i wear them i get blisters .
this may be the worst madden installment in num_num years .
i have purchased this item num_num times and the parts keep breaking off .
its been a few weeks since christmas now ,  and it really hasn t been played with .
i have to side with the negative reviews on this one .
let s see how about spending over num_num minutes to try and get it together and still not succeeding .
no hair loss ,  but i wouldn t take chances with this again .
ubi is not offering any patches to really address the major issues with this game either .
then what do you do with it to keep it clean ?  ?  lost it again .
it also stings my eyes ,  i will not purchase again .
fortunately ,  this happened the first time while in warranty .
i ve seen knockoffs that are of this poor quality .
i expected something a little more imaginative instead i receive an .
my son quickly lost interest in this frustrating toy and went on to play with other christmas presents .
i agree with the more negative reviews on this item .
i ,  like many other people ,  decided to try this product after seeing infomercial after infomercial .
this has fallen apart after falling into the plate many times .
the only problem is that i bought it partially because of the parental control .
i ve been using this to help diagnose hypothyroidism ,  but i would not recommend this thermometer for any purpose !  .
i purchased this product ,  but was concerned about all the negative reviews .
the first time i got it ,  it was frozen ,  and this time it is dark brown .
it had already been more than that when i emailed them on friday .
when the product arrived it looked very cheaply made and was huge compaired to my actual size num_num ring .
i have used it no more than five times since i bought this a few months ago .
i played for about num_num hours and then got bored with shooting everything in sight .
just a bunch of excused from this company .
i just bought this product and the jerky was so hard i was afraid i would break a tooth .
the reviewers who give it num_num stars are probably working for the developers and tryign to sell more games .
which is outrageously overpriced ,  but hasn t given me any problems  .
i like both separately ,  but together it just didn t work for me .
unfortunately these underwear feels like a medium even though i ordered a small .
plus the price i could not believe for this junk !  skip and stay with countrytime lemonade ! yuck !  .
i thought this looked like so much fun ,  but i m really disappointed .
there is definitely something wrong with this crystallized ginger from sincerely nuts .
if you are buying this case because of the kickstand ,  as i did ,  then i do not recommend .
this one is by far my least favorite which is a nicer way of saying my most hated .
for instance ,  i took it off the charger about num_num minutes ago .
with that said ,  i love beef jerky ,  and it s not so bad i d throw it away either .
until they release a patch ,  however ,  i would strongly discourage anyone from buying this game .
it was played with for about num_num minutes ,  then never touched again .
there is no reason this should have happened .
despite it s decent price ,  stay away from this one .
there is a noticable strain from holding my hand awkwardly just to grasp the mouse .
or maybe they just don t taste or smell that good to some dogs .
this was an incomplete game that should not have been released .
only used once and i now have a day with no lid !  .
if i had continued to use it i would have been in real trouble .
i didn t even buy these for myself ,  but they came in the apartment i moved into .
i have kept it num_num months trying to give it a fair shake ,  but i trashed it this morning .
i have had this camera for about num_num months .
i wouldn t buy this again and i definitely would not give this as a gift .
my num_num year old daughter desperately wanted this .
when the electricity came back on ,  this coffee maker turned itself on .
i d tried many things ,  such as pouring boiling water on it ,  using toothpicks to try to knock it out .
i would have given it num_num stars if it weren t for the defective edge .
this product just clumped like crazy ,  it did not lengthen my lashes ,  even when i used a second coat .
i didn t like this product like others i have used .
i do not recommend this case to anyone .
i cannot speak for all devices ,  but this was a total failure in my case .
this tank top runs small and short !  it was also of very poor quality ,  the seams ripped very easily .
purchased this and spent the extra money as i have a small dog with long hair .
$ for num_num boxes ? is this a rare item ? that s $ a box . i think the item might be a bit overpriced .
well ,  one year and a day after receiving it ,  the thing died deader than a doornail .
unlike most of nature s way s products which i would recommend to others ,  this one i would not .
if i were only reviewing the sound quality of these headphones i d give them num_num stars .
cannot recommend this product and will not buy again .
even the power cord sucks ,  with its large adapter .
this lets out very little stream but it is quiet but does not work as intended .
i really didn t like this product ,  and returned it .
i just received these sunglasses and completely disappointed .
lab puppy chewed through this one in about num_num minutes ,  quicker than most other toys .
healthy does not have num_extend in it . would i buy this ?  no .
but on a console it really loses something . compared togta vice city ,  this game is simply an inferior copy .
there is no scoop ,  so you re left trying to figure out what a  scoop  is .
the only time you can pour somewhat decently is when the container is only half full .
one of the problems might be that this toy is really loud on tile floors .
however when i bake with it i don t have this problem .
not sure why we or the kids thought it would be more interesting .
i used this for about num_num months along with exercise .
i contacted sony which is what you have to do when their product has a defect like this .
i bought them just in case the leland s would not work .
this grinder was a gift so i didn t feel i could return it .
i tried num_num of my other games ,  which i used to play problem free ,  to no avail .
happy until it began getting very loose and falling apart after num_num months of use .
the second pair broke about num_num months later .
num_num bucks is a lot to pay for having ur privacy invaded i wont be buying this title ever .
i walked up to about num_num dudes and just handcuffed them .
i have three cats ,  and of the three of them ,  only one would even eat these treats .
if you are looking for razor thin ,  you need a battery that works with the stock cover .
i dont even have a very large head and i could not wear it because it hurt so much .
i ve had this driveway alert for num_num years .
my biggest problem with this product is the fact that it broke within a few months of using it .
i d give num_num stars if it had not been left to the customer to q . c .
they have a strong ,  fake cheesy ,  chemical flavor and odor .  .  .  .  . maybe from the plastic the product is microwaved in .
thus ,  i don t think this costly towel is worth the money .
after purchasing it i found out that nylabone s aren t considered very safe for dogs .
apparently a  handle replacement kit  is available from the manufacturer ,  and i have inquired how i might order one .
just what i wanted ,  a dirty filter from a box with a broken seal .
this cord worked for about a week and then would not work .
i can honestly say that i noticed absolutely no difference in my hair whatsoever after using this product .
but the cord isn t long enough tor each from my ears to my pockets !  so they re useless to me .
as is ,  pain in the butt and i would not buy this product again .
we were using regular alkaline batteries and they would go in about num_num hours .
i found this to not be worth the money .
this is probably the most horrible dog toy i ve ever bought .
i bought num_num of these  otterbox  of amazon .
i tried this the first night that i received it .
i m pretty forgiving with these bars ,  but this one i won t buy again .
we ve been through two of these and both have the same issue .
not worth the price or hassel of buying it !  i do not recommend that anyone buy this !  .
they are just not pretty to look at .
it died a terrible death in about num_num minutes .
i rented this because frogger was my wife s favoriate game on num_extend
store them in an empty plastic spice jar and keep the jar packed in with your camping equipment .
i have used electric curlers for num_num years and this is the worst product i have ever purchased .
it s plain unimaginable to me that anyone could like these .
i have a num_num num_extend and this does not work with the spare tire .
but be warned ,  this is a juvenile game with very little sense of realism at all .
overall it was just very cheaply made and didn t last very long .
i m really disappointed ,  i had heard so many good things about this .
this case was extremely hard to take apart and put on my phone .
they tried to make a classic toy high tech .  .  . it did not work .
the wood handle feels very rough and splintery and needs to be sanded and oiled .
be careful !  !  this is a cheap chinese knockoff battery and is not a genuine blackberry battery .
it comes with a really short cord and the product doesn t even work .  .  . tried on several items .  .  . nothing charges .
someone bought this for him and within num_num weeks all four wheels have snapped off .
which means your next computer purchase will not be able to use this card .
i bought this for my num_num year old arthritic cat but he won t use it .
i have had this razor for num_num months now .
we have used the cuisinart grind and brew for two years and it has been a terrible disappointment .
also not an issue with other cheep grinders i ve bought .
they come from hong king and it took forever to arrive too .
this fixed that issue . second ,  the sound was not great .
while using rage broad heads we have shot a total of num_num deer in the past num_num years .
here are some things to num_extend the case does fit the phone ,  but no better than a generic case .
this was a poor buying judgment one i will not ago again . seriously ,  save on shipping buy from dollar store .
not the quality one would expect from this company .
perhaps the fact i have tried many types of jerky and enjoy eating it did not help this brand .
this item must have been lying around in a warehouse somewhere for a long time .
after about three drops the clips that helps hold it on the phone broke and it became useless .
the wireless router was dead on arrival and the wireless card broke num_num months later .
after num_num minutes on the phone with netgear support ,  they have concluded that my modem is not working correctly .
not sure why these are labled  banana  because they have zero flavor of any kind .
not happy with this crappy item at all .
it said leave on for no more than num_num hours .
she carries them around with her everywhere ,  but they wind up at the zoo ,  not at the ark .
must have been sent out that way ,  although it was packaged in a cheap envelope with bubble wrap .
i tried all num_num of the eargels that were included and could not get them to stay put .
now with this num_extend system ,  they made counterparts to the num_num bit games .
i got my phone repaired too many times to know this is a stupid idea .
not sure if this will ever be used .
when i walked around in the shoe it just felt off and like it lacked support .
i have a kitchenaid blender that is pretty loud so this characteristic did not surprise me .
the mirror in the picture looks nothing like that on the phone .
i purchased a num_num month supply of this product when it was new to the market back in num_extend
but ,  after about a month it got really old and somewhat boring .
but i also think that i m allergic to something in this product .
there are hardly any customization options for the phone . this is dumb ,  im returning it .
half the colors in here are the same ,  and it is not a very nice quality .
she s only had hers for about num_num months .
this pot is not heavy duty enough for thick soups ,  and stews in such large quantities .
but ,  like the other reviewers ,  i bought this player to last much longer than two years .
this was supposed to fit my samsung galaxy num_extend and it does not .
i have hardwood floors in my home ,  and i used this mop to clean a tiny bedroom .
the small battery even doesn t hold enough power to finish the num_extend disk .
however ,  the battery life with this camera has been problematic since the first day that we received it .
knowing there are better heat packs available ,  i would definitely not purchase this one again .
also ,  the waistband is the kind used on men s underwear ,  which makes the shorts look like an undergarment .
i replaced this after num_num months with the samsung wep and have had no problems .
this is the second petstages toy that i ve bought my puppy that s torn up after only a short time .
they give you this false image of how beautiful you ll look when you use it .
if i had wanted stevia mixed with sugar i would have searched for stevia mixed with sugar .
i have used the petzlife oral gel for several years on my num_num shihtzus darby and hampshire .
sure ,  anything you pull out will not be sterile in a matter of seconds ,  but come on .
it s more of a cream color ,  but this gives the appearance that it s dirty .
well ,  it isn t worth even the price of shipping .
i don t know what these beads are made of ,  but they smell horrible .
i changed this from num_num stars to num_num stars .
i will not buy cables from this company again .
it does last a very long time but what s the use .
otherwise ,  this thing is a waste of money ,  since most dogs and cats do in fact have claws .
i will wear it a little at a time but i will never replace it .
they re much ,  much smaller ,  so for those looking for similar clips ,  don t be surprised when they arrive .
one of the few items i purchased from amazon in which i was not satisfied .
after about three colossi ,  i was bored to death .
this battery does not hold a charge for very long .
my main problem with it  other than the ingredients list  is that it does not dissolve in water .
i have had to do a total reset several times due to a total deterioration in sound .
not the case with this coffee at all .
bah ! as another reviewer mentioned ,  beware when using the tools on this vac .
i paired the headset with both phones ,  but it would automatically update to only one phone .
i was very hyped up and very interested in this game for about num_num or num_num months .
i still have most of the case and i may just throw them out .
these were too small even though i used the size chart when ordering .
once this case is installed ,  it makes it very hard to push the buttons on the ipod .
other than that ,  it was cute ,  but unless you are a child ,  i would not purchase !  !  !  .
after trying this product i did not notice any improvement in the way i felt .
i purchased this item for my iphon num_num earlier in the year .
i couldn t figure out why my cats weren t using the new beds after several months of having used them .
i ve had the num_extend for about num_num weeks and so far it s been quite disapointing .
i bought these a few years ago and terrible treble .
bought this for my num_extend and it did not fit right .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  it is necessary to reboot the units frequently to get them communicating again .
i purchased num_num of these refurb units for my daughters for xmas .
in the meantime ,  on the fence on how i feel about this product .
after about num_num minutes i felt a stickiness underneath my arms .
this device did not perform at all as well as i expected from a plantronics product .
mostly num_num star ratings ?  four of the top five ingredients are num_num types of corn ,  rice ,  and powdered cellulose .
i was impressed with the list of all organic raw ingredients of these bars ,  but the taste is bad .
so ,  they will just sit in a drawer somewhere because i refuse to use them .
u can do this only if u ve installed amazon s app store or rooted and can access the android market .
took too long to dry my hair and it came out frizzy every time .
all you need to know is that mine broke the first time i used it .
favorable reviewers all around have gushed some variation of the num_extend
make sure you like this before you buy a num_num pack .
this is not the first time this has happened with your cases .
i bought these to remove makeup but found they were really rough for under the eyes .
as i mentioned ,  our cats didn t like this product .
disappointing ,  but this seems to be the norm with many of these bluetooth products .
so they are about num_num inches longer than i like .
i would not buy this again ,  or recommend .
there s something wrong with these chargers because they re all pretty much universal !  .
we have used it moderately ,  maybe a dozen times in two months ,  so nearly $ for num_num uses .
ok ,  so no problem i just added more coffee beans and less water and so on and so on .
this was worse than the over num_num year old pan ever did .
i feel that the game shouldn t even be allowed to be sold .
i would not really recommend this as it stinks and the smell does not go away .
somehow ,  i don t think this one will be around very long .
i wouldn t recommend this to anyone ,  was such a let down and for the price .
i just don t understand how this thing is supposed to work .
the scent was nice until maybe num_num hours after applying ,  so i d do another couple of swipes .
therefore ,  i cannot recommend this product to anyone .
i have very thin earlobes ,  and my piercings are almost num_num years old .
the thing is i never had a problem with bugs until i used this crap .
the remainder is cheap pressboard . in short ,  i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i have a linksys access point that has been running for over num_num years now .
also i was looking forward for the easytone running shoes .
boy was i wrong ,  this lens is the biggest disappointment i have ever had with any pro zoom .
oh ,  and it s also made a place where they don t make peanut products .
the last few that i ve purchased here on amazon ,  though ,  have torn very quickly .
but i ve tried for over a year to contact global and they have never responded .
riddled with holes ,  these socks just don t wear well over time .
to be honest ,  i d rather forget i ever purchased this item than have to deal with customer returns .
the ball didn t want to snap together easily but fell apart quickly .
i was shocked at the uselessness of this trijicon product .
i have gone through several black lightning cables in just a few months .
their quality control sucks ,  i can t believe that two out of two products are both defective .
and so many pets have eaten corn based food their entire lives ,  and lived a long , long time .
why bother ?  get one that has a stainless steel cap and skip right past this .
looks like i should paid a few more bucks and got chuck norris  gym .
however could only put the front cover on because the phone would not fit into my case with both .
the worst purchase i have ever made from amazon .
if you are looking for anything other than that ,  you probably won t be satisfied with this product .
i m disappointed with the performance of this product .
when i was using dove ,  it lasted me about num_num days .
we will be using the product until it is empty but will not order it again .
i ve been drinking this tea since the num_extend
they were great about returning my money but i messed around with this thing for far too long .
it s not bad ,  really ,  it s just that there are much better games out there .
this was a temporary solution i don t recommend this for long term use it will probably fall apart .
i think someone would be better off looking at a smaller case than buying this large thing .
we did not like this version as much as some of the older mario parties .
it taste like coffee that has been sitting around in the pot for num_num hours .
not worth spending the extra and getting it online .
this is exactly what i felt i was doing .
and yes ,  as others have mentioned ,  it slips around at lot .
while this basic filter ,  does physically protect your lens for cheap .
this may be too tasking for some youngsters who just want to have creative fun .
this phone has terrible battery life ,  a big sacrifice for the thin profile .
when i received ,  i was disappointed because it s not what i expected .
this case cost more than the one for my num_extend phone and didn t even include a holster .
i have never tried kava before and thought i would give this a shot for anxiety .
we have had better luck with just putting the glucosamine on there food .
i used this for about num_num weeks and honestly am sure it was a waste of my time .
i should give it num_num stars for being in expensive but it just stays on my skin .
i love bare escentuals and use many of their products but this one did not work for me .
this is by far the worst screen protector i have ever purchased .
maybe it was stored under poor conditions ,  but i will never buy zico in this format ever again .
i have been using clinique products almost exclusively for nearly num_num years .
it was too bitter to drink !  we definitely do not recommend this coffee .
i have foolishly bought this exact model twice .
i chose this rating because i hate this product .
i would never have ordered it if i d know this .
it will not charge your phone ,  or will it do audio passthrough like the gsm version does ! @ !  !  !  .
i understand how gravity works but apparently this device doesn t .
from the time it took to unpack and sign up with tmobile ,  less than num_num mins .
tried this trimmer for num_num years ,  a total of num_num trimmers .
it should also be noted that this won t be used how one would expect .
this is my first epilator and it has made me totally certain i will never try this method again .
today i received both and put them to the test . testtransfer num_num mov files that total num_extend
used this while camping for num_num days on the river .
they don t have time to dry and harden even if i stand on a stool when i blow them .
very disappointed with this product and wil try to return if option is provided .
this is a tasteless product that i don t recommend .
pretty meh quality sound etc . you can find better for roughly the same price if not a few bucks more .
first ,  the features are more limited than i expected .
it was like a very thin item pressing deeply into the skin between my fingers .
even if they did what they are supposed to do ,  i did not realize that .
but this is the worst of all the games they ever made .
the mix was kept in the frid for num_num hours to hopefully assist in keeping things cold .
there were little shreds of salmon and one big chunk; the mix obviously wasn t mixed very well .
may as well use a wired headset ,  keep your phone in your front pocket ,  and never drop a call .
i would have been able to make it thru to the end if they just added one feature .
i had this toaster for num_num years now and the results are not very impressive .
i tried to take this twice many days apart both times ended very badly .
i ve been using this bag for my panasonic lumix num_extend for three months .
they don t protrude from your ears ,  so you can probably sleep in them if you want to .
i thought i was better than the other reviewers and make this work ,  but it s really not possible .
the quality of this product is questionable ,  it comes completely disassembled .
it takes about num_num million to obtain a new level .
everything is very cheaply made and i would not trust putting any samples in these containers .
i am sure there are better products at amazon .
we will not be buying this product in the future .
the quality seems fine ,  but if you have the num_extend or num_num qt ,  pass on it .
normally i like most of them well enough to buy again but this one tastes really hideous to me .
i bought this charger and it didn t work .
would not recommend this to anyone with foot or hip problems since it could cause tripping .
i am not impressed with this product and question the legitimacy of the num_num star reviews .
these headphones don t cost much and they aren t worth much ,  either .
the should have a larger size ,  that would be better rather than one size .
i tried it for a month and could discern absolutely no benefit from this product .
i purchased these a couple of times and only a few were really large .
cheap !  cheap !  this phone has the worst caller id display i ve ever seen .
but after multiple calls in various locations no one could hear me well .
i do not recommend this razor for anyone older than num_extend
these scissors shouldn t even carry the henckels name ,  its a disgrace to this great brand name .
this product does not fit a stratosphere phone .
so ,  i bought these some time ago ,  but waited a long time to use them .
also the cloth strips it comes with suck .
the lady told me to send the printer in as they have had lots of problems with them .
our dog hasn t responded at all and it s been about num_num weeks since we put the collar on .
as another reviewer mentioned this coffee has methylene chloride which may be the reason i get those headaches .
i don t recall ordering one with num_num feet of cable ,  however .
not sure why but would not purchase again .
have only had this a short time and already it is falling apart .
the drive has issues with either large files or large numbers of files .
there are three main problems with this product .
but they broke only after a couple months .
this one is cheap quality and not worth your money .
it s not awful ,  but i have drug store products that perform better .
again ,  it doesn t look bad ,  but it just is not at all what i wanted .
just like all the other reviews ,  it started skipping like crazy after num_num week .
also ,  as a woman with a small head ,  the headset just felt clumsy and big .
this product is no good ,  it is not worth the money ,  and above all ,  it is not safe .
it seems like rare has forgotten how to make fun games .
that is how i have been drinking this hazelnut flavored coffee the past week .
when i received them the package said num_extend and they seemed like they re break really easily .
i definitely wouldn t recommend these and would not buy again .
this charger had a very low price ,  but is also very low quality .
that s why this knife s handle is ergonomically contoured .   i don t agree with that at all .
its like the only thing they focused on was pretty still pictures to lure unsuspecting gamers with screan shots .
this product arrived and does not look like the picture .
also my phone charges much slower with this cable than with my original one .
i bought this shampoo expecting it to make a difference in my hair .  .  . it didn t .
i have used this for a year and noticed no change in my skin .
another one of those gadgets that will sit in my drawer .
note  made in china  which may be where the quality has gone .
but ,  i have to admit like the others have said ,  the game takes a long time to load .
this will not protect your device at all in case of bumps or falls so be careful .
well just as with the emjoi i am disappointed with the results i get on my underarm area .
this seems like a marvelous toy ,  but we have been quite disappointed in it .
it took about num_num weeks to get the product .
these sandals were terrible !  i m so surprised because they are bass who is usually an excellent company .
this coffee maker just can t make the coffee hot .
the graphics are poor ,  but most of all the activities for play are very limited .
i returned this item because i could not get it to work with my computer .
based on some of the reviews ,  i expected it to perform much better than it did .
this has been the only toy she has done this with .
and ,  my foamboard and aluminum trays were much less expensive than the price of this stow and go .
after reading everyone s reviews ,  i kind of feel bad that we did not have the same results .
i recently ordered this adapter to replace my lost one .
the bottom line :  get an upper arm monitor and have it checked at your doctor s office .
this could have possibly damaged my equipment ,  but luckily it did not .
i would definitely not buy again and am returning this one .
it will not look like the picture shown .
i plan to return these even though it s not much money .
they feel like crap when you throw them and the shaft s unscrew too easily .
how can amazon send out such low quality items ?  i will not be ordering this product again .
i was very disappointed when i received this in the mail .
but for my purposes ,  i will not be ordering these again .
i wanted to try something all natural and was hoping this would work .
:   but they were easy to swallow ,  and had no aftertaste .
but ,  the errors should make you think twice about buying this game for a higher price .
sadly ,  i could only do one of the two things at a time on this device .
so far i have been unable to get it to work after more problems simply installing the driver .
ordered the clear and after about num_num weeks ,  the clear turned yellowish .
but basically ,  i was not warned that this would be such a messy ordeal .
this was my second purchase but i m not sure if this is original .
after using this product for a month ,  i have noticed no effects whatsoever .
this is probably the most violent game i have ever played .
i am extremely disappointed and do not recommend this hat to anyone .
i only got another num_num feet of range from this booster .
but after that ,  nothing i did would make it work again .
but otherwise ,  its a num_num star rating for now .
if i did not press the num_num cup button i got num_num cups of coffee .
if the bought together batteries are incorrect ,  i will be very angry .
i would not suggest buying this router unless you want a headache .
these were way smaller than they should have been .
it also gave me a stomach ache and didn t make me feel very well .
i was unable to press garlic with this item .
the stuff lasts what seems like forever ,  it didn t stop burning for hours .
this bluetooth hold static without being on the phone .
they stay saggy . they are colorful and pretty ,  but not enough ball for my kids . maybe they should be bigger ?  .
not only that ,  but the num_extend system seemed to be getting extraordinarily hot while playing .
thought this would be cute for my kids .  .  . but it started leaking air right away .
i purchased this product and it arrived empty .
i dont understand the point of wearing make up that makes you look worse instead of better !  .
these risebars taste like dates and nothing much else .
the second belt was useless after num_num months with the center hols ripping apart .
i have been playing it non stop since yesterday at num_extend a . m .
very unhappy with this and now i m stuck .
i have used numerous otterbox defenders over the years for various devices and have never had a complaint .
let s see ,  this game was made about num_num years ago .
it was about num_num times the current price of this product .
my complaint with these ,  and the reason for the two rating is num_extend
would definitely not buy this again even though it is very inexpensive .
i ended up not using is at all . would not recommend this kit .
i ll keep playing num_extend  not num_extend even with all of it s flaws .
i will never buy a case logic product ever again !  .
i ve only used this mixer maybe num_num times before it blew up .
be careful of this product  ,  use very small amounts .
it could be something else ,  like it was with me .
bought this one in july num_extend it is now january num_num and i ve only worn it num_num times .
the mute button is halfway covered on my verizon iphone num_extend
this thing looks like it came out of a giant cracker jack box .
i didn t like this at all and i wish i would have returned it but ,  i waited too long .
maybe ,  but it seems to be more that this card just sux . btw ,  i ve been dealing with computers since num_extend
looking down into the extension i could see some metal pieces which were close to the opening .
this was a great idea ,  but poor product .
they wipes are too dry and they don t work well for removing eye make up .
read some of the other reviews for info on alternatives . down to business .
i have zero issues with the design of the battery cover ,  the buttons ,  etc .
it just feels cheap and i could probably make something better with cardboard and duct tape .
i ve been looking for a longer lasting chew that s more exciting than antlers ,  and this is definitely not it .
this case does no protection at all it cracked my phone after having it for num_num days .
back to canon only i guess because battery life is very important to me .
the minute i put this screen protector on it hurt my eyes .
very poor workmanship ,  rough surfaces and the fact that you cannot put it into dishwasher would be health hazardous .
i have a phone that keep track of call times and it reported a num_num minute hold time .
i received this product and in a timely manner however ,  i was very disappointed .
i used the player several times before the skipping problem began again .
i just tossed these in their playpen but they really don t care to play with them at all .
i called the company today and they said they are aware of defects in the car adapter .
be forewarned ,  this is one of those products that cannot be returned .
maybe i didn t read the description well enough because i was focused on straps that don t slip .
after reading the reviews i thought i d try these curry noodles .
i don t think i will try this on my body since it left my face dry as the desert .
we only thing that i can see these gloves being used for is possibly with focus mitts .
i should have paid attention to the reviews instead of thinking it would be different for me .
but after you play a majority of them once ,  i guarantee you ll probably never look at them again .
i used this fountain for years and finally gave up and went to a stainless steel bowl .
the bowl size is much smaller than the dimensions given .
about num_num minutes after spraying it on ,  you can not smell it .
arrived doa !  quality is worse that a paper airplane !  do not buy this junk !  .
the claims for this battery are that it will give you num_num hours of play time .
in fact ,  these are probably the worst sounding headphones i ve ever used .
the previous raters have been too generous :  this is a marketing item ,  not a real product .
i would not recommend this with wooden floors .
these were awesome headphones until the volume button snapped inside .
there are far better ways to combat oil than this product out there .
this tahini tastes nasty and i will never buy it again .
i have to say i agree with others who felt this product is too heavy on the ginger flavor .
this battery will not work as a replacement .
this is the second kitchenaid that has burned out for me in two years .
even though it s only been a week ,  this leash has come off of his collar twice .
the glare was too harsh on my phone ,  and it gave my screen a rainbow effect .
i was expecting much better quality than this brush .
i wanted to like this because i like jarrow .  .  . but i got no noticeable effects whatsoever from this product .
the comfort issue outweighs the sound quality by a large margin ,  which is why i cannot recommend this product .
even tough i used this cable very rarely for my creative speakers . now i will look for another cable .
these bags are very dangerous since cat s usually don t go in them willingly .
i also did not like that the silicone did not wrap around the front edge of the screen .
i ve tried four different batteries for my samsung galaxy num_extend so far .
we used this kettle num_num times before a rust spot appeared on the bottom of the inside .
they do look cool but even the $ skullcandy earbuds with poor sound quality sounds better than these .
very stiff leather and too loose for the iphone num_extend
i also used the smaller blade  that this comes with  for my eyebrows but i really didnt like it .
but other than that it s just sort of a sponge .
this product was pretty much the worst thing i have ever ordered for our terrariums .
this does not fit a samsung galaxy slll and should not advertise that it does .
i ordered this and then cancelled my order after i played with it in the store .
i have tried the remington ,  the braun and this panasonic was my third .
i ve had others that you could retrieve with the magnet ,  but not this one .
i bought one of these num_num years ago and hated it .
the seller issued a refund but i still need this so i may just order another and try again .
i thought a product made by moen would be top quality ,  but this safety bar is not .
no other boards fail you if a member dies !  !  !  ?  ?  ? enemies : pretty much look alike .
while the num_extend isn t bad at anything ,  it isn t better than the num_extend
i ve been using it for about num_num months now and am no longer pleased .
when running with these they bounce around your neck and don t feel at all secure .
the vent setup is so wobbly and unstable that it moved around while i was driving .
this fountain has been a disappointment since day num_extend
not worth $ let alone what i paid .
ordered num_num of these to finish a surly ogre build i am anxious to finish .
both times they lasted about num_num months before they stopped working .
it is the wimpiest hair dryer i have ever used .
they also ripped putting on the first time ,  but they weren t too small ,  the fabric just wasn t sturdy .
my grandsons have been very understanding about the burned spots on their pancakes ,  but i am not .
the taste is only slight more flavorful than water .
but i have to agree with the other reviews that this game is a joke .
after another num_num or num_num months ,  this one did |exactly the same thing .
mine lasted slightly less than num_num years before it broke .
so sad to see pyrex degenerate along with so many other companies .
i tried this with my toller and it took him about num_extend to remove all squirrels from the tree .
within days of using this inside my dogs  crates ,  the bottom layer of cushion had essentially disappeared .
i read the previous reviews that said the cans were dented .
i hate square toes because they look masculine on me .
you can just wave the control around but you really have no idea what you are doing .
i then used them to connect my galaxy num_extend to my computer .
i could hear cars that i couldn t see in this mirror at all .
so try as i might ,  i cannot wear it for prolonged periods of time .
these socks are not for girls over a size num_extend
these do not bend very well around burritos or  wraps  either as they are so dry .
looking at the ingredients ,  there is nothing in this product which will impact lash growth .
i have had my num_extend for about num_num months now .
after about num_num days i just couldnt do it anymore .
i would not recommend this item for powerful or extreme chewers .
also leaves a white coating on my hair that looks like dandruff and coats my hair brush .
and it gets boring after the first num_num days you ve played it .
just having rampant diarrhea will not cleanse your colon walls . this product is really overpriced .
there are so many artificial ingredients in this it made me ill to read it .
the worst mascara i ve ever used by far . made my lashes look even worse than without mascara .
i bought num_num and they both don t charge very well .
i used this battery for about num_num weeks .
not much i really like about it other than it s a num_num cup thermal brewer .
the fact is that i m tempted to rate this game even lower than i have .
i never take my watches off ,  which has never been a problem with trusty ol  timex expeditions .
it does not provide enough food for a very large tank over along period of time .
i ve used other dry shampoos that work much better .
i have tried eliminating anything that could be interfering with no success .
he could topple it over when he was num_num months .
looks like it would have been very useful system .
look elsewhere for kits or just make your own for a lot less .
now this is the capper that really ticked me off .
i have been using the battery for less than a years now .
when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything .
again ,  another pet food with protein that isn t high enough to keep your cat healthy . cats and dogs are carnivores .
so def not something i will b ordering again .
i was willing to live with that but then the unit kept loosing the signal .
i thought this game would be similar to the sims num_num and the sims bustin out .
the first time i used this scoop was for a batch of chocolate chocolate chip cookies .
did they even product test this thing ?  very ticked off .
i ve been using this product for over num_num months now and makes my hair dryer .
i would not recommend this unless your dogs are outside dogs .
these were by far the worst ones i have ever used .
despite being size large ,  it fell apart with tugging from a num_num lb lab in less than one week .
so in conclusion this is a very old design and looses in many ways to the newer sexier designs .
i would suggest going away from this router and possibly going away from netgear .
the consistency is worst i have ever used .
i have bought many food items on amazon and never had a problem with mold .
don t buy rhodiola from a company that produces vitamins and minerals as this one does .
i had to return this item because it didn t properly shut off after boiling .
i wrote to sandisk about this problem ,  but have heard nothing back .
i don t recommend this product at all ,  avoid unless you are connecting num_num linksys vpn boxes to each other .
as other reviewers have mentioned ,  the inside of these things becomes coated with mold .
i am sticking with amazon prime on everything from now on .
another recent reviewer mentioned he didn t receive the scope described ,  but i thought it was a fluke .
i have a very old version ,  but same model number ,  of this adapter for years .
i felt really dumb for having bought it in the first place .
my num_num year old has not played this for long .
this is not a quality product and i would not recommend purchasing the luggage .
i was wrong ,  this item broke after only num_num successful use .
there are even nine party games which get old very fast .
this was supposed to work with my phone ,  but it doesn t .
before you buy this .  .  . make sure you understand that it does not do as advertised .
the pieces didn t stay together very well and the instructions weren t the best .
other similar products have total interface with the iphone without doing somethng like this .
the samsung people have provided a contact email for problems .
the suction mount really does not work well at all .
however ,  this coating peels of rather quickly and makes it look cheap .
the controller isn t very comfortable in the hand like a regular video game controller is .
`it comes with a horrible cloth to clean your screens with before you apply the screen protectors .
it worked about num_num times then suddenly won t come on anymore .
this product arrived with rust already formed inside the screw holes and around the edges of the metal tubes .
i only like the fact you can charge you phone ,  and battery at the same time with this unit .
even with high quality clumping litter it did not work .
tried this in the house and the first time our lab stopped after the first bark .
denese suncreen tinted face lotion for about num_num years but i decided after watching dr .
the sound quality on these two units are horrid ,  there are no other ways to describe it .
some hard scrubbing did better than this !  first off i used as directed .
after checking the reviews at this point i returned it .
would never have bought any other product if the quality remained .
i ve had these for over a year now and my feet and knees were fatigued after wearing them .
i was excited to try this product since i had heard so many good things about it .
so yes ,  this product is very oily ,  and a terrible choice for car leather .
i do not know if i would buy this product again or if i would recommend it .
after scaling numerous branches ,  you find that you cannot quite strike the enemy .
i tried all num_num pcs and none of them would stick even after cleaning the phone .
not worth the money .  .  . there are othjer products that you can use that are so much better .
the post office even checked the mail theft log and there were no reports from my neighborhood .
i bought this for my brother who has a galaxy num_num and did not fit .
i opened a different brand .  .  . tossed them on the floor ,  and they were readily eaten .
it is expensive ,  and not worth the money at all .
i do not like this game because its hard depressing and not fun .
this product was terrible ,  it was cut up ,  smelled bad ,  did not fit phone like promised .
this must have been old even though it was not outdated .
these are very tiny shrimp ,  with not much flavor ,  more useful as a garnish than anything else .
this is one of the worst gums i have ever had .
they aren t as violent as you d expect them to be in a mortal kombat game .
if you drop your phone ,  it won t help absorb any of the impact .
after about num_num months ,  this new mouse is doing the same thing .
i would assume that there would be just a plain ,  reasonable quality brush in it but it wasn t .
there s never been a problem with the lamb .
i like the smell ,  but was pretty disappointed with the performance of this product .
as you can see ,  i m very disappointed with this juicer .
i bought num_num of these and none ,  i repeat not one of them worked to an acceptable level .
in the end ,  exchanging would have been too much of a hassle .
i could not try out this product long enough to see the results because of the smell .
if i could change the star rating ,  i would change it to num_num or num_num stars now .
after much research ,  this seemed like a phone that i could pay just by the minute for use .
the real problem however is that reliance does not sell these little vent plugs separately  yes ,  i called them !   .
it does not come with a plastic cover to prevent accidentally releasing the buckle .
i pop this in my whirly pop and only get a few kernels that will actually pop .
as others have noted ,  there is bpa in this can .
bought this for my num_num month old as she has started cruising .
i wanted to like ginger habanero sauce but i found the taste of this sauce very cloying .
this memory card holds twice as much space as the official sony card ,  but isn t worth it .
it wasn t disgusting ,  but i definitely wouldn t purchase this again .
does what it says ,  i guess ,  but not sure why anyone would want it to .
we have own num_num of these cuisinart coffee pots and they are not worth the aggrevation .
however upon using this product i noticed an indescribable odor that was very unpleasant .
this being said ,  why would someone buy this ?  .
however ,  i d rather have stains over time than have sticky armpits and bo .
my $ panasonic dvd recorder has been running for num_num years now without a single glitch .
i ve had it for about num_num months ,  and you guess it ,  the cd changer broke .
i ve been using a presto num_num flipside belgian waffle maker for several years and it finally died .
i used it several times and found it difficult to properly shave .
it took them less than num_num minutes to figure out their plan of attack .
i was sad to see that this set of dinosaurs doesn t include num_num different varieties .
i was looking forward to using it for resident evil num_extend
when i bought this item ,  it didn t list that it was made in china .
says it itches and is too heavy ,  then adding a phone makes it even more heavy .
i have a galaxy num_extend and it doesn t work too good with my phone .
this is a lot of mouthwash !  unless you are an avid user ,  this will last you a long time .
i pitched what was left and will not be ordering it again .
have been using this machine for num_num months .
my guinea pig doesn t this hay .  .  . its like not even hay ,  it s more like straw .
so far this num_extend battery doesn t seem to last any longer than my num_extend battery .
not pleased how i was misled by these favorable reviews for this product .
when he came back ,  he only picked up elmo and never looked back . the sound quality is pretty poor .
in either case ,  i am through with this gadget and into recycle it goes .
there s no other way to say this :  this product smells bad . fortunately ,  it tastes better than it smells .
this num_extend tub did not last very long . i don t know if it really helped my dog .
it s really unfortunate cuz i really like this case and is exactly what i needed .
this item is simply not worth the money .
other than rinsing with hot water ,  one must remove the top lock and then clean each head .
it doesn t work as described for pet odors . other than satisfying my curiosity ,  this was a total waste of money !  .
at least i bought at the store first rather than buying from amazon .
bought this thinking it would be like num_extend but boy was i wrong .
but i m sending mine back because i can barely walk in them because of the giant size .
it s all just a shooting game anyways with gout remedies ,  i guess i missed this time .
i review most items that i purchase from amazon and rarely do i have to give a bad review .
the only good thing about this product is its cheap .
seems to work well for a short while but inevitably will fail way before the warranty is up .
my feet still didn t feel all that warm .
garber s website about how to use this product :  suggested use :  take dr .
i m afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes .
a hard copy would have been very helpful .
i would not purchase again because it dose not work for me .
i bought this to grind various spices but have been very disappointed with the results .
what i do not like about the game is how weak it is .
really unpleasant to handle . also ,  i washed them num_num hours ago  as per instructions  and they re still not dry .
they need to take the word  prism  off this product .
also it s hard to use on your own ,  much better if someone else is useing it on you .
this item simply costs too much for its quality .
i contacted seiko and they informed me that this was within  normal  specs for this model .
they came with no problems with shipping or anything .
rf just isn t like that . thanks to amazon ,  returning it was easy .
the interior fur feels really ,  really fake so they don t even have that going for them .
what happened to the stainless steel caps ?  ?  ?  they used to come standard .
i had never used strap locks before and don t think i will again .
this would have been a nice slide if i could get it on my finger .
i don t know what i was thinking buying this piece of junk .
i ve tried other kcups from coffee people brands and they were ok ,  nothing to write home about .
i highly suggest staying away from this product .
the only upside is that if you re working on your grip strength ,  these will probably help .
i just want to say that this is a racing game if u haven t already figured that out .
i have used num_num different brands with very few problems recording on a sanyo dvd recorder .
i say save your money  cause it is definitely not worth $ and keep looking .
i am having a hard time finding a phone cover that fits my android note .
looks like the material won t last that long .
most modern smartphone external battery chargers use num_num to num_extend of electricity .
spend more money and purchase a better rail .
i am not complaining about it too much because if was only a $ with free shipping .
i m convinced that with a couple dozen repetitions the plastic involved in the locking mechanism would have broken .
i suffered with this unit for about num_num weeks before i caved and returned it .
it looks like it would work great  mice like tunnels  but it did not .
the coffee was bitter and just had an odd flavor like it was treated with chemicals .
the only thing that is good about this one is howie s voice .
i really wanted to give this one star ,  but that s not really fair to the board ,  which works fine .
since the price is so low $ i am not going to spend the $ to return this item .
the phone was great num_num months ago ,  but now i just absolutely hate this thing .
i m not sure this could have been made out of a cheaper plastic .
i picked this litter because of the price ,  and i guess you get what you pay for .
if the devil had children that hated every living thing .  .  . they would be the ones that designed this product .
i m sure it is a good product ,  but it just didn t work for me .
i ve been doing yoga for so many years i ve lost count .
that s a plus . also ,  had no effect on her car anxiety .
maybe the num_num inch and above would be easier ,  i haven t tried them .
in num_num years ,  i m sure i ll be going back to the garmin system .
the texture is gritty and crumbly . i would not buy them again .
however ,  after about num_num months the connector that you twist to lock the barrels in place no longer worked .
sounded like a great idea ,  but i will not buy this product again .
they are barely held together by string and i think they look very unsafe .
but after only a couple weeks of use ,  it actually started to come apart .
i know this is an inexpensive knife ,  but i ve held cheaper knives with better scales .
i was really disappointed to purchase something loaded with msg .
this item looks nice but i got what i payed for this item is cheap and not well made .
it s too bad to because they really pumped out some good heat on high .
not the protectors fault as i didn t get it to go on the phone very well .
i think that i will stop buying electronics online as the ads can be deceptive .
i am not sure what but it felt like it did not absorb well .
i was very dissapointed with this ,  they could ve done so much better .
as another reviewer noted ,  this detergent left all of our dishes and utensils covered with a white residue .
i couldn t find my former brand anymore  which had lasted num_num years  ,  so tried this one .
if i had wanted to fold regular paper myself i could have just done that without purchasing this .
i might as well have given him a toy camera that doesn t actually take pictures .
this game does that too ,  but from what i understand ,  not as bad as others . oh ,  one more thing .
omg ,  i can t believe they actually advertise it when it does not fit the phone well .
these headsets are not very comfortable and the sound quality is mediocre .
when i turned it on the first thing i thought of was dexter s laboratory .
it takes a long time to get used to using the wheel and the foot pedals .
at first ,  i thought it was me who is not used to this kind of milk .
i was really excited to try this flour after so many great reviews .
after three days of using one ,  the microphone snapped off .
i only have one left so if this one goes .  .  . so goes my front sight .
in the num_num yrs of life i have never had this problem before .
i should have listened to some of the customers on other sites that said this product was no good .
the pen doesn t response well with galaxy tab num_extend
in my case ,  the original batteries lasted num_num years .
we tried resetting it several times but it still wouldn t work .
that happened about num_num months ago .  .  . hopefully it does not get worse .  honestly .
this game reminds me of a much downgraded civilization num_extend
it take you about num_num minutes to play all boards then you are board .
which was amazing .  .  . i just wasted $ on this and they wont take it back .
what did upset us though was that the squeaky mechanisms came out of each and every one of them .
so i am concerned about what is really in the bottles of those three i purchased from amazon .
these are the ones i use : cuisipro stainless steel measuring spoon set .
the only good thing about these gloves is that amazon return them for me .
i m getting tired and skeptical of buying stuff based on reading so many positive reviews .
these nuts arrived quickly and were well packaged however are very stale with no crunch .
first off ,  i d like to say that microsoft ripped the wii u pro controller .
the problem with this wash mop is that the head falls off the handle quite easily .
this would be the same as the other connect num_extend with num_num ways to play .
the worse thing about this case is it only holds the ipad up in the highest position .
i had to try num_num of them before i got one that would work .
but this was a disappointing purchase and i would not recommend these socks to anyone . six pairs of socks .
further ,  they simply do not show up in bad lighting conditions much better than the standard black sights .
this item was great until it stopped working and that was in less than two months .
i have been running for num_num years and know a little about shoes .
so i gave it num_num star because it s not stainlesssteel and i don t trust it .
update : chances are you aren t going to buy this ,  since the latest reviews are num_num years old .
these are old phones with dead batteries or nearly dead batteries .
it s hard to know what caused it ,  but i won t be using this product again .
this screen protector is horrible item it bubbles up really bad .
i can also confirm that my case originated from sri lanka; not thailand like all the previous orders .
as they are ,  i find i don t use them often and would not purchase them again .
i stopped buying from them because it scared me .
this heater does not keep the tank ,  which is only num_num gallons ,  warm enough .
with the internal zip drive this task would have taken about num_num seconds .
this controller is an okay replacement for the original snes controllers ,  but not as good .
buy a crusher made of metal ,  this is a piece of plastic junk .
i don t think this is suitable for women in their num_extend
i have been cramping and miserable for about num_num hours now .
bought this when my baby was about num_num months old to introduce her to the water .
i definitely would not recommend it to anyone with the slightest sensitivity to scented products .
this is not worth money ,  will never use .
the only good thing about this product is that it smells good ,  however ,  i will never use this again .
it has cost me a lot to have my head in the sand about these things .
the overall is still low because of how frustrating this game is .
i cannot justify paying this price  or any price ,  frankly  for a product that does not work .
if you want an android ,  there are several companies that are hungry for your biz .
this is the only item i have had to return to date .
it does not hold a charge for more than num_num shots in a kodak dx series camera .
i do not like this screen protector it don t fit on my screen right because my phone is squard .
i used at least num_num bottles of this stuff and it did not help me .
but for the most part ,  this is the worst i have ever tasted .
i was hoping cuisinart had better quality because of the higher price .
seem abnormally darker than others i ve used and never give a crisp clear view .
i don t think of it much more than a vitamin c pack .
i was really excited to try these cookies when i first saw them in the grocery store .
i gave most of this away as it did not pop much better then orville r .
this product promises much but in my opinion delivers little .
had i read all the other reviews , i would have not made this purchase .
oh ,  lets see ,  if you dont have a num_num hd tv you cant play with this system .
what started all this is i ordered this for christmas for my daughter .
this product does not deliver on its design .
i have had this scratching post for over a month and my kitten won t use it .
this is the third ghee i have tried off of amazon .
i will not be buying anymore from this series ,  sad to say .
cute design but way too small for what i needed .
this died on me after maybe num_num months .
this was a waste of time and money ,  there was absolutely no difference than when it s not used .
paid about $ for this and even that small amount wasn t worth it .
i have been using this gig bag for the past few months .
this is covered by the warranty ,  but the customer service person at seiko was a nightmare .
i know these are supposed to be healthy ,  but these tasted like they forgot to put salt on them .
it makes me feel like i am missing something here .
bag is so small that i am sure that it didn t make much difference .
don t get me wrong it is not a bad tasting cup of coffee ,  it just tastes man made .
i have never worn these ear muffs because they are too difficult to open .
used this regularly for about num_num weeks on my puppy .
i had been looking at this toy for some time ,  reading the good and bad reviews .
i m going to donate this and get myself another tent that ll open from ground up .
this is the most poorly fitting case i ve ever owned .
my dog destroyed this in about num_num minutes .
also ,  you only have num_num locations you play at with the num_num levels .
this mirror worked well initially ,  but overtime the bottom started to distort ,  causing it to wobble .
the game file kept track of my time ,  and the game took that long to complete .
unfortunately ,  i got so busy this month i forgot to return them before my num_num days was up .
this means that each port will get at max num_num milliamps .
if the quality was good ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
this product did not work well for us .
after using it for several months very moderately one of the rotors in the bread pan froze up .
i don t see how anyone could possibly like this game .
they might be better off used as a num_extend layer under ski pants or under jeans when shoveling snow .
i decided to give the company a chance to remedy this situation before going back to amazon .
first ,  you ll need the base plate and you ll need the specific case for your phone .
i have a num_num year old ferret and this harness was way too big .
that s about all i can say really ,  it s just not that good .
brown and golden have the same nutritional value so i never consume one ,  i mix brown and golden regardless .
if you don t ever plan on opening your phone ,  or removing this cover then this is for you .
they have never healed and more have appeared . the screen is tackier than others such as ringbo ,  and softer .
i was an intellivision junkie until i was about num_num years old .
it was also bent and the damage did not occur in transit because it was packaged well .
like most of the other reviewers ,  i give this tuner very poor marks for reception .
first time i used it the cross bars all got too hot and bent .
furthermore ,  these apricots are not really dried; they are really soft and mushy .
this charger just feels a little too light like there s no battery juice .
you probably didn t read my review and already purchased this game along with a tifa body pillow .
sony should have been more considerate to people like me and design a better headphone .
this glue doesn t stick as well as i thought it would .
but sadly i won t be ordering from this seller again .
this glove is not worth more than $ due to the fact that it is only a liner .
i would recommend spending a few dollars more to buy some better ones as these are just bad quality .
this game was a very fast ,  easy ,  boring game .
|i ve been using this mouse for about a week now .
just not worth the money you gonna spend on this thing .
i will probably have to purchase another fluker s clamp lamp .
i felt compelled to write this review based on my bizarre experience with this product .
i wanted something to emphasize my waves a little more but this product didn t do anything at all .
my result using this was not very good .
it made the negatives worse than what they were .
i have had it replaced once and still cannot replace the batteries without losing all the data .
wilton has decided to make a cheaper dispenser box in an effort to save money .
this product would have received num_num stars except num_extend port forwarding does not work .
worth trying once ,  but will not be ordering again .
i ve fed this food before with few problems ,  but it seems their quality varies with the batch .
i ve been biting for num_num years .  .  .  .  . this isn t going to work for me .
after num_num months with no problems ,  the unit suddenly stopped working .
when he gave up ,  my father  someone who can fix just about anything  had a go at it .
with those i had to take them out every once in a while and wipe the sweat off .
i have never figured out how to get the pump out to service it or clean it .
i would not recommend this case for that reason .
comparing this with num_extend is really very tough .
don t make the mistake i made and buy this cheap cast iron skillet .
i would not recommend this brush to anyone ,  save your $ and purchase something worthwhile .
i used this cable for about num_num months every week or so .
so although most people seem to have had success with this device ,  it didn t work for me .
and to think that others had this problem even obtaining black and the description still has not been changed .
my son is num_num lbs and num_num inches ,  and the costume is very long in the legs .
this is by far the weakest halo action figure to date that i have .
they were a waste of money and i definitely do not recommend them .
i didn t even num_num hours straight i passed way more quickly than any other final fantasy .
i don t know what catagory to place this game in ,  i m thinking junk would be a good one though .
we ve had it about num_num months ,  but he s just recently started carrying it all over the place .
ah well ,  at least it didn t cost much .
this is the worst screen cover i ever purchased for my phone .
i have been using my mom s waffle iron for the last num_num years  no exaggeration  .
but that probably has something to do with the macro num_extend
i ve purchased num_num of these collars believing they would work well for our num_num shih tzu s .
i used regulary for like num_num months no improvement at all .
i ordered this in april and when it showed up num_num days later it was missing the handle .
it took about num_num weeks to get this product after placing order .
surely ,  if a system exists that could handle this game ,  they would have more than one .
not at all what i expected after reading reviews .
maybe ,  this model is much better ,  but i don t think so .
i don;t think this is a real speck case ,  but some kind of knockoff .
but after all these years ,  the handles have loosened and they may not be safe to use .
i bought this toy for my num_num year old and he was not impressed; neither was i .
i bought the game a couple of years ago and it still sits there and collects dust .
bought this cause of the reviews ,  but my cats could care less .
i struggled with getting a good grip and just reverted to a comb .
the reason why i don t like it is because it s not that convenient to access the garmin .
we ve been using these cereal dispensers for roughly four years now and ,  frankly ,  just gave up .
i bought these because it says  strong  right on the box ,  and wow is that false advertising .
i would not purchase this product ,  buy another electronic toy .
i would not recommend this product for anyone and i will not get it again .
i found this item to be bland with very little banana nut flavor .
if you don t like it ,  then turn it off ,  it doesn t get simpler than that .
this modem caused no problems for about num_num months of operation then just died .
these make the screen blurry and they don t have a smooth touch .
not only was there no improvement ,  two people i called said that there was an echo when i talked .
if you re a makeup perfectionist like me ,  don t waste your money on this set .
this thing didn t work though as it is not compatible with all infrared devices .
i purchased this router to replace another wireless router that kept dropping connections .
however ,  i started to have headaches start creeping up within a few days .
pig owner ,  i am very disappointed in this purchase .
my dogs were not that crazy about these ,  they are small and to messy for my liking .
i bought this because i have had an awful bout with insomnia !  !  !  !  what a nightmare .
for that reason ,  i didn t try again with a replacement of this product .
the quality of the materials was not very good .
i shoudl ve listened to the other reviews that said about this problem .
someone reported that when he called about the lack of appearence change in this game they just said .
they looked like an xl although they were marked l .
nothing but cheap flimsy plastic . another poorly made product from china .
also ,  the sound quality is muffled and is not stereo quality .
i would be skeptical about buying another item using the measurements and descriptions supplied by this vendor .
i cant believe it is listed for this price with how messed up it came !  not worth $
if that were the case ,  than this product could be safe .
will not waste my money on this again .
it is very cheaply made and the outfit is very cheap . it looks like toysrus product and not disney .
using the product felt awkward and uncomfortable as well but i kept with it for num_num months .
even after num_num washings they still smelled . i definitely will never buy again .
normally i love these ,  but the last batch i got tasted like they had been burned .
i cannot express how uncomfortable this seat was for me .
i do not recommend this bench transfer chair for anyone .
if you like receiving your texts an hour later ,  then this case is for you .
none of my other headsets have struggled to maintain their connections; this samsung drops it all the time .
in fact it became a habit to reboot this router each day when i got home from work .
maybe it works in other situations ,  but not this one .
spend a little more and get something better .
i don t know how anyone could really like this vacuum .
we purchased the didj for our son christmas of num_num when they first came out .
prior to it stop working ,  i would have given in num_num stars .
i have used it multiple times ,  and it does absolutely nothing for my hair .
i used this shaver for probably about num_num years .
i don t see how batter magically stays in something like this without seeping out the seems .
theres nothing worse than to be excited about a new purchase then to have it not work .  .  .  .  .  . twice .
this product was pretty inexpensive so i had no expectations .
they weren t that expensive so what can i expect .
have used other screen protectors and had better luck than with these .
i have lots of experience with computers and networking ,  but could not get this print server to work .
i must say i was very dissapointed with this product .
i would sacrifice more adhesive for a more secure screen protector .
i dont know if this product was replaced with something eles .  . but it not up to the paul mitchell standards .
is that moisturizer in it ?  my hands are sticky ,  unlike any moisturizer i ever used ! i started with the gloves .
this case is really loose on the iphone num_extend
i really had a hard time rating this product ,  being that i was allergic to it .
the station indicator stuck after about num_num months and the plastic film that showed the stations warped .
after num_num weeks of consistent use ,  i see no change .
i m so glad i only bought a sample size .
but he s a rough kid ,  like any num_num year old ,  and the leg snapped off about num_num months in .
i would be skepticil about buying this again .
makes it rather hard to roll that way . i would not recommend that toy .
i bought a pair in num_num and finally wore them out .
i bought this for a gift and it was dead on arrival .
it fits num_num oz comfortably ,  no more . a real drag as they say num_num cups !  .
the problem is ,  the volume being transmitted seems to have been set low from this device .
i have small hands ,  so there is no reason the fabric would be stressed .
they are under twenty bucks ,  so think of them as disposable appliances ,  and expect to replace it pretty often .
i am sure that it will last forever ,  but i don t like the toughness of it .
i would give it num_num stars ,  but probably won t buy again .
this radio should be better than it is for the price .
if you want to feed your dog a quality food ,  find something else .
the machine will fail in very short amount of time .
thanks little tikes for such a horrible product !  .
i kept this printer for almost a year but i finally became fed up and got rid of it .
ugh ! i bought this because of the neutral colors but this disappointed so much .
i haven t been this disappointed since playing blood omen num_extend
i had hoped ,  based on the reviews ,  that this was that headset .
which the handle was longer since you cant get a good grip on it .
this highly anticipated game is now nothing more than a joke .
this isn t the game they said it would be .
i was also very unimpressed with the scenario editor .
this company not only misrepresents what they sell but are also not honest in their communications .
it was easy to set up though but overall ,  i am not happy with it .
hand washed and used these about num_num times now and they are splitting and discolored .
contacted the company in hopes that they will honor their num_num month warranty .
other than that ,  this is probably the worst game i have ever played .
i would expect this from a walmart belt ,  but not a docker s belt .
i have been using henna for a while now ,  specifically red henna hair dye num_num grams .
aha products break some people out terribly ,  and that s what happened to me .
the pan i received was damaged in a way that looked like it was a factory second or something .
it doesn t take long before a barrage of missle is aiming for your cars .
i d give this product negative stars if i could .
on this battery ,  i would get better battery life but average about num_num hours on the same usage patterns .
i dont like this item at all and would not recommend it .
so far this is the only product with this brand that i have not liked at all .
i really like the new foamy soaps ,  but this one does not work very well .
i didn t see any significant curl definition with this product .
this game is not as well made as we older people remember it .
the phone case is cute but provides virtually no protection .
stations that came in clearly are now filled with interference .
my fault ,  though as i should have paid more attention to the size of them .
i recieved this and had used three different brands of optical cables ,  only one of which properly fit .
i was so disappointed because i really like them because they were black .
this will probably not hold up for everyday wear .
i also don t really like how slippery and silky they feel .
i have very damaged hair and this product made my hair even worse .
so ,  though we will be keeping this toy ,  i would never recommend it to anyone .
what a disappointment !  i will continue to order cashews from amazon ,  but not this brand .
i ve bought num_num victorinox knives trying to save money ,  but they all have the same issue .
he asked to explain exactly what the blue tooth controller would do  ?  .
this ,  coupled with the dull stones makes them far less beautiful than the ad photo .
i have experienced this once before when using a murad product with vitamin c .
other than that the blue slide was constantly being taken off by my son .
this is incredibly damaging ,  worse than the stuff that comes in splat boxes .
if your dog has teeth then it will destroy this ball in approximately num_num days or less .
first off ,  let me say i did not order this from amazon but bought it at a dept .
really really bad design . i really wanted to like this game .
the only good aspect to these candy bars are that they are gluten free but they do contain soy .
they just aren t strong enough to pull a spin with such a small maneuvering distance .
spend a little more money on another option this one stopped working in num_num days .
not sure i would purchase from this vender again ,  despite the cheap price .
after three days of using this soap ,  my face was blistering so i stopped .
i purchased this queen size downy mattress num_num months ago from amazon .
i agree ,  once complete ,  material is very hard not like you would expect a clone to be .
no ,  energy drinks do not taste like soda ,  but this has to be among the worse i have tried .
they have a very strong strawberry smell ,  but don t have hardly a taste at all .
they curl on the sides so that they don t lie flat making them impossible to cut on .
this happens all the time because it doesn t keep a charge very long .
dissapointing from this brand where usually i can expect better .
my kids thought they were like a combo of swedish fish and sour patch kids  without the sour flavor  .
i am a nail tech and this didnt have luck with this product at all .
this product has not helped my dog with her separation anxiety at all .
we purchased this item from another vendor over five years ago .
i do not recommend this device to anyone !  !  .
i went to mix this with water and as soon as i did the smell was overpowering .
this is pretty much the worst eyeliner you can get out there .
the hair on these brushes were already falling off !  i was so upset !  i returned them the next day .
take heed people ,  if you want and like jerky ,  do not buy whatever this stuff is .
this rack does not fit in the  jelly roll  sheet pans it is sold with .
received these pens ,  they dont even have the same writing on them as they do in this picture .
i bought this to replace the old samsung charger that i lost camping .
i was very disappointed because i really like my pink cord for my iphone num_extend
i m really hoping this is a counterfeit product .
my dog had this chewed up in num_num minutes !  not worth the money at all !  !  !  !  !  .
it s like these things are made not to maintain a continuous contact where they re supposed to have a contact .
my dog was able to completelydestroy this toy in about num_num minutes .
i could go on but then i would have to keep reliving the short hour i played this turd .
all this started num_num days after using the product .
i have been using hoya filters for years ,  but no more .
charger weighs about num_num ounces which is mostly plastic with a tiny little cable .
very upset !  i began to get a migraine after eating this product .
my original gel pads lasted me num_extend months ,  without my having to take care of them .
bumper cases don t really provide protection for your phone .
absolutely the worst test strips i have ever used .
what lousy quality control this company must have .
i m not happy at all with this cocoa .
first time i tried to use it the top waffle plate fell off .
i was really disappointed when i received this top in the mail .
flavor sucks .  .  . will not be buying anymore of this flavor .
i used this product and my cats have not changed their behavior at all .
on the very first use the unit stopped working about num_num minutes in the job .
all the other reviewers were so enthusiastic about this bowl ,  i figured i would be ,  too .
so even though you paid for them ,  those books really aren t your property .
my feet actually hurt worse with the superfeet inserts and i gave them a good week to break in .
the holes are on the top and bottom of this egg shaped ,  large ,  hard plastic food puzzle .
if you re a batman fan ,  you ll be disappointed with this game .
if only you are playing this game ,  it is really hard because your teamates always do the dumbest things .
i didn t even really want to finish the bag .
the only positive aspect of this cover is the hot pink color .
excellent idea but bushnell really fell down on the job with this one .
never has a product dried out my skin like this .
when i saw these i thought they were the old one s that memmorex used to sell .
as far as i know they didn t really change anything about this game .
on the other hand ,  as someone else pointed out ,  the rubber ring on these things is about num_extend across .
i feel that the seller is dishonest and so they lost a great customer .
i bought this game a few days ago because my pirated copy of knockout kings num_num was malfunctioning .
just because the sock will stretch to my size foot does not mean the sock is the right size .
once again we had to go back and forward changing from one battety to another .
num_num out of num_num cats agree; this is a silly waste of moms money .
i think i will maybe try something with ceremides perhaps next time .
i have to give this a one star rating in hopes that people will read this .
ever since i applied it this morning ,  my face has been itching .
i would not recommend this product for use !  !  .
initially it worked fine ,  but only after num_num months it started causing problems and broke completely .
the inside of this bottle emits very strong plastic smell ,  which to me indicates a lot of leaching .
i ve been using it for couple of months and honestly i do not see any difference .
i have been buying new balance for years because of the wide sizes . im very disappointed in these .
the display does dim at night by sensing ambient light in the room .
i dont know why i thought this would be a good idea to buy because its garbage .
i ve had my pouring shield for about num_num years ,  and only used it once .
i have not had use of the machine for two months already . since january num_extend
would have saved money going with better filters from the beginning .
this product does not moisturize my hair the way i need .
i still have these but not sure if i should give them to our dog .
looks pretty flimsy to me .  .  .  . will be giving this to the num_num year old that joins us in deer camp .
the heads on this product do not work that great .
i could not walk from my bed room to my exercise room without them sliding down in the rear .
for the price though it wasnt worth the hassel .
however ,  the safety issue is a big pitfall of this product .
it did not fit the small fiskars ax it does not fit hatchets very well either .
he doesn t yet play with it ,  but my num_num month old daughter does .
i take a teaspoon of cod liver oil everyday ,  and that tastes like cake compared to this .
purchased this to control directv ,  dvd and receiver that are in a closet .
maybe the other flavors are okay but this one is a definate will not buy again !  .
i feel like this product defeats the purpose of that .
being new to crockpots ,  i hope to find something that truly slow cooks .
i got impatient and ordered this sony to see what i might expect from my pebble .
all their shovels are made there ,  and i have repeated problems with their d handle shovels .
it recharged only twice .  .  . i ll go back to a canon brand and pay the higher price for a better value .
other brands are easier to use and take more abuse ,  but cost twice as much .
we walked farther than usual since they were not pulling and happy .
i wanted something small just for my phone ,  id and money that i could use hands free .
num_num months of usage of this product ,  and the cat has fewer fleas ,  but not no fleas .
the chew the cable line outside ,  they have even been in the house one year .
not effective if your dog weighs more than a couple pounds .
the only really positive thing i can say about this iron is it has alot of steam .
i bought num_num of these for my kids reading timers .
honestly is not worth more than $ so disappointed but not worth the effort to return .
the reason i am only giving a one star to my review is that the picture was deceptive .
the crunch ,  the cashews are just fine but the lack of continuing flavor not good .
i have probably used it a total of num_extend times over the past three months .
in all my life i have never seen such awful quality control as with this brita pitcher .
i bought num_num of these ,  and both of them broke in the first few months .
i didn t mind that they were less comfortable than the gels because they did something .
the belt clip breaks off after very little use .
i feel as if i wasted my money . i have trouble sleeping and thought this would work .
i wouldn t purchase again especially for this price .
this luggage scale doesn t work if you want to weigh a luggage that is about num_num pounds .
after one week i will be replacing this litter ,  so it ends up the equivalent of a $ bag .
however ,  i am fairly certain that if i am getting more acne ,  this product is doing nothing for me .
now this is a game that really isnt worth your money .
i could certainly go on for more than num_num words about how much i hated this coffee .
anyone else have this problem ? also i asked earlier how many people were actually watching num_extend
the problem is that when you take it out of its case ,  your phone is completely unprotected .
have had problems with breakage or dead pixels .
it is like the hard plastic case is too small for soft one .
i don t know if i have thick screen protectors or not but these cases did not fit .
this light is not much better than the sony hvl num_extend num_extend video light .
another rep said to go to radio shack and buy a wireless phone jack ,  which didn t work either .
humm ?  apparently they believe the crimped connection to the wire with these connectors will eliminate this .
the pair that i just ordered from amazon has this same issue so i have returned them as well .
after using this machine for num_num night ,  the motor makes an intermittent humming noise after a few hours .
this item was no good for my macbook pro ,  either by design or this particular one was faulty .
the thighs were a little slimmer than the num_extend but the seat was the main difference .
they were as dense as a brick and tasted like a chemical factory .
i had prostate surgery terp years ago that resulted in both ed and ejaculation problems that have gotten worse with age .
i have used the original powerstep inserts with much success ,  so thought these would be even better :  wrong .
when i first used this item ,  the pins bent and would not charge .
poor sound quality ,  and the other person has trouble hearing you as well .
however ,  the ai is also really stupid ,  and it doesn t have a good strategy ,  even on the hardest difficulty .
i had to chop these chews to feed them to the dogs and they still had trouble with them .
these are made of extremely thin silver ,  that constantly bends .
my corgi doesn t like this toy ,  very much .
if it didn t taste so watered down ,  it would actually be worthy of num_num stars .
not sure why product made not to cover the entire screen .
trouble is the new west bends are not rated very good .
he has had it for about num_num months now and only plays with it on occasion inside the house .
i bought a num_num tin of these and have shot about num_num of them so far .
i have four cats ,  only one will play with this and not very long .
but it will catch your finger or thumb and injure you badly if you are not extremely careful .
they only lasted about six months before holes started to appear .
i did not have much success with this product .
this product uses very cheap plastic for both the case and the inserts .
after trying two other sets of batteries i took the plunge and called the vtech support number .
i will not be buying these ever again .
this device has so much potential ,  but it didn t work for me .
sadly i can t match them in the  regular  size measuring cups as they are being constructed today .
the biggest pain about this product was trying to figure out how it went one after taking it off .
then i wait num_num minutes  the longest allowable time  before attempting to wipe it off .
after num_num months in service ,  the router suddenly stopped connecting to the modem .
this toy was the quickest that they have destroyed a toy .
i ve owned some great films for phones but had a horrible time with this film and rendered unusable .
been using mine for num_num years so far .
i have knocked this opener down from num_num to only num_num star . i would not recommend this opener to anyone .
not very good for adjusting my seat without the num_num mm allen .
this is my third pair of ear protectors and they re the worst .
there were also two chips on the pan ,  which would have caused some issues once i washed the pan .
it just hasn t held up well over the years .
i sent this charger back once i learned it would not accept the droid if it had any case .
this one read about num_num degrees lower than the hg standard .
around the hips very narrow then balloon out basically made like and hour glass .
it was also very difficult to clean ,  even the exterior got to looking very bad .
a few years later ,  many have reading errors ,  and many don t even register anymore .
the plastic band felt very fragile like it would break with the slightest pressure .
i don t know how this got good reviews .
the feeling of this screen protector is just disgusting .
i have three petsafe collars that i have had for num_num years or so .
i should have just bought the alterna i had used before instead of wasting my money .
i went through num_num droid x in num_num months and problem still not solve .
as a result this plantronics model can be used on laptops only when running on battery power .
all three times i charged this fully i never got more than num_num bursts out of it  .
i am very disappointed and wont be purchasing from this seller again .
personally i will not purchase again ,  i am not happy with the quality .
this bar claims to have num_num grams of protein within and i just don t see how that could be .
other than that it will sit on your shelf ,  disappointing you everytime you look at it .
i ,  a num_num year old ,  found this frustrating to use forget my num_num year old .
okay i guess for price but for a clint eastwood few dollars more better quality can be found .
unfortunately ,  these headphones cannot stay in tune no matter how close the headset is to the base .
i think this collection doesn t have good colors .
but to someone who s never played sims before you ll find this game horrible .
is there anything good to say about this game ?  ?  ?  no .
i have a philosophy that will not allow me to buy crummy tools .
this little thing ,  my dogs just didn t enjoy .
i was very disappointed that this product did absolutely nothing for me .
our motorola bluetooth died after many years of use .
the discontinued beef lo mein asian side from knorr was much ,  much better than this .
i thought this would be perfect for grinding meat for my cat but it is far from it .
like others have said ,  these just don t last .
i would never buy a linksys product again after this experience .
also ,  i found the plantronics to be uncomfortable for long periods of time .
they aren t too much worse than ,  say ,  ffiv .
i just can t say anything good about this .
i stopped wearing this about one month after my son was born .
we bought this to replace a broken farberware pot of similar design .
there s a saying you get what you pay for ,  and i wish i wouldn t have bought this item .
i would not recommend this headset to anyone .
this not only looks awkward; it feels awkward .
most of the time the air doesn t blow hard enough to blow the  butterflies  up and out .
i purchased num_num of these cables and they both have static and short out .
the little wrist pad that comes with it broke right away .
this was bought as a gift for my son s first christmas ,  he was num_extend at the time .
likewise ,  the tradeoffs for thebreville num_extend smart grinderalso sounded unattractive to have to deal with .
when i first bought this handy little gadget i didn t know how i had ever lived without it .
i have olive skin  indian descent  and this product barely shows up .
i bought this based on the good reviews ,  but i was very disappointed .
i m a small woman and the headband cannot be made small enough for this to fit .
i would not recommend buying from them especially if you are in a hurry to receive .
so i m going to say that the quality of this product is below average ,  at this point .
i always wash my purchases before wearing them and after the first wash this hood lost it s shape .
the gameplay is the worst i have ever experienced .
even after machine washing it ,  the smell would come back right away .
but ,  that is probably the only good thing that can be said about this game . there is absolutely no suspense .
i m not terribly impressed with this product considering what i spent for it .
chilled body contracts blood vessels that restrict blood flow causing the cramps .
i was excited to receive these because of the good reviews ,  but was disappointed .
i ordered this screen for my phone because mine was badly cracked .
i have to return this item because they were much too big .
will not purchase this specific item ever again .
when i called them about this ,  i was on hold for num_num minutes and then hung up on .
what s the point ?  why not just go outside and play real football instead ?  or even better yet ,  get bent .
i put this product on after i put on my moisturizer and my concealor .
i don t think this whole idea was thought completely through .
it works ,  most of the time ,  but it s terribly annoying .
when she finished eating that in about num_num seconds ,  she proceeded to eat the plastic bowl .
my experience using them in flashlights  fenix ,  sure fire ,  etc  has been dismal .
that being said ,  do not believe the claim that it dries clear .
i have had this mouse for about num_num months ,  with considerable use in fps gaming .
i had never used reed aroma sticks before i tested these .
that being said ,  it is very poorly designed .
it runs about num_num to num_num minutes fast a week .
the icon cut out the background sound almost % while the others still let background noise through .
i bought num_num of these and num_num broke within weeks .
this antenna works ,  but no better than the  in the box  wire fm antenna that came with my receiver .
i don t know if i feel comfortable using this charger again without removing the battery from the car .
also ,  the parts that have stuffing are lumpy and inconsistent . is it better than nothing ?  yes .
what s up with that ? lastly ,  they have the most annoying thing in sports game .
when i opened the package ,  i noticed that the seat appeared a whole lot thinner than the pictures online .
this case was terrible ! very flimsy ,  very pretty ,  very useless .
first shipment came with accessories and no dock .
at the least ,  i thought i might need to worry about it being too much conditioner .
item came minus the extra earbuds ,  and with only one side working .
this is my second vicks vaporizer to die so i won t buy this brand again .
it looks and feels like you are washing your hair with conditioner .
even then ,  you can t turn the wireless radio off ,  like you can with the linksys .
first of all ,  i have no complaints about this product s taste .
i m sending these back .  .  .  .  . i would give num_num stars but i had to give one .
but this thing is more of a gimmick than anything else .
the decorations are nothing more than thin cardboard and stickers which peel off easily . i don t recommend this at all .
strong words for a pressure cooker ,  i know ,  but this thing has been such a disappointment .
i regret buying this phone ,  it s really big ,  and verizon service isn t that great with this phone .
we received this for my daughter s birthday this year ,  and i have to say i was not impressed .
in my opinion ,  children will get hurt using this item .
there was barely enough product for more than num_num applications and it did nothing for me .
i don t use this case anymore for that reason .
sorry to say not only does it not work ,  it looks terrible as well .
i only have one left that works about half the time .
i stopped using this when i finally stopped and read the label .
your experience may differ . i like the handle design being long and angled for which i gave two stars .
this headset performs very poorly with my iphone num_extend
we used this product on a sony vaio running num_extend
don t let it into your home . i came online looking for a replacement battery cover .
now i have to order renew life and wasted num_num days on this product .
this product is to costly to not even last num_num years .
this could be my fault ,  but for some reason i thought these would be sold as a set .
i also had trouble with waring waffle iron and deep fryers .
there s a slightly odd taste about this product that i can t figure out from the ingredients .
it s like putting laminated piece of paper on your stomach and then getting hit .
how annoying . i will never buy another simpletech product again .
i am glad i only bought the small size .
i have doubts as to how long this will last and will update this review as necessary .
this product caused more headaches than its worth .
but i was hoping to charge both at the same time at my desk .
this case makes the num_extend too thick ,  too wide ,  and too bulky .
unfortunately ,  because of the extensive reception issues ,  i cannot recommend this product ,  at all .
gamers  especially the fps variety  will find this an extreme detriment to their gaming ability .
if you like a spicy zing ,  try these pretzels ,  they are not horrible .
hugely disappointed with the failure of this instrument .
the items are thinner and  cheaper  feeling than i expected from a company by the name of henckels .
i received the ebookman num_num as a gift last year and have been frustrated with it ever since .
this product was ordered and payed for by me ,  but not received .
we spent hours passing the pieces back and forth ,  trying to keep them snapped together .
i don t use my cast iron cookware often ,  so i had not used it until last weekend .
why ?  because of the confusing description that is on this webpage .
this shaver misses a lot of hairs on each pass ,  so you must go over each area several times .
the case seems brittle warps fairly quickly ,  it s not very sturdy .
so is $ a good deal for num_num years of performance ?  i m not so sure .
i love this brand but this is a horrendous product that needs altering !  .
i took a chance ,  but this just fit so horrible .
this product barely covers the hip area ,  is tight around circumference ,  and falls off with the slightest movement .
i would like to recommend another but unfortunately i don t know of one .
i see no improvement after using this cream .
it overheats in about num_num minutes and shuts down .
i can t say i like this candy because when i have a piece of it ,  it upsets my stomach .
this is cheaply made and i would not recommend .
i have bought other bluetooth headsets in the past ,  and this one is no different .
it s too linear this time around with lots of scripted and timed scenes .
it s very hard to use ,  as it is a very tight fit for my iphone num_extend
i ordered num_num of these racks from warehouse deals and both came with no hooks .
i sent mine to sandisk at least num_num times .
maybe they need to spend more time on the tea than on someone who is dilusional ?  .
so far ,  i ve found that it doesn t keep ice any longer than my $ coleman cheapo from sears .
i followed the directions  multiple times  and had mediocre results .
upon receiving this knife ,  straight out of the box it wasn t very sharp .
i would not order this again on line because of this reason .
will try to send back ,  and now for a few more words .
it just didn t wash off in the rinse water .
instead ,  the seam of the trigger guard area spread apart so much that i thought it would break .
these pills made me feel really sick ,  so be careful .
bought num_num of these and they are so thin ,  the rod broke after a few cleanings .
this game is unbelievably frustrating i can t believe reflections spent nearly num_num years developing this game .
there is nothing about this product that lives up to it s name .
he used it for about num_num hours on the first warm day in march .
we have used these pans now for num_num years on multiple short and long trips .
i have looked to see if there could be a jam somewhere but just doesn t work well .
this is my first time trying this companies products .
they don t hold the blue tooth in my ear any better than if i didn t have them at all .
for the relative few times i ve used this product it has performed poorly .
it is pretty rare i receive an item that is this bad ,  but it happened with this thing .
i have followed the directions very closely and still no ferning .
if you are planning on using this to charge smartphones ,  be very weary .
i would rate this product without any stars if i could .
the back cover popped off second day !  not impressed with quality of this item .
being under the impression that this is the same model i ve purchased these .
but the panasonic plays num_extend not been able to get much radio reception out of this thing .
update :  i had previously given this product a high rating .
after a couple months the bands began to show signs of becoming dry rot .
i ordered this ball from amazon and it s not actually num_extend in diameter .
i did try this product but it doesn t seem to have worked as well as others indicated .
if you like weak coffee ,  you will like this .
i ordered several other brands and they were stickier .
this is my third otterbox commuter series case  droid x ,  razr ,  and now num_extend
i am just not impressed with this toy .
it is less salty that the ham spread as one other reviewer mentioned .
this does not sound like a turkey at all .
even the better tries have a weird taste that i don t like .
this powder goes on just like a opaque flat wall paint in the flatter areas of the face .
i recommend anyone to avoid purchasing this unit .
ive done this mask about num_num times and absolutely nothing has happened .
these have a chalky film on them that doesn t go away with washing .
the fan blade is made of plastic ,  so ,  theoretically ,  you should not have to worry about getting cut .
i have it for my iphone num_num and thought i should get it for my iphone num_extend
this was the kind of crumbing and breakage that s almost unavoidable in a small carton .
i wish i had listened to the other reviewers who didn t like this product either .
although i received my shipment in a timely manner ,  i was very disappointed with the product .
i bought this kitchen for christmas ,  and i m very disappointed .
i don t know what the people that gave this a num_num tasted ,  but all i tasted was oil .
while it looks pretty good in my kitchen ,  its actual ability to toast is very poor .
if you live in an apartment ,  stay far away from this burr grinder .
its fun at first ,  but then they add a stupid hang gliding test that just sucks .
had worked its way into the case making me feel like my phone was barely protected .
will update with how this is handled . update :  no one can verify if i have men or women s boots .
i am only getting a couple of hours extra battery life than the original battery .
did not like this product  ,  it did not work for me .
this is not the product you want to use for making your tea .
the item took awhile to get here ,  about num_num days instead of num_num even though it was prime .
this is absolutely ridiculous ,  i am furious and frustrated with this hunk of junk .
our two dogs destroyed it within num_num minutes of having it .
stay far far away from this garbage and any other jbl product .
i only bought white because they were cheaper than the retail color sets .
they state that they cannot use organic because there are not enough supplies available .
for the price of this item i expected a much better built unit .
the product didn t do what we hoped it would .
i cannot recommend this product and i would not even give it one star ,  if i could .
i don t care how many idiot parents are going to disagree with this ,  do your research .
this is the worst shaver i have owned .
i definitely won t be using this on my hands again .
and overall just not a well designed product .
the top handle broke off while i was using it after about three months of occasional use .
this is the worst game in my num_num games that i have .
after reading handfuls of horrible reviews ,  i decided to gamble on the stockpot anyhow .
they still referred me to plantronics . com after num_num prompts .
even if it were black instead of white it would have looked nicer .
i have no doubt it will not hold up very well .
this product was noisy and worked for a few days but then failed .
i would not buy this item again and don t recommend it .
the only good thing about this mouse is that it looks decent .
i had several friends try them and they all said the same thing ,  so it isn t just me .
changed rating from num_num stars to num_num because my experience with this product does not get any less annoying .
also the clip is so thin that it s not good with sweatpants or scrubs .
we replaced our food grinder after num_num years of hard use .
i didn t think that was a bad price until i received the bags and felt how cheap they are .
given this problem ,  i would not buy them again .
it does not work with the rca rc num_extend which amazon is bundling with it .
why take a health product that has unhealthy ingredients ?  i won t be buying this again . it has artificial flavor .
its a shame because i was really looking forward to trying them ,  but it is what it is .
this is not my first grinder ,  but it will be my last one like this .
it doesn t take up much storage space either .
these green ones have been giving me a lot of trouble .
i returned them and will stick with a curling iron .
this thing gets very loud squeak after about num_num min .
however ,  this was also my first tinted moisturizer i ve ever had and overall i wasn t really pleased with it .
the wheels are really cheap plastic with what appears to be  melted  areas ,  as if they hit something hot .
i previously had a panasonic which i used for many years and finally wore it out .
my grandnephew did not like it very much ,  but wore it just to be superman for a while .
i did not like having to buy this separately ,  it is poorly designed .
well ,  this product did not own up to doing what it said that it would do for this problem .
i can honestly say that i am not sure how i feel about this product yet .
would not recommend buying this product because of the bulkiness .
unfortunately this left me with  short  shorts ,  which is not a look i am happy with .
after num_num months it quit monitering at all ,  so its now nothing more that a watch .
i would not recommend these speakers to anyone .
you d have better luck with a children s black crayon than with this piece of garbage .
this toy was ripped apart in less then num_num hours .
negativesok ,  i m half way through this game and i have to say that i m not impressed .
don t buy this product ,  i m sure there are other better things out there .
in this summer heat ,  moisture stripping is not what i need .
so i have been ripoff again first doom num_num now quake num_extend
this is the first product i purchased from amazon that did not work as advertised .
my son has had this toy for several months and he s not the least bit interested in it .
this is by far the worst wax i have ever bought .
i should have noticed this from the photo so it is really my fault .
there is pretty much no way to play this if you have a cd burner .
otherwise they fall far short of what s needed in the kitchen .
i didn t like the flavor of these very much .
this is the secoind phone i have tried .
and when it does work ,  it doesn t work very well .
i have to admit i am disappointed with this purchase .
i was bummed by this because there really isn t a healthy gf animal cracker out there .
so what i really was checking via this order was how well they ship . the answer is ,  terrible .
it takes about num_num mins of teasing the plastic around all edges .
this product is completely different !  it burns my nails and i do not like it .
i am trading this in with amazon and then using the money i can salvage to purchase something else .
i didn t remember reading these reviews until i got home with this product .
i have replaced num_num sets of batteries and still the toy doesn t work .
so loud it was embarrassing !  it was also extremely cheap feeling and it was only sharp at num_extend
i think i will skip all atari games after this i had such a bad experience .
total time spent before toy was destroyed ?  num_num minutes by an extremely enthusiastic newfie .
i do not recommend this rice cooker for anyone .
the game is only level after level of dungeon with perhaps num_num different atmospheres that cycle .
i can t believe that they shipped this toy in an envelope and not a box !  .
i had expected from the picture that the product would come with a puff or some method of application .
this item ,  however ,  is not the same quality .
it does what its supposed to do ,  but not very well .
i ve seen much better versions so i would shop around .
i bought this toy num_num minutes ago and it s already broken twice .
i myself ,  if this was my business ,  would be embarrassed to sell this product .
without a doubt this stuff was the cause .
i am furious and extremly disappointed with all the hype c crane company placed on this product .
we had to cut it off ,  a one time use harness is not what we were looking for !  .
this is a terrible shoe !  !  !  !  !  spend a little bit more and get one that doesn t give you blisters .
i never received this before christmas ,  ordered early december and no contact from seller .
they stated they have had alot of problems with fake cases being sold on amazon ,  .
another complaint is that the box states use twice daily ,  but this product did not even last a week .
like others said these are much too porous ,  they look like they will trap only large particles .
i don t think this product is worth the money and i would not recommend it .
so when i used it to scrub my daughter s head ,  i have been sneezing and sneezing ever since .
first off ,  anyone who says this game is better than madden num_num is a retard .
you d be much better off order superpump max by gaspari nutrition for $ with free shipping saver .
i ve had this earpiece for a month now and am very disappointed with it .
otherwise a two year old could play this and it could be won in about num_num minutes .
i have not been diagnosed with ibs ,  so i am not sure if my review will be very helpful .
i see from amazon s product alert that my calphalon was bought in num_extend
i am an electronic technician with over num_num years experience .
i was hoping my experience with it would lean more towards positive .
not happy with this . the jar did not even fit on the bottom cap it came with .
i have tried it over num_num times and cannot tell a difference after taking it .
i really wanted to like this curling iron .
the brush is not spinning even though the cleaner belt is fine  i replaced it anyway  .
though this broom looked nice online and received good reviews ,  we were disappointed when it arrived .
once again i have a useless omron product .
this watch must have very cheapautomatic mechanism ,  it doesn t stay wound for long and goes dead on you often .
bought this for my son s samsung galaxy num_extend and it does not fit .
never had a problem with the screen going blank .
i don t think anymore should have to wait more than num_num hours for a videogame to pick up .
i used this once a day for num_num months .
they look l like they would work great ,  but they don t .
beware ,  it may seem like a great cheap item at first ,  but it could turn on you too !  .
i just don t know what kind of tongue can stand any stevia .
they re both brush back pitches and brush backs usually make contact . there is no way to do instant replay .
he works inside so apparently these didn t offer anything special for him that his others didn t .
i wish they made them like they used too .
if this was a wired headphone i would give it num_num or maybe num_num stars .
these were nice size wisbut found them to be not the color they appeared to be .
where i might have about num_num moths stuck to the safer brand ,  i have over num_num on the catchmaster .
when in actuality ,  it probably wasn t previously priced for more than what i paid for it .
these were not horrible but not good either  , t hey tasted more like plain fig newtons .
however ,  after a couple months  the bottle lasts a while  it smelled horrible .
had the ingredients been listed ,  i would not have ordered this product .
and this will be too small for him . probably good for a smaller breed .
the second one came and was no better than the first one .
you will notice right off the bat that this is not the best quality .
i would not recommend this product to any one .
they come in coiled or num_num ft straight versions .
they had to have tested this on a chihuahua and nothing bigger .
i would only recommend buying your things through amazon only .
this happened the first time i opened each of the four canisters ,  not after using them even .
i bought these boots on november num_extend num_extend which is one year and num_num days ago .
i just don t understand it ,  it s not rocket science but this thing will not read on my touch screens .
the controls are also some of the worst i have ever encountered .
this is basically a very cheap plastic case .
reading the other reviews ,  i know i am not the only one with this problem .
our dog enjoyed playing with the toy but it was completely destroyed in num_num minutes .
kill ,  kill ,  kill and kill . something wrong with my review ?  yes ,  redundancy ,  awkward ,  and brainless .
i ve heard this morning on the radio about this water .  .  .  . looked up online .
i thought this would be an interesting drink ,  but it tasted too much like a jolly rancher candy .
this case feels awful pulling the phone out of your pants pocket .
it will lock but not until it can download the entire gps almanac  about num_num minutes  .
many people have been wrongly diagnosed with diabetics for years while the main culprit was low vitamin d .
i read some reviews that it smells like horse urine .
like all of these that i have owned over many years ,  it is loose .
they have a plastic taste ,  they could have more flavor and a little more sugar .
there is nothing wrong with this cell cover .
it s so weak ,  i will never buy this again .
of course ,  the lcd stopped working just after warranty ran out ,  that was years ago .
i purchased this for my grandbaby and it was very tart ,  she didn t like it at all .
for this price ,  i would expect much better performance .
after i first apply it ,  the smell is like that of opium perfume .
unfortunately ,  it does not seem to work with macs as advertised .
this timer is just a little more complicated than it needs to be .
i used these because they claim a warranty .
i ve had it just over num_num years ,  and now to replace the rotor is a num_num dollar service charge .
the coffee flavor is very faint ,  there isn t much sweetness either .
bottom line i would not recommend this product for people with fine or thin hair .
fortunately ,  i paid less than $ for it but even then it s not worth it .
this drink left me thirsty ,  which isn t good when said drink is supposed to quench your thirst .
this is all that went well . in the heat ,  this product barely lasted num_num minutes .
once he did everything there was to do ,  he grew bored with it and just talked on the phone .
replacing a different conair model that lasted for over num_num years .
the materials ,  workmanship and parts are not top quality for a product that is not inexpensive .
in addition ,  they look like over the ear ,  like scoshe ,  but they are not .
i ve never had problems with hair color before so assumed this would be no different .
i wouldnt purchase this again so dont waste your money .
however ,  this num_num pack has given me many problems; they have many write errors and won t erase correctly .
i used this and the patches for about num_num months .
this mirror does not really work with my sunglasses .
hands down ,  this is the worst blender i ve ever used in num_extend years in the kitchen .
probably wouldnt puchase this type from this seller agan .
they were given to me both of them have had problems with shorting out .
i have bought num_num more because he buries them to play with later .
i had alot of problems with this cable with num_num different subwoofers and num_num receiver .
the case came pretty fast in the mail ,  however the case did not fit my phone .
also the list price is too high on this amazon site .
it does what it s supposed to ,  but it s loud !  the motor itself isn t bad ,  but it vibrates .
i have tried it in num_num different vehicles all with the same result ,  rubbish .
just to make sure it wasn t a fluke ,  i load another num_extend this time everything is ok .
i have had a pair of low frye boots for years and have been wanting a tall pair .
unfortunately ,  the problem with those three is that they re limited to small items .
i was looking for something small for dipping drops of neutralizer for my num_num gallon fish tank .
the price to return the item was not worth returning it would cost me more than what i paid .
i used this for about a month and did not notice a difference whatsoever .
i tried it twice and it would not work .
the otterbox commuter series for droid is the worst otterbox product i have ever bought .
it was disappointing that this product didn t work the way i was told it would .
people are constantly telling me that i sound muffled and unclear .
after trying this ,  i ll be sticking to the better natural way of doing it .
i was not impressed with the quality of it for the amount i paid for it .
after using these ear plugs i decided that i didn t like them at all .
and the taste that lingers in my mouth is even more cardboard .
these batteries are useless ,  and amazon should cease dealing with the vendor who advertises them .
if i had bought them for myself i would have sent them back already .
i stopped buying ea games last year and will continue to not buy them .
they do look cute but i will not be getting these again .
if that does not work out ,  i will return the other ones .
i originally purchased this when i was toilet training my cats  now abandoned and using a litterbox  .
i sent this back it was the wrong case didn t fit my phone .
i spent more time cleaning this litter box than i did the old fashion kind .
this thing only works if you weear contacts because the go in the inside of the glass .
had them in my shoes for less than num_num minutes and i felt blisters starting to form .
this is the absolute worst product i have ever used on my hair .
i bought num_num bottles of this because i have never had side effects with any supplement .
here you have to load each bullet into your gun .
this is no miracle product . have reverted back to scrapping and brushing my corgi s teeth .
i ended up doing a total of num_num % water changes to get this product out of the water .
this product did not feel very moisturizing ,  but it made me break out .
i bought ,  exchanged ,  and then returned this unit .
i ve used this brand before and bought a pair from amazon a few years a ago for my grandmother .
its ok if its cheap ,  but there are much better battery packs out there .
i was using this for a while before i began noticing some negative side effects .
since that was part of why i purchased this toy ,  i am returning it .
i have ordered this case on july num_extend num_num and i have still not recieved it in the mail .
definitely not worth the few dollars you spend on them .
this is a cheap pump that didn t last long at all with only minimal use .
i had nothing but bad luck trying to make pasta with this junk .
i would not recommend this game to the majority of gamers .
nonetheless ,  i am sorry to report that i cannot recommend this product .
i ve tried using this blush a few times and it just doesn t show up on my skin .
i have been using brita pitchers for years .
but what really made them noticable ,  was when they came out of the dishwasher with rust spots .
this case looks nice in the picture ,  but when i received it ,  it didn t look near as nice .
after a couple of days of use ,  my skin started breaking out .
the pill splitter broke the very first time i used it .
i followed the directions for having num_num cups go through the coffeemaker prior to actually brewing coffee .
used this in the winter timemade my hair feel soft but at the same time weak and dry .
but i would not recommend this to anyone .
i tried a number of different techniques ,  and honestly it just was not worth the time or effort .
i got a free sample this time ,  and i cannot see actually paying money to buy this product again .
the most sickening thing about this cream is that it gave me a break out which is rare .
i wonder if motorola just doesn t make a good product anymore .
if i owned an iphone i suppose it would have been nice .
i purchased november num_num with expiration date sept num_extend opened jul num_extend
this would be an awesome case if it didn t have that issue .
useless product . i will never purchase anything made by  fellowes  again .
aside from that though ,  it has what to me is a major and disqualifying flaw .
this unit is proprietary !  you can not convert  . html ,   . txt ,  or anything else ,  into the  . rb format .
i have never seen any products that are fragile like this one .
i just bought it about num_num hour ago played it for num_num min .
you can send them back but they are just the same .
i have a num_num gallon nano mixed reef tank with num_num fish .
i have to use the num_num inch shield for my num_num inch corningware pie pans .
the screen protector shield that is included with this case cover does not fit the iphone num_extend
it appears to have undocumented compatibility issues with windows xp .
if you are looking for expansive areas to explore and wander about in you will be very disappointed .
i really wanted to like this little thing ,  but it just plain doesn t work .
not what i expected from desert essence products .
use to be subscribed to this until it jumped by % in price . so better off buying locally now .
they came all dry and like others have said i just put water on them and they worked again .
i tried this and a few others ,  but they didn t work well for me .
i cannot imagine using this tool in thick grass or hard dirt .
i have used it a couple of times ,  and it makes my hair look dull .
i try really hard to not have nipples show ,  so this for me is a deal breaker .
does not work as well as other brands .
after reading the reviews on amazon and other sites ,  i decided to try pariah .
the second unit worked for about num_num minutes and then totally quit  would not come on  .
sorry eagle claw ,  this product only gets one star from me due to a lack of durability .
these booties would stay on no matter how tight we made them .
i would not recommend this bumper to anyone .
however ,  personally ,  my results cannot testify in favor of this product .
i would give this to someone i hated .
this is the worst grill i have ever owned .
i don t recommend this tanner based on my experience .
the reason i gave these jeans a num_num is because they shrink .
i could hardly get them over a num_num inch can and they are still not comfortable .
this mango ginger habanero sauce is nothing special in my book ,  for several reasons .
i bought them as a gift and was too embarrassed to give them .
the picture of the product makes these look very plush but they are not .
i was hoping for more and i think ea games could have made this much much better .
i would strongly suggest you to invest little more in a better adapter .
the company that designed this product must not have tested it much and don t recommend it at all .
i tried to place it at several levels and it didn t work so well .
you can go on ebay and pay many times more than the original price for used furniture .
i m assuming that the electronics in this charger is geared toward motorola only .
this vacuum lasted me only about num_num months .
aside from that ,  the strap kept riding up into her eyes .
this game could have been so much more ,  but instead ,  it s just sickening .
these broke the first time i used them .
it s never a good idea to have a holster or clip that doesn t have something that covers the trigger .
also ,  they do not fully cover the screen  poor cut  .
i threw them out ,  would not recommend to anyone .
i bought this based on positive reviews ,  but it didn t work out for me .
i bought this for my girlfriend and she hated it .
these num_extend airtime phones make cell phone costs within just about anyone s budget .
and with only half ,  this bag was about % bigger than my fully stuffed toiletry bag .
and it is not as good as my favorite theater popcorn .
used it for about num_num grinds per year ,  or total of num_num times .
big mistake . i will never buy from this company again !  .
i then noticed that the flairing only happened when i turned on the is .
did all the requirements of breaking in a new battery but still does not hold a good battery life .
you have to take the phone completely out of the case just to charge the phone .
he doesn t show much interest in the toy even with treats in it .
i tried three more times with the same results .
it sometimes cuts off when moving large amounts of it .
would not purchase again and those who may enjoy candy would like this item .
as with all supplements they can make unsubstantiated claims and that is the case with this item .
when my last one died ,  i bought both this and a small battery operated one by remington .
:   if u develop calluses like me i would not recommend this product for you .
i knew there was a reason i have never purchased item you recommend to buy with items purchased .
needless to say ,  it is almost impossible to move like other reviewers have stated .
most of them use the sony ccd sensor ,  which has been failing like crazy as of late .
i have had this phone for only two months and i am now unable to use it .
it s probably much more realistic than other wwii shooters ,  but it gets annoying very fast .
i think it worked ok as a decongestant ,  but i don t plan to buy this anytime in the future .
as other reviewers have noted ,  this is a poorly constructed immersion blender .
i would not recommend this product to any one and i will be return this to the store .
although this litter clumped really well ,  they need to get rid of all thatdust .
this was ,  without a doubt the worst final fantasy game that i ve ever played .
half of these were pretty bad ,  very wavy glass ,  i would have been embarrassed to ship them .
this does blast air across the sensor ,  but it doesn t seem to remove much .
it has the potential to be great but sadly i couldn t care less about potentials .
i would not purchase it again or recommend it to a friend .
i had read elsewhere that this tasted like a starbux product .
they are a little stronger than num_extend manila envelope metal clips ,  but not much .
based on reviews i bought this ,  but it useless .
the steel appears to be non corrosive but only time will tell .
unfortunately ,  this product failed in so many ways . first ,  it doesn t grind coffee fine enough for espresso .
i only used it occasionally ,  so it s not like there was excessive use .
but there is something else that is wrong with going with a tool like this .
battery life was meh at best ,  sound quality was not very good ,  and i hated itunes .
this car does not drive on the wall !  !  !  !  if i could give this car negative stars i would .
these glasses are not oversized and would not buy them again .
the instructions were for two different targets ,  neither of which were the one i bought .
finally each enemy has a certain way it must be killed making the game even more ridiculous .
the season was constantly boring and repetitive and the graphics were decent but it could have been better .
i would not recommend this for large dogs .
this item has rough edges and broke when i tried to put it on my phone .
just because they have a website doesn t mean their a good company . like crap ,  buy seidio .
this toy showed immediate wear by my num_extend puppy who isn t spastic with toys .
every month i get a new bug ,  .  . after num_num months the phone is almost unusable . bug num_extend this is the worst .
we love oxo products ,  but this one is not one of them .
i wish i d read reviews before buying this .
it just seems like they ran out of time to polish these things in the game .
but i will never ,  and i do mean never use this crap on my face again .
i used them mainly to listen to music and audiobooks ,  and to take an occasional phone call .
troy glaus drove in more than half my runs .
when i put them on ,  they looked more mannish than i expected .
after reading the reviews i was anxious to get this product .
i really wanted to like this lip gloss ,  because of the various colors and the brand .
i have gone through more of these gizmos than i care to tell you .
this machine seemed to be handy because it had two applicances in one .
not a good drink if you are a diabetic or are trying to lose weight .
and gazillion does have great bubbles ,  but the machine sucks .
this game could do alot better than it really did .
i bought this game based on the reviews ,  but ,  it s very dated and not fun .
very very disappointing and for the price not worth it to me to only have num_num different sizes .
this is the saddest excuse for a game i have ever seen .
i read many of the rave reviews ,  but this was one amazon purchase i have regretted .
i didn t benefit from this product and will not recommend it to anyone .
this battery is num_extend does not retain charge : when it arrived i charged overnight to full capacity .
so after the first time i never used it again .
just as cheaply made and works as badly as original that i got from samsung when bought my phone .
not impressed with these ,  wish i had not ordered them .
this is the most disappointing product i have ever ordered .
and lastly adds too much bulk to the phone .
honestly ,  though ,  the acidity is so high and unpleasant here that i d recommend just staying away from this flavor .
i had the unit about num_num years and without warning it just stopped functioning .
this is not a bright pretty red polka dot case .
like the title says ,  these are just junk .
after num_num weeks ,  it has not faded ,  i still have that dark mark due to applying this .
i guess that s really why warehouse deals reduced the price .
i ve tried several other brands but am not getting the regularity i expect from a probiotic .
i would say that i have about $ invested in it including games .
i have to replace this $ investment with other rice cooker after using it for num_num years .
very small ,  color is dull ,  and they don t look as nice as you would think from the picture .
snapped off the belt clip in less than a week just getting into a car .
this product has ruined at least num_num perfect home manicures i did .
a few of the kitties played with them on the floor ,  but they don t eat them .
had this for num_num months and this is not very stable .
for the price i would have expected better .
if somebody really wanted to steal form you ,  they could probably snip this with a pair of wire cutters .
ubisoft support does nothing . after all this ,  you d think they were protecting a really nice game .
because it s a silly product : at first i was very skeptical about this device .
what was not fine was the glue that held them together .
it s good enough to use but just annoying .
i love meguiar s products but this wheel cleaner was a waste of money .
all num_num cats seemed to enjoy it ,  but i will not be buying it again .
our older dog has bad breath and i thought this would help .
i hope that when i brew the coffee ,  i do not have additional issues .
that might have been the factor in its death . i purchased the card refurbished with a warranty for about $
i wasnt going to climb mountains with this thing ,  but dang .
i did not like this product  ,  it felt no difference in my hair .
same oldstyle outdated movements of characters as the very num_extend resident evil which is almost num_num years old .
hope you get no calls or don t need to interact with the screen much .
i have decided to stop taking this product because of that pain .
i would look for something else if i didn t already have this .
i would definitely not recommend this product ,  even as a donation to animal shelters !  .
it might be because of my very pale skin but i did not like this product .
just threw them out and just purchased another brand that had higher ratings .
this mug is hard to clean and does not keep your coffee hot .
after discharging and recharging the battery ,  i realized the battery can only last less than a minute .
this gave me a yeast infection ,  not sure if that is supposed to happen .
the outer flap doesn t seem to pull tight enough to fit snug against the pack ,  feeling not so secure .
i still can t understand why not ,  but trust me because of this you will get annoyed .
not at all impressed with this case seeing how much you have to pay for it .
i gave this case away or else it would ve just collected dust in my drawer .
the negative reviews were not enough to stop me from making the purchase .
it s also flimsy feeling ,  nothing like the jansport backpacks that i had when i was in school .
i will not be buying this again ,  ever .
i decided to blindly purchase this earlier anthalogy .
even with all that game play ,  it never got boring for us .
she is obsessed with our laptop ,  but doesn t like this one .
i have fine long hair and this brush just didn t go through my hair and do anything .
i used num_num screen protectors but i could not apply them without bubbles or pealing shortly thereafter .
coffee coffee pot form costco and it stopped working after about num_num months .
this cleanser made my skin dry and tight the first time i used it .
the largest brush is about as thin as a mechanical pencil led ,  and about num_num inches long .
in contrast ,  i have had many problems with energizer aas used in digital cameras .
games very much but i did not like this sim .
otherwise ,  you ll be in for a lumpy experience !  !  !  and who needs that !  !  ! these shoes will be staying in the closet .
i have not had very good luck with these particular ones .
the battle system was a good attempt ,  but didn t work too well .
this food must have a lot of salt or something .
really .  .  . i cannot overstate how poorly this item is made .
i have also noticed some dry patches on my face since beginning to use this .
this is the worst generic gta ever made .
after num_num weeks of using this product my condition has not gotten better and has not gotten worse .
motorola has stop making the razr num_extend some years ago .
when run in the bundle with the num_extend cables this cable would only connect to the switch at num_extend
it looks just like the pm indicator which is to the left of the display .
don t order this item unless you want to pay twice as much as for a set of philips num_extend
the second split about num_num months later and then split in a second location about a month after that .
i have no use for a product that doesn t do what it was advertised to do .
i didn t realize this product had so many herbs and spices in it ,  such as turmeric and ginger .
this cover did not fit and i had one just like it and i didn t have a problem .
so ,  the majority of you with shorter hair will likely have different results that i did .
i would not recommend this product nor will i buy it again .
it worked great for about num_num months but has developed the same problem the previous cable had .
i have been using spirulina for years and years .
really hard to get the spots that are difficult to clean .
but this particular copy freezes up in the same spot every time .
of course this made me very unhappy because i would get great pictures with the sony discs .
ha ha  seriously though ,  save your money on this version of the chinook  .
only a little over a year and now it needs repair .
after using this clay i just assumed clay was a pain to use .
that made the plug to not fit in my ipod touch when i had the case on my device .
i didn t like this product because it was very fragile .
i ve read rumors that cetaphil contains sls which is known to irritate some people s skin .
better try another brand ,  or spend a buck or two more to get a better product .
seems like more time was spent on advertising than the actual fragrance .
the songs this thing plays are really annoying as well .
was expecting a nice heavy top quality bead for the price i was paying ,  definitely not what i got .
they were expensive and did not fit well .
$ to try on a pair of shoes ?  i won t buy from this seller again .
i could not get the right leverage with the pointed part of the scoop .
this procter does not stick on my device can i have a refund .
i ve been doing this nearly every time since receiving the spray and no change .
but i dont really feel like this did anything .
i really wanted this to work because i want to stop using secrets clinical deoderant .
the battery that came with the watch lasted almost num_num years .
just not the quality i have come to expect .
this is apparently a common problem with the operating system  .
what more do i need to say ?  i bought about num_num different containers and all of them leak .
i have ruined several meals with this unit with the latest being num_num lbs of skirt steak .
it would likely cost me more to return it then i paid ,  so i will just keep it .
unless you have a dainty child with a very gentle touch ,  this is not a good choice .
that s not the way to do business and i won t buy from these guys again .
i don t know if this stuff actually works because i don t want to put it on my skin .
finally ,  as another reviewer mentioned ,  the packaging on this is a real pain to open .
they don t grip nearly as well as my previous tweezers .
between my kids we have tried lots of sites and this is hands down the worst .
i like to change phone covers often and had difficulty getting this one off my phone .
i ve thought about drilling a hole in it so i could fill the bottom with sand .
these are without doubt the worse socks i ever purchased .
when i received this i was quite disappointed as this thing is so small .
this anker battery did not work no better than my original one .
i thought maybe it was just a bad connection ,  but playing with the headphone jack did nothing .
i am sending it back and hopefully farberware can figure out what is wrong with their stainless steel .
it seems like businesses always complain that they have too few employees .
i just will not order this product again .
after eating one ,  i would typically be hungry about num_num minutes later .
i purchased this item and it never really worked well in either of my car sockets .
then there were a few that came with both sides the sticky side ,  and you couldn t peel them apart .
i was disappointed that it didn t work for more than num_num months .
this product would have been hg if i didn t have sensitive skin .
i may have gotten a bad batch ,  but my gut feeling is this is old product .
they were almost there .  .  . why won t anyone make a refill that fits my bmw you d sell a boat load .
i m not very impressed with the moroccan oil line .
i hate leaving bad reviews ,  but i honestly hate this product .
i used this router for num_num years with firmware num_extend and vpn on all the time .
it s not really appropriate to wear for anything else because it basically looks like you aren t wearing a bra .
why would they send a small top and a large bottom ?  it was huge !  .
not going to be a third time as they will be going in the trash soon .
i have used this particular head collar on four different dogs with mixed results .
got the red ring of death today after only num_num months of use .
i m talking about items that weigh less than num_num ounces .
no conflicts of interest there . would not recommend to anyone .
for now ,  i am on to about my num_extend or num_extend iphone case in less than num_num months .
the color ones ,  such as the clie num_num are great but there s no wireless modems to go with them .
after using this product ,  it seems more of a gimic versus something really necessary .
i have tried everything i can think of to use this grill without food sticking to it .
i don t think i will buy another set of earrings like this .
i purchase num_num piece of this screen protector but i only tried two of them .
sadly this is too tight and smaller around the neck than the others of the same size .
the only problem i had was getting the shotgun shells that hold the ammunition to keep the bb s inside .
i will not be buying this product any more .
although i really try ,  i cannot get good results with it .
i don t think i will purchase this again .  .  .  . too oily for me ,  and doesn t do very good job either .
those of you looking forward to playing as solid snake again will be sorely disappointed .
this is the worst hair product i have ever seen .
the only issue was the suction cup would not stay secure for more than num_num minutes .
its ok ,  but seems not that much different from local cheaper brands to me .
i will probably try to find another radio that has better reception .
i ve written other rave reviews ,  but unfortunately i think the bad reviews get more attention on here .
i tried both swallowing and chewing them ,  but they just aren t working for me .
pump does not last very long before dying .
my num_extend doberman destroyed this in under num_num minutes .
i would not feed this product to my dogs on a regular basis ,  if at all .
i would have paid up to $ more for this bag to be made stronger .
i m really not sure why people like this game .
this stuff stinks to the highest but my hair comes out pretty detangled .
would have been recommended if they were separated from the beginning .
i returned my unit in the original box with all accessories .
i don t get all the hype about this particular product .
and the gloves are latex !  they should be nitrile gloves to avoid problems with latex allergies .
even though these are not considered healthy alternatives ,  coke and dr .
i could have just gone without this product to be completely honest and saved my money .
i ve had this food processor for not quite num_num months .
i ve bought these a couple times and both times they didn t last very long .
they would leave it in their bowls ,  which is the ultimate thumbs down for them .
i have not had any issues with my new mirror .
i don t really have anything else to add that the other reviewers haven t already stated .
this is frankly the worst game i have ever played .
i have found that i have no patience for molds that don t come apart .
he has since bought yet another cable because this one wasn t exactly what he wanted .
just bought this game an hour ago .  .  .  . this game sucks .
worse thing i have ever bought on amazon .
this will make you look like bozo the clown .
i contacted amazon and they immediate sent me another one that does the same thing .
my last weber lasted num_num years and i can t imagine why this one wouldn t do the same .
but ,  if you do happen to own these or still want them ,  the demolishion game isn t that bad !  .
weakness being lack of good kids stuff just my two cents  : o  .
i would not buy this compass !  let`s hope i never need to use it .
others have said they fit well ,  but that was not my experience .
this adaptor will not charge an ipad and an iphone at the same time .
i have never been so fustrated trying to get a game to work .
i recall reading something like this about this product or something similar .
it doesn t get much easier than that . zip drives are seing the end of their days .
the monsters in this game aside from the zombies are terrible and look like garbage .
honestly it s hard for me to imagine the kind of facial skin that would benefit from this much exfoliation .
this stuff is expensive and that may be why they put so little in each tablet .
doesn t protect screen if phone place face down  doesn t cover the edges with a good lip  .
all this thing does is smear the dry black gunk that comprises the polishing tip .
i ve used my mityvac num_num less than num_num times .
i purchased this pot because it was the one shown in the coffee brewer s illustration .
at the first sign he took this product and it did not seem to do anything .
this actually deserves no stars because it is now a useless piece of plastic .
so know i have this eyeliner that i will never use again ,  waste of money for me .
cheaply made ,  low quality fleece ,  and not worth the money .
i won t be coming back for more of this .
otherwise though ,  i think i d rather stick with using twine .
i was so looking forward to making a cool place for my elderly dog in the hawaiian summer heat .
num_num stars only because shipping was fast and material was soft .
the pillows were fine ,  i did not have a problem with them .
the only good thing about this game is its different than the usual halo or unreal online .
i tried buying another set of stoppers and having my husband seal them as well as myself .
because of this ,  if you are only looking for a single player experience ,  i would not recommend this game .
i also did not like the shape this bra gives the ladies .
ok ,  bought this model because it was the cheapest burr grinder i could find .
nobody would smell this and think of cologne or aftershave; it s not even in that ballpark .
i was hoping to purchase at amazon , but no way . hopefully they will lower their price .
after purchasing this ,  i found that i still wear my cheap beach dress instead .
bought num_num of these ,  one for each bike ,  to help discourage chasing dogs .
the infuser basket doesn t sit well and gets stuck when you try to take it out .
they also fall off faster than other brands i have used .
i just want some normal looking adventurers ,  yet many of the models are too strange looking .
this product is expensive and it isn t all that high in quality ,  to be honest .
they didn t taste much like the fruit they were supposed to represent ,  either .
but i am going to change this to one star  cannot recommend  because the feeder leaks like crazy .
num_num years later ,  it still charges and runs ,  but it never gets used of course .
thought this would be a much tougher toy .
all i expect is something to kill time on a trip or just sitting around .
unfortunately ,  catwoman will surface on store shelves before this review appears .
it does not work well at all it stays gooey no matter what you do .
overall ,  this was not the quality i expect from birkenstock  or amazon  .
i picked up this dvd player from sears in march num_num for about num_extend
cuisinart used to be the name in kitchen appliances ,  but they have hit rock bottom with this .
totally unnecessary ,  just a sop to people who want their dog food to look pretty .
i ordered this deodorant because i am trying to make natural changes in my personal care products .
if you are looking for quality in a lens of this focal length and price range ,  avoid this lens .
this kitchen is ok ,  but there are much better kitchens out there .
it broke the first time i tried to use it ,  completely fell apart .
the last email i sent was num_num days ago and i have received no response .
the only thing i didn t like was that after about three months  if that  i d broken it .
this toy started leaking within the first num_num hours .
but this game is just sim city num_num with better graphics .
not what i expected at all .  ,  broke within num_num minutes of it being on the phone .
they both have a problem with static on the headphones side of the equipment .
also left out of this one ,  is the plastic stand that they usually come with for displaying .
i would not repurchase another one if these cases ever again .
i have used the beeswax uco candles in the past and these aren t them .
this item arrived one day late ,  defective ,  and dirty out of the box .
very disappointed and would not purchase this again .
the adapters are so cheaply made that they don t attach to the pod very good .
these are not the same size as the bunn basket filters i have been buying at walmart .
really disappointed that stockmar is misrepresenting its product ,  these are not % beeswax like they state .
i bought this based on reviews !  and it was a pricey mistake .
however when we received this package all the chalk was broken .
i m only num_num chapters deep into this game and i accomplish that in less than num_num hours of playing .
after using this product for several months i have a few gripes .
it s very citrus like and dry just like the women s version .
i m on an amd semptron num_extend with num_extend of ram and an ati radeon num_num graphics card .
i really don t like the fact that you can t build two story houses .
i should have exchanged it ,  but i didn t have the time .
my advice :  don t frustrate your child with this product .
i would not recommend it this litter box ,  except perhaps for kittens .
this unit looks cheap ,  cost cheap ,  and performs cheap as well .
these are some ugly folk !  i am not saying they are not well done ,  they are .
i think this deodorant is pretty stinky and could have been made a little better smell .
i m just wondering how other people saw any improvement with this sham product .
if the  baby glock  is too small for your hand ,  this might be exactly what you need .
i had been using these pillows for more than num_num years at the suggestion of my chiropractor .
i bought two of these ,  one worked and the other never worked at all .
they look strange with so much footbed sticking out beyond the strap .
i know they weren t expensive but these look cheap .
we haven t had problems with the seat reclining suddenly ,  just the tray flying off when you least expect it .
yes the same diamond pet foods that had their food recalled ,  where they were using a toxic chemical .
nokia may yet redeem itself but so far they re not doing very well .
the bottle will probably last me at least num_num months to a year .
best bet would have been to send back to amazon but was num_num days out of full refund window .
i actually start to brake out but i m not sure if it is because of this product .
this scope mount is not of good quality ,  metal is very rough .
live and learn ,  i will never purchase an aliph or jawbone product again .
the taste on these are just not right and what i was expecting .
let me explain why . first these headphones to me don t fit in my ears well ,  even with the various tips .
there is no way i could dapple this product ,  wait a few minutes and then go about my day .
these junk ingredients do not make the nuts taste awesome enough to put this garbage into your body .
the picture does look like the one that came with my htc phone .
you ll just find yourself making your current lenses look amateur .
to keep this review short ,  i just don t like it very much .
i cannot even begin to express my frustration with this product .
if left on its own it took a little over num_num weeks before it went away .
basically ,  it was ,   tough ,  you dropped it .  well ,  i did drop it ,  so they re right .
these just don t seem all that well made to me .
some scene just makes no sense and you don t understand why you doing this or that occasionally . the gameplay is .
i hope this is not what we have to look forward too in homeworld num_extend
how many times do you want to do that ,  especially with what they are charging ?  .
what a mess !  !  i would not recommend this cage .
even from day num_extend this thing spun way too slowly and seemed way too high maintenance .
i used this the first time i used a curling wand on my hair .
i tried this one because the best ,  bkh popcorn has gone out of business .
it tasted like it had way too much sugar ,  even though the can claims to have no sugar added .
if you buy this piece of junk you will not be happy about that purchase .
worked just fine for a few months ,  then it died .
norelco won t issue a replacement . there are very few products that i have rated lower .
another thing i did not like ,  there is only one sound setting .
so i m only giving it num_num stars for now and i m going to come back and rate again .
this is the worst stuff i have ever used on my hair .
i wouldn t wast the money on this  gourmet  popping corn ever again .
unfortunately ,  after num_num months ,  it is really falling apart .
the thing is that i had bought these before ,  but they ve reduced the amount of material in the pads .
put this on a wooden table and the case will mar and scratch your table .
i was a faithful customer ,  but will no longer buy this product .
they didn t assemble well and weren t very sturdy .
there s got to be something in this product that softens too much .
its terrible that they get away with this . if you purchase .
will never be using this product again and definitely not pleased .
if this is what you re looking for ,  then this would be a product for you .
like have a player fly from num_num feet away to block your open layup attempt .
it s my fault because i should have read the description in more detail .
when i received this num_num port hub ,  i had high hopes .
these wanted to bend and didn t work very well .
i ll stick with it for now ,  but most likely i ll migrate to an android phone next year .
the frame is so flimsy and it came packed in a very long box with paper inside .
i expected more from it ,  and since i used it i won t be getting my $ back .
nothing like the great burgers you could make on the mini $ geo foreman grill .
this item should have never been allowed on the market to begin with .
while the unit comes with batteries num_extend aa batteries  ,  they did not last more than a few minutes .
not at all good value for your money .
this is ,  like ,  the worst game i have ever played in my life .
the bag is also obviously a generic brand ,  with a little white sticker that says belkin on .
i can purchase the num_num giant rolls for about num_extend a pack .
being a womens cut ,  they felt as though the sit a bit higher than i would have liked too .
i have arthritis in both hands and this was supposed to be easy gripping .
i played it for about num_num minutes and i ll never play it again .
at times it works well enough but too often i can t tell if it s actually trimming any hair .
i had this for about num_num years then just left it out by the dump .
i personally will never buy another game from bethesda again .
this is the worst tea tree shampoo i have ever used .
plus ,  tennis balls are very cheap and will likely last much longer .
other then that the game like many of the other recent ones have fallen short .
i am all for barbie ,  but i have to say ,  this is the sluttiest doll i ve ever seen .
i do not recommend this headset to anyone .
it couldn t even stand up to that type of use ! if i could give it zero stars ,  i would .
we now have that problem solved ,  but there are other problems with this grinder .
i will not be ordering this after what i have read .
non irritating and non drying that is the falsest statement ever about this product .
going back to the old way . i do not recommend this product .
this looks more like it should be listed as a women s or kid s watch .
i was encouraged by the many positive reviews of this product but it simply did not work for me .
i made it through about num_num sets of different exercises before i felt very winded and tired .
if you have any problem with a sanyo product ,  you will never get service from this company .
it does not fit my num_extend although they said it would .
at this point i only have had trouble with the focus under num_extend
there is no dual shock capabilities ,  and pretty much everything is sprite animation except the walls and doors .
the quality is very low; metal is thin and feels cheaply made .
i tossed the whole mess into the trash and ordered another mount  istabilizer  that cost three times as much .
having used other similar products that performed well ,  i would advise against buying this particular item .
i found this item rather cumbersome and awkward .
i gave up on their mouse years ago ,  and i suggest avoiding this product as well .
this is by far the stupidest game ever made .
very disappointing because i really did love this case .
i do not recommend this item at all and will keep search for something better !  .
do not buy this blender or you  like me  will eternally regret your purchase .
i ve used a lot of nerf guns in my years ,  and this one is not my favorite .
other than that its not much more positive about it .
the biggest problem is that the knife just doesn t feel good in the hand .
well guess what ,  i just received this product today and it is not a carrier .
i even tried several pieces hoping it was something that would get better .
this charger is listed to work with the num_extend and num_extend
even with freshly ground beans ,  the coffee was not good .
i just purchased this exact model from amazon a few days ago .
this thing is useless . second time this week i ve struck out with cheap tech gadgets from hong kong .
the racks slope upward toward the center post ,  so they aren t as deep when used with original trays .
for wet lubes ,  ordinary oil isn t as messy and lasts longer than progold .
i didn t like the feel of the fabric either .
we were really excited about this item ,  but have been very disappointed .
however ,  that is not what i was looking for . i much prefer the black cherry over the other two .
these socks are very wispy thin cheap crappy material . i ll deliver them to the salvation army in their original package .
i hate to say it ,  but even though this stuff is natural ,  it tastes artificial .
they will remain corrupt when moved to a num_num or a num_extend
it should be no more than $ for what it does .
tried this num_num feet away from my access point and it said there was no signal .
anyways defender used to be great ,  this just feels cheap .
this particular model with the four wheels makes it nearly impossible to use on hills .
i bought these to put my puppies vitamins in and he just doesn t like them !  .
also ,  add the fact that they are made of plastic and you have a big problem on your hand .
no go . my other complaint about this product is that it doesn t auto install drivers .  .  . it s not user friendly .
i was a little concerned about how the connection was going to be made with the phone .
everything runs smooth ,  but it looks like crap .
really now ,  there are heavy stainless steel bowls that cost a lot less .
i will not be giving my dog this food again .
this was overly sweet rather than  fresh mint  tasting like other rinses  such as act  .
this is done at the expense of the quality of the coffee and durability of the coffee maker .
i think i ll order another samsung micro usb chargers as they are about the same price on amazon .
they re not supposed to be machine dried and ride down a bit ,  so i m less than thrilled with them .
what a major let down after waiting almost num_num weeks .
i owned the model before this one for about num_num years .
while i thought the fact that they are random would be fun ,  he doesn t like it .
rather than throw good money after bad ,  this product is headed to the dumpster .
that s just not terribly fast compared to other chargers on the market .
these seemed worth a try for the price ,  but i did not like this at all .
this has to be one of the dumber routers that i have worked with .
but after having freelanced at several places that use this keyboard ,  i noticed that they do not age well .
my feet literally turned red within a num_num minutes of putting these on .
the plastic pan head is simply not strong enough to hold anything but a point and shoot .
as many of the other reviews here have stated ,  the thing falls apart very easily .
i would recommend anyone considering buying a powergen product ,  to avoid them at all costs .
six months after purchasing that one ,  the scroll wheel died .
i will never order again ,  i am not even sure it is safe to eat .
i don t really like leaving negative reviews ,  but this wasn t very good .
it does not  track  very well at any resolution setting .
two of the three we own run out of juice after only num_num minutes of shooting time .
they do not release easily ,  especially with my mildly arthritic hands .
i didn t have any issue with them staying on but they didn t do me any good .
while this flashlight is cute ,  it is the most worthless thing that i purchased in a while .
this charger gave me num_num months of use before it stopped functioning .
i have one open bag with three chews out of it and two bags which are not opened .
however i only used it about num_num times before it stopped working completely .
i would not recommend this !  their are other bars out their that offer more vitamins and better flavor .
however ,  it took my little havanese less than a day to tear it to shreds .
the plug is far too small to fit my phone ,  despite the description that this will fit  lg phones  .
after num_num weeks he would barely walk around .
this reaction was bad enough that i discontinued use .
this was the worse deep conditioner i have ever used .
the two units i purchased num_extend and num_num gig  both had hard drive errors .
i totally agree with the guy before me !  this was awful .
this product is just ordinary discount sunblock in a fancy tube ,  so don t waste your money .
it does what it is supposed to do ,  but it is horrible when using flake food .
this little worm didn t work well for my special needs son .
very disapointed for paying this much for such a poor quality product .
it s as if they have a stake in sales of the coffee maker .
after reading reviews i m going to just cut my losses and go with a different device .
i had larger pores after using this product and it took me a while to reduce their size .
well they answer was i did and that how far it got . just stay away from them .
i will not buy it again when it breaks and don t recommend you buy it now .
the hard plastic will snap if you try to take the case off .
granted ,  it s only num_num calories ,  most coming from the beet extract sweetener .
does nothing to protect phone ,  rubber was warped and only a cosmetic item .
if you like this type of look as well ,  do not use this product !  .
not very nice to walk on ,  so he just peed around it on the carpet .
rising sun needed about num_num months more of development before being anything remotely decent .
scope self destructed after only num_num months atop my mosin nagant .
stupid . i gave this two stars instead of one ,  because one of my cats quite liked the sauce .
they were much smaller than i realized ,  but that would ve been ok if they looked better .
this one died in num_num weeks using it with my new samsung nexus !  !  !  wow ,  expected it to last longer .
after the initial num_num months ,  full money back guarantee was up ,  things started to go downhill .
since then ,  he s been on a mission to get it back .
the connection device on this mirror is a plastic part that deformed when tightened .
do not take this more than once a week .
if there were negative stars i would have rated this with that .
i bought this for my husband for a gift and num_num months later ,  it is falling apart .
however .  .  .  . this one is tiny and no way that it will hold num_extend
i have been using microsoft ergonomic keyboards all the time .
the aftertaste is horrible !  !  !  after reading all of the other reviews i thought it was worth a try .
over the past num_num months i ve been using it ,  it has only gotten worse .
this battery is a scam along with all those num_num star reviews !  .
i will be looking for a better product for my earrings and will use this case for something else .
i m not going to return them for the small price i paid .
however ,  i ordered this toy from online discounters .
it takes all i can do to eat num_num of these ,  no wonder they were cheap .
it didn t feel like it protected the phone well .
ordered these because they re advertised as neon face pain sticks .
i only gave this a low star rating because these harnesses run very very small .
my five year old cat didn t like this very much .
i have been using splenda off and on since it became available to consumers .
i will not try anything els from this line as they have all been misses for me so far .
i had high hopes for this product based on the reviews on amazon .
the one from amazon was better ,  but i have to say there is nothing really special about this product .
and even with your device off ,  it still drains this faster than the sun can recharge .
but ,  my layered bob with bangs does not do as well with this product .
in less than num_num minutes it s literally gone . my husband adores this scent so i did a sleepy time experiment .
there are many better games out there for this kind of money so keep looking .
the ge repairman came out and uttered his complaint with this product as well .
i have several issues with this iphone after using it for the last year .
but the pack of num_num ethical springs for less than $ a pack they cant get enough of .
i purchased this simple batery for a cell phone one would think that would be a no brainier .
i have num_num other casio watches that broke in this same area .
however after about num_num months of use ,  the switch on the microphone broke .
this is a very standard dried fruit and nut mix . you get a package of seapoint farms dry roasted edamame .
i m bummed ,  because cuisinart products have been pretty reliable for me in the past .
i do not believe this product was new because it started pumping right away .
also ,  there s something in this orange version that makes me less mentally sharp .
i don t really like this gel toe cap for protecting my big toes during extensive walking .
last year the consumer product safety commission recalled num_num million apc surge protectors as they pose a fire hazard .
i m not blind to the benefits of products like these ,  and have been trying some as an experiment .
this is the worse case i ve ever bought .
very cheap looking and didn t last my son num_num weeks .
this may have been a great game then ,  but it doesn t stand the test of time .
from what i read i was convinced these were what i was looking for .
this may be easy to use but it is not easy to clean .
i have a neighbor that is still trying to break her num_num pound ,  num_num month dog of this habit .
the belt clip snapped after less than two months of use .
after more than num_num years ,  it finally died .
after i finished the bottle of lilash i switched to this product .
i only took a couple sips of this before i decided it wasn t for me .
this dash mount does not hold my htc one s with a case very well .
i have ruined several tenderloins and over cooked too many chickens .
i saw some of the reviews that said excel killed their shrimp .
it seems like anywhere from every num_num to num_num minutes ,  it just stops loading internet signals .
very very small watch ,  not close to worth the money they charge for the watch .
it may have helped a little ,  but not enough that i would purchase again .
i d have returned these to amazon ,  but needed them for a party .
the blades were getting dull after about num_num years of use .
after hooking up this item we discovered that it did not work at all .
when are they going to quit saying those same stupid things that they ve been saying for years .
if the photo is exactly what you are looking for .  .  .  . don t order this .
don t order this if you are thinking about a belt for shotgun shells .
as the other reviewers stated ,  this is literally just a stand .
even while babying this device and using screen protectors ,  the screen develops tiny hairline scratches very quickly .
it looks and feels like a much inferior product .
overall ,  don t buy this game unless you have tons of money to spare !  !  !  .
this knife is nothing but a piece of garbage .
it is light weight but also has a very flimsy plastic hinge on the mirrored door .
i was so excited to try this product ,  but i was not happy with it .
very cheaply made and it s really small ,  i would not recommend it .
i will be looking for another oil without the horrible smell this product has .
i wanted them for my bathrooms ,  but they will not work .
the game seems like it tries to be as good as the xbox num_num version ,  but fails miserably .
i tried with over num_num textbooks and it didn t do well with any of them .
the first two i purchased because i didn t know these would have this kind of problem .
the steamer doesn t create enough steam for a facial ,  even with holding a towel over my head .
not sur if this is too big for my num_num month old chi ,  but he doesn t bother with it .
this is the second straight pair of skechers that have lasted me barely a month .
i have been dealing with an itchy scalp with hair loss for years .
then num_num minutes later i tried halo ,  then num_extend and num_num more games .
sorry to say this product did not do very much for that problem .
i don t like this case and will probably end up giving this one away as well .
using with my work iphone num_extend  a well marketed p . o . s .   and no one can hear me .
it has lasted over num_num years and i have never had any trouble with it .
after num_num months ,  they seize up ,  rendering them useless .
i purchased this battery as a backup to my htc mytouch num_extend
mine lasted about num_num months ,  at this rate .  .  . we re going to end up tones of these in our landfill .
i have used olay since i was num_num and i never notice any firming or any difference .
the plastic handle is way too flexible to apply pressure to the cleaning pad .
even for free it s not worth the num_num cents worth of parts to put it together .
i wonder how these people can live with themselves ,  knowing they re selling inferior products .
it is obvious that the workmanship of this very expensive kettle is not what it used to be .
i had this on my phone for like num_num days and it just came off .
it makes it so that this is the only game cd we cannot play .
so now i have a num_num dollar paper weight .
i have bought three of these batteries ,  and none have been satisfactory .
most annoying part is that i cannot find the packaging to return it .
i would have chosen  no stars  for this piece of flaming poo .  .  .  . but i m forced to choose num_num star .
it was a series of little sparkles that looked more like a star burst and actually obscured the num_extend
i gave it to my local soup kitchen along with some other canned goods .
i wonder if the chicken and liver food roll would have been better .
i contacted the seller and they contacted thule on my behalf .
as other reviewers have stated the feature is simply not there ,  my stock samsung battery supports nfc just fine .
i contacted the company and they weren t very cooperative .
i have bought other products from this seller that have been fine .
this is garbage and not expensive enough for me to do anything but throw it away .
these bowls splinter into a million tiny shards of bowl material that some how exploded all over my kitchen .
i have read about this and i am not the first person to hear their aqueon knock .
i have had this drive for just about a year and in that time ,  it has failed num_num times .
i m only giving it num_num because most people wouldn t think to or know how to check this .
i originally gave this a num_num or num_num star rating .
it seems to happen about every num_num minutes on average .
my only knock on the game is that it wasn t put together very well .
this one lasted about four months before it stopped working altogether .
piece of junk .  . i feel like i would have gotten better quality out of a tamron .
i might return them if they will take them back .
the case is too thin for the iphone num_extend white since it is a little thicker than the black .
this brand will put powder all of your counter top but not your face .
in the future we would advise that you do not purchase our products from amazon .
ugh i really wanted to like this case but the metal on the sides completely block reception .
i don t know how this thing works for others ,  but for me this just does not work .
what i hate about this game is the nonstop mindless shooting where you don t have to think .
i cannot imagine using the one that comes with the product .
they have idoits with no training answering the phones .
if you want to know the truth ,  the ds version looks exactly like the gba version .
my mother and my mother in law had kitchen aid stand mixers that lasted over num_num years .
wait until it s cheaper or get something else . i can assume that s why motorola release the droid num_extend
also ,  from the picture ,  it looks like it is a sweatshirt .
i tried to standardize everything about using this :  time of day ,  hydration ,  washed hands ,  etc .
this might be great for a baby under num_num months but a child older would get bored easy .
this didn t kick in until about num_num minutes after i had applied it .
i would rather by a better filter at a higher price rather than losing picture quality .
i have had this oven for almost num_num years and will get rid of it when i move .
they are also not as good tasting as dried sour cherries as they are too sweet tasting for me .
after using more expensive knives this knife feels cheap and flimsy .
if you want a bra that you don t need to layer and that will eliminate bounce ,  keep looking .
i stopped using it after num_num weeks and started using another cleanser .
now the one i paid for as a replacement has died after about num_num months .
first time i used it i noticed audio dropping out .
even though you can speed through the walking it still is quite boring .
if you use this ,  just be aware that it is not good for sunscreen purposes .
after about four months ,  they are almost unusable .
i m very disappointed that it would break so easily .
this is a grainy ,  gritty powder that is difficult to mix with milk .
i would have rather have my old ,  original ,  corrupted droid x back .
they looked like they were made of plastic when you put them on .
not at all what you would expect from an l series .
this case will not protect your phone from falls if it drops facing down .
it looks like clumpy brown sugar and doesn t taste even that good  we aren t big fans of brown sugar  .
it looks cheap ,  poorly made with cheap materials .
after about num_num minutes of churning ,  the bowl starts to sweat all over .
i was very disappointed in this case when i received it .
they only last about num_num shots and then they fall apart .
first off it takes hours to actually clean and dry the shaver ,  far longer than other units i ve used .
i have a brand new dishwasher and this doesn t work well with how hard the water is in utah .
i ordered down a size just to make sure it held it all in ,  but nope .
in only num_num weeks use the screen had so many indents it was distracting .
this says a serving is one cup and also says one package weighs num_extend  half a cup  .
first of all ,  the shipping took so long ,  i forgot i ordered them .
the second screen protector i used thankfully did ,  but it stayed in for num_num days before it fell off .
i have tried kamik a couple times but the shaft is just too narrow .
this happened almost every time i stir the tea up a bit .   .
i purchased several of these ,  and all have gone bad .
purchased because of all the good reviews and was completely disappointed .
i ve used better brands and this just isn t worth the money !  .
i m not gonna complain to much because its only num_num bucks but they re garbage in my opinion .
in fact ,  this thing makes it more inconvenient charging your phone .
i also get barraged with unskippable logo sequences for ubisoft ,  nvidia ,  and alienware every single time i play .
bottom line is ,  for the price i paid for this ,  i m not surprised it didn t last .
well ,  guess what ?  both of my girls have not played with this toy once ,  except the first day .
they have no taste !  alternatively ,  they could break their beaks trying to eat them .
be very careful if you insist on using this product .  .  . your eyesight is at risk if things go wrong .
i own a ton of other ka products and haven t had near this disappointment .
this thing only cost $ a cool idea but ,  nothing beats a true screw on mirror for the handlebars .
i purchased this item because of price but regret it .
this is the worst kitchen appliance i ve ever owned .
battery improvement was about num_num hours more than stock num_extend
but after that ,  it seems like they just pieced together backstories to all the stages .
as for this chair do not waste your money .
if there is another manufacturer of a similar product , i wish i had bought from it instead .
earbuds are probably better becauseallthe sound goes into your ear and none of it is lost .
i purchased this unit and despite its good reviews ,  it was a huge disappointment .
and ,  of course ,  it has been more than num_num days ,  so the bag is not returnable .
had to purchase some nicer more expensive ones so my lights turn on .
num_num minutes after brewing ,  the coffee is about num_num degrees even with reheating .
since i don t have another thermometer to compare with ,  i can t tell if the temperature readings are accurate .
i felt that i couldn t use this product any further .
if you have the choice between this and the xbox num_num version ,  however .  .  . you know which one to buy !   ?  .
i used my new sifter yesterday for the first time .
something wasn t built up to snuff with this unit imo .
we have other nylabones that they like ,  but not this one .
even num_num drops seemed like less than a serving to me .
i have to admit ,  i would not buy them again .
at first i was really excited about it .
i bought this item as it was described as new but it was far from it .
i purchased two of these routers about one year ago for my office and they have been a disappointment .
after we choke down this bottle we will not order them again .
arrggghhhhh !  come on cuisinart .  .  . i know you can do better than this !  what a total waste of money .
i really do not like the color ,  it is unpleasant .
i find this lamp to be far lower quality as compared with others ,  and to not last as long .
if they don t get it right next time ,  i will swear off square games forever .
very disappointed in this product and the service i ve  not  received from get organized .
but does not work well for watery type liquid .
nothing keeps them together ,  the top and bottom come apart too easily .
this one has the same basic shape as the other ,  but other than that ?  what a piece of junk .
we have num_num different scratching posts for our cat and he uses num_num out num_num every single day .
the mic works fine ,  but the button doesn t do anything on my galaxy s num_extend
there are a limited number of orders you can give your teammates .
i have been dealing with chronic hemmorroids for years .
it is a cheap knock off and doesn t work as well as other covers .
but after using it for a couple weeks i m definitely throwing it away .
i thought all products on amazon carry num_num days of return guarantee .
i give this game num_num stars only because combat did raise my blood pressure . download the demo ,  avoid the game .
for anything that needs to mix for longer than a few seconds ,  the bowl gets stuck onto the stand .
i think the patch is on crack ! not worth the money !  !  !  !  .
you owe me much more than a customary apology . regretfully a past consumer  .
this pump is cheap ,  comes with no gauge ,  and is unreliable at higher psis .
i still feel that this cat tree is flawed and should not be sold as is .
i have no idea what they were thinking when they made this version .
other than that the spout is too narrow and i frequently end up with liquids dripping down the sides .
i tried the darkest shade available ,  which still ended up being about num_num shades too light .
would never buy this again  we returned it  .
they were almost as i remember ,  but in this instance ,  i thought these were a little bit stale .
this is far and away the worst protein supplement i ve ever used in my life .
i bought this food wanting good quality food formy dogs ,  but they will not eat it .
i know better than to buy items that are obviously cheap imports .
i m far too clumsy to be walking around with something like this in my hand .
i was not pleased with the results that i had with it .
i bought the accessory kit to try to cure the original problems with the disc repair kit .
i have a list of things that i like about it but i wouldn t buy it again .
but ,  when you order something advertised you should get what you ordered .
this is a review of this product : backyard wrestling num_extend there goes the neighborhood  playstation num_num video game  .
my tester revealed that this charger only puts out around num_num ma regardless of how dead your phone is .
however in the last num_num months i have gone through num_num controllers .
the stomach gas that you get makes this a poor purchase .
my son bought this game and complained to me that it didn t seem to work right ,  he is num_extend
these will be sitting in my closet for a backup pair ,  not worth sending them back .
i would not recommend anyone buy this cheaply made and packed bookshelf .
they might sound bad to me because i am used to audiophile headphones .
time will tell if he will leave the chair alone .
it s just a little  blah  and seems like its missing something to give it that extra something .
i had read that some people may experience this and unfortunately i was one of them .
for a much better num_extend multiplayer fps ,  grab num_extend
num_extend external backup battery power banki received feels a bit too light for its size .
the chargers just couldn t hold a charge for a long time at all .
my hair is still frizzy and it did not even help with the tangles . i will not be buying again .
it s not too much better but at least i didn t have to file it down to make it work .
unfortunately ,  this is one of the most sluggish ,  frustrating games i have ever played .
they have chemicals for weed control ,  ants ,  grubs ,  ph balance ,  feed .
after num_num minutes of wearing you had to take them off ,  and your feet hurt for an hour .
these are not made to be used everyday with a phone that gets lots of use .
as other people have noted ,  they don t quite fit as well as i would have liked .
even though it was only a few bucks ,  i wish i wouldn t have wasted my money .
in fact i have several canon lenses that suck !  ! it seems canon has a problem with quality control .
also ,  the v is very narrow and thick and gets clogged with dirt easily .
i lowered this from num_num stars to num_num because she finally found out what to do with it .
i do have quite dark under eyes ,  but this did absolutely nothing .
however ,  the ones i buy from verizon and other companies are not as good either .
i m glad i tried the product but i would not buy again .
i bought a cheap travel spray bottle to apply this product .
there are other phone holders that cost more and are better .
my kids don t like this type of raw honey at all ,  the taste is too strong .
customer service counts and this company sure is lacking .
there s nothing wrong with this toy ,  other than the fact it s possibly uncomfortably heavy for some children .
i have to start by saying that while this product is little old ,  the belkin fm transmitter is outdated .
i will make sure not to buy anything from this company again .
when i looked at the product ,  i couldn t tell this was the style .
drive i had fail shortly after num_num year and there is only a num_num year warranty .
this was many years ago when they first came out .
since the price was so low ,  i did not make a big deal about it with the seller .
i bought this product as it was  ez  . this product does not work as advertised .
even with a  high  setting ,  this does not work .
the battery life is terrible and i have even put brand new batteries in that were completely dead .
i also do not like the fact that you have to stick it to your dash or similar .
i really would have liked a product that was better quality but you get what you pay for .
as others have said ,  it is very stiff ,  which does get better with wear .
i haven t noticed any volume improvement after using the yes to tomatoes shampoo and conditioner .
this ,  without a doubt ,  is the worst one ever .
i didn t keep the receipt since i paid less than num_num bucks for this .
you will need tech support now and again when you change isps ,  go elsewhere .
i had the num_extend for less than a year when one day it just stopped working .
i would recommend you not buy this product .
more likely the rotating mechanism that allows the lock to unlock got jammed .
i imagine that they went with a smaller dia hole for this reason .
if you have a samsung galaxy s num_num for tmo this battery wont fit its too small .
by the way ,  to me it was smaller than i thought it would be .
it s nothing like any sonic game you ve ever played ,  and that s not a good thing .
if you are looking for something that tastes good ,  this is not the product .
stay away from this stuff . even from the perspective of the cinnamon flavor ,  this tea is not pleasant .
also ,  because i thought they would shrink if i washed them in my washing machine ,  i used dryel .
they should have spent the time and money on something much better .
after seeing the poor quality of this product i would not risk buying from this company again .
i was initially excited about this product ,  to be able to avoid unnecessary visits to the pediatrician .
why couldn t they have though this through a little better ?  .
i have tried it several times and it just doesn t tune right .
it was a dud . the bottle was less expensive than comparable toilet cleaners and the label boasts % more product .
it is very thin and cheaply made ,  with american apparal clothing it is hit and miss .
just kinda there . more than the taste ,  i was disappointed to find shredded tea leaves in the bag .
i was not impressed with this product and gave it to my girlfriend .
so they lose air rapidly even when the cat isn t around making them useless .
every time i smell it ,  i feel myself involuntarily getting that  icky smell  face .
unless you have a fairly new computer ,  you will have problems with the graphics in this game .
completely unacceptable and far worse than all the others i ve tried .
simply put ,  this is just a terrible looking game .
if you have caucasian  or indian ,  in my case  hair ,  this product will probably make your hair greasy .
i agree with the last reviewer ,  the ingredients list on amazon should be more clear .
plain and simple this product did not work for me .
kracker and maybe that should have been a clue as to the texture of this product .
i read the reviews  the good and the bad  and thought that they had resolved the poor packaging issue .
i ve used logitech  thumballs  for cad work for over num_num years .
i received my product very quickly but it came busted in the packaging .
since the cost was nearly nil  other than a couple of bucks for shipping  ,  i did not pursue replacement .
so if you don t want to fry your device ,  don t buy this .
the second soap dispenser also leaked . they look nice ,  but not worth the trouble .
the first time we tried it ,  nothing happened .
the gooey texture of this product made it difficult for me to chew .
don t count on wireless to work . i hope you have better luck with this thing .
i purchased num_num of these based on some of the reviews i read .
other than that ,  i would not recommend this product .
i couldn t even enjoy any music during this short time ,  being distracted and all .
it is stainless steel item ,  but it rustsalso cutting is not that good . not a good product .
i ve bought this item before with no problems .
not so sure i would have bought this if i saw it in person first .
he has only picked it up a couple of times ,  each for probably less than five minutes .
the build quality is very plastic ,  cheap feeling .
it is now sitting up in my attic and useless , i would not subject my little girl to this again .
i used it tonight for the first time to roast chicken .
if you re still thinking about buy this game ,  rent it first .
seller lost this package at their facility and it took num_num months to receive it .
they are basically cheap earbuds with a thin metal loop soldered too the back to go around the ear .
also ,  they aren t just dry ,  but rather like small stones .
this product does not work for me ,  it might for someone else .
my kitchen aid pan from walmart cooks better than this num_num dollar set . do not buy !  .
however ,  my most recent color ,  red ,  faded horribly within the first week .
many times i feel like she doesn t even give enough time to respond .
this would be a much better item if it actually stayed up .
this replacement pack used to work with braun series num_num num_extend model  and i ve ordered it multiple times .
but thats the only good part about this product .
i used these batteries for replacements in my little garden solar lights and they were not very impressive .
but ,  the stock battery falls flat after about num_num hours on standby !  lol .
i will update this review once i get it to work  or not  .
i lost both of my boys in num_num and num_num after num_num years each with them .
funny that is not what always happens with my other orders .
i haven t noticed any benefit in using this product whatsoever .
after trying this supplement for a few months ,  i am not convinced .
because of all the constant retouching it takes a very long time to get her hair done as well .
this brush has few brissles ,  resulting in a very small amount of pigment being picked up .
i received a bag of num_num of the tiniest little bones i have ever seen .
i ve tried this several times ,  hoping it might work .
i read all the reviews ,  but wanted this external sound for my ipad .
the cord is very short and there is no bass .
about num_num minutes later my daughter exclaimed  mom ,  what happened to your purse !   .
i didn t know this was what was already on my car when i bought another to replace it .
this product sounded great for about an hour then total gave up .
if you screwed up first time that s it ,  you have have buy another one .
unfortunately window to return is expired . i am i changing my previous rating from four stars to one .
not real leather material .  .  . not real happy with this case .
my proctor silex num_extend fresh grind coffee grinder box did have a slight crease ,  but did not rattle .
i have a dell axim num_extend which does not experience these problems ,  so i m pretty sure it s the card .
i cant say to the reader to not purchase this hair custard as it may work for them .
this case doesn t feel like silicone or rubber .
i like everything about this tripod except for the horrid pinch points on the leg clamps .
the sound cuts out of the left channel and you have to wiggle the cable to make it work .
if you have sensitive eyes or even mildly sensitive ,  i wouldn t recommend this product at all .
i am num_extend and about num_num lbs and i decided to order the large tenn bib .
i would rather have the original game of pictionary ,  but that s just my preference .
however ,  this is the first time i ve ever found mold in my dog food .
i would not order this product from amazon as they are num_num for num_num with this product .
this black rubberized case does not stay snapped on my phone .
the sound quality is horrible and the pictures look pretty dated .
so i purchased this mat for going to yoga with and it s just not pratical .
any way the thing is this product is absolutely num_extend
this thing does not stick to the ipod it always keeps falling off .
i will not buy from this company again .
i knew this going in ,  but even i was suprised to see how flimsy it was in person .
had i know ,  i wouldn t have bought it in the first place .
i was not the least bit impressed with this product .
i agree with another reviews the panties received are not as shown .
this num_num is actually a num_num or a num_extend
i don t like that it s got no legs to elevate it like so many other models have .
i just threw away these pants that i bought num_num months ago .
so i started just using it my whole face on days when i didn t want to wear makeup out .
my num_num year old and her grandma had a very hard time getting started on this .
the snapea crisps were interesting but not as bad as i thought they would be .
i can t believe that people actually like this garbage .
i also have another battery from this brand and it is also showing itself to be mislabeled .
i ve only been playing this game two nights and i m ready to just give up on it .
i have not been making num_num pots of coffee for years with this machine .
secondly i believe i m at fault by not reading the reviews before i purchased this product .
i ordered these from amazon and not another seller .
i would absolutely not recommend them for a dog with coarse hair .
i have lost several items because they simply fell out of the pockets .
would not recommend ordering from polsteins homeandbeyond to anyone !  my mistake !  .
not better than other products out there ,  but not worse .
unless your car just happens to have the power plug in the right place ,  forget it .
still just too messy and it isn t easy to clean up .
i can not use a car charger while this case is on .
i should have just purchased another heavy manduka pro .
if you re looking for a good microdermabrasion ,  this isn t it .
i looked all over the package before i bought these to see if they were raw or toasted .
i really don t understand how all these people gave it such a high rating .
it s a cute concept ,  but bad design . i gave it num_num stars because it is cute ,  as just a puzzle .
they are right ,  it s not easy to clean  at least the inside of the lid is not  .
a craptastic failure pile in a box ! as a techie gadget lover ,  i want to really like this product .
i called customer service to advise them that the item was cracked at the bottom of the large container .
didn t even use it for more than a minute .
lasted about num_num seconds ,  until i hit the first small bumps .
the moves are slow and robotic and you just don t feel good about it if you juke somone .
just make sure this is your only food source ,  and i guarantee you ll start dropping pounds .
it s ok but i would not order again .
i wonder what the verizon cord would have been like ?  .
and some people will simply talk with their wallets . so ,  no soup for you ea .
i have been wearing size num_num for num_num years .
now i m looking at buying another ,  maybe something that lasts more than num_num days .
i am sad that my num_num year old can never make a bubble with this mower .
i ve bought num_num of these including num_num refills  not all at once  .
if you want to peel more than a couple of cloves ,  it s a big nuisance . and it s simply unnecessary .
wasn t what i thought it would be ,  didn t really like it .
it s just ridiculous that something this simple shouldn t work properly .
i really wanted to like these ,  but they didn t actually remove more than a few hairs .
as others have already said ,  there are a lot of problems with the electronics .
my son gets bored with it within num_num minutes . i ll be returning this .
they don t seem to glow for very long .
when i got them they were huge like clown glasses i threw them away .
every time i m suckered into buying another one of their products ,  i m let down big time .
we tried this first thing in the morning .
i have small hands ,  but i still had problems getting the tower together .
the old style doggles stayed on her much longer with much less problems .
if i could give this product num_num stars i would .
because this bar neither tastes good nor is healthy ,  i would not recommend it .
ive had this case + the screen protector on my phone since a couple days after i received it .
you would think this product would last more than num_num years num_num months .
i have big minor issues with this unit .
i m glad it came free with my phone ,  because if i d payed for this .
the life of this battery is equal to or less than the life of the original battery .
i have iphone num_extend in outerbox protective case .
these are the shortest lived shoes i ve ever owned .
bottom line is that it wasn t bad to sleep on ,  but durability is problematic .
for the money i spent on this product i expected a lot more .
spent num_num days with the kids putting these together and painting them .
this game was not as good as everyone made it out to be .
the problem is that they rate this thing to hold a bike up to num_num lbs .
i would recommend getting a bag less wireless vacuum if you are considering .
i wanted it to work because of all the hype of this product but it did not do much .
looking over it ,  i still can t find many reasons to continue purchasing this brand .
long lean slices would have been much better . i don t recommend this .
also ,  after the pour ,  i realized that the num_num ml it calls for isn t even a full cup .
if you have a sensitive nose  like i do  ,  don t buy this product .
even though i ordered the right size they slipped off my feet when i walked .
i would not recommend this tube to anyone .
like most final fantasy fans ,  i was extremely disappointed with this installment .
it s too bad because it has great design but maybe i expected too much from a $ toaster .
i own this mouse first ,  then just bought another one :  logitech wheel mouse optical .
the backbeats make music i am familiar with sound much less dynamic .
whatever the case may be ,  i won  bother with this brand again .
i rated this product with num_num stars because i just don t like it .
at least this one stopped working within the warranty period .
since the directions are all in asian languages ,  there s no help with problem solving .
the concept of this is great ,  unfortunately it gets boring within about half hour .
this is nothing like that in spite of some other comments here in amazon reviews .
beyond a doubt this is the last product from garmin that he or i will ever consider purchasing .
i m afraid to plug this thing up to my iphone num_extend
i was really hoping that this product would work for me .
i was eager to play this game due to the fact the previous phantasy stars were really good .
slightly messy because dust and small pieces of rock will fall through the mesh bag they package this in .
the guy at dunlop told me  oh yes ,  they have been specifically designed to work with electric acoustic  .
i honestly don t get what the big deal is with this product .
this one will definitely not be on that list .
i would strongly suggest shopping around for a better quality box .
these two things make the game very difficult . and i mean very difficult .
such a huge process for such small results ,  i was so dissapointed with this product .
first off ,  it feels cheap to just hold it in your hands .
they fell apart after only num_num washings ,  in cold and no dryer .
other than that there s not much reason to play this game .
so i called customer service this morning to find out how to get the grinder unstuck .
i had seen these things before ,  though neither i nor my kids had ever tried one out .
this has got to be the most disapointing game ever for the mighty xbox .
i could deal with this but after num_num months i decided to get a new one .
still have cold hands and feet and all other thyroid like symptoms after taking them .
obviously ,  any small bump into the stand will once again set this off .
i have num_num pairs of toms and i don t like the way three of them fit .
they say for large dogs ,  these were for some sort of toy sized dog .
i hate the fact that there is no two minute runs .
but no matter what i do to the left shoe ,  it s painful . they have to go back .
buying stevia for the benefits is not what this product does .
i received this on the num_extend it broke on the num_extend
i ended up cutting them off with a scissors and opting for glue .
it isn t burned because ,  obviously ,  it has no hot plate and goes into a thermal carafe .
i expect the piaa will perform better in the washinton ,  d . c .
this mode also will make sounds if the toy is not jiggled within a minute or so .
i am returning these along with a few other pairs i ordered .
this case was flimsy it was stretched out and did not fit the phone well .
if these rollers had been $ i would have given them num_num stars .
i wanted to like these glasses ,  but i actually hate them .
the exp date on them was num_num so i have no idea why they were so hard .
about num_num minutes earlier you got attacked and he was fine .
next time i visited i spent num_num hours trying to get this to work .
for whatever reason ,  after about num_num minutes of play the toy would stop shooting discs .
overall ,  this product is just plain lousy and cheap .
this product did more to damage my hair than anything i ve tried on it .
none of them have held up and this one was no exception .
i ll finish this bottle while using tingle lotions ,  but definitely won t be paying for this facial tanning accelerator again .
this is a cheap ,  plastic ,  small knife that does not work very well .
don t know what they consider xl but this wasn t large enough for my num_num lb husband knee .
setting up dvi is not a problem as other reviewers have noted ,  however .
this alone was the major deciding factor in why i returned this unit .
on this mount ,  the clasps have weak hooks inside that don t hold anything .
i normally wear a size num_num but the shoe was too small .
i only used the gps for about num_num minutes and then turned it off .
i had high hopes for this based on other reviews .
we ve had this vacuum for a little over a year .
i am not satisfied with the quality of this unit at all .
i tried num_extend as i have always used zagg and this product was a better price .
it stayed that way for over a week and it was very obvious .
this thing is garbage ,  it doesn t work ,  it will play about num_num songs ,  then just sit there .
sounds is very loud no volume control .  .  .  . did have batteries included that was nice .
i had to return this ,  the sound quality was beyond horrible .
these are bland ,  have a weird texture and aren t very good .
it s a little heavy ,  but that doesn t really bother me .
fortunately ,  i was still within my num_num days ,  and returned it for a refund .
directions are somewhat confusing ,  with twists that are supposed to give the other team a chance to catch up .
if you re looking for a product that does both ?  this isn t it .
not much more i can say about it .
i feel like the shininess gives away the fact that it s made of a rather cheap material .
these are some type of polyester  ?   they just don t work as well as cotton .
i really thought that this product would be like momma used to make .
my buddy bought this model and had no issues ,  so i imagine it is a defect .
they might as well have made the cable out of a piece of string ! don t waste your money .
other than that ,  i am still using this for my broken bones and didn t notice much difference so far .
these are not worth a dollar .  .  . they are horrible quality and do not stay up on your thighs .
i found this bra to be stiff with no give .
would not buy again and don t recommend unless you like vegas type odds .
i m sure they are nice ,  but not what i m looking for .
i wanted something to fill in my nail ridges without exposing me to harsh chemicals .
works for about num_num minutes after power cycling .
first of all ,  despite the title this game has little to do with the film it is named after .
who would have thought green tea is so difficult to produce ?  please take this off the market .
trying to compare farcry instincts with farcry is like trying to compare halo num_num to halo num_extend
this may be a good night cream but again ,  not for me .
looks like i have to try some other brands . update :  try the jockey tall man shirts .
myabe it will help someone else . but for what i cost no thank you .
i am not happy . great idea ,  i like saving energy ,  but this is poor quality .
this is particularly unfortunate because belkin usually turns out good products .
i can t listen to them for more than num_num minutes without getting a headache .
the the trackball does not come with software ,  you have to download it from their website .
these paints were nothing like what i was expecting based off the picture .
this inverter is just not durable enough for me to recommend it .
not exactly what i expected from the picture .
i have never been so disappointed in something !  the fact that it even has a star not by choice .
i think it over dried my skin because it got a little red and there was some slight peeling .
i bought this for my num_num yr old son for xmas and was very disappointed .
the problem with this tripod is that critical parts are either made of soft metal or brittle plastic .
put this product out  after num_num minutes prying the sticky paper from my arm  .
the only way you can take this dude down is with a shotgun .
supposedly you only have to change the brita filters after num_num gallons ,  about every two months .
it s just such an impractical design that i wish i had something else .
worked good at first ,  eventually my phone was powering off at % with false readings on battery life .
i m wondering if there is any recourse from amazon or the seller on this ,  because this case is awful .
konami never should have put these two weapons in the game .
even with all of this over the speaker ,  it still borders on loud . sadly ,  it s going back to the store .
i charged it overnight for over num_extend hours and it did not show a charge for my phone .
i have never been able to get this pda to hotsync ,  except when software was first installed .
the first pair were damaged ,  the rayban box they came in was damaged ,  but not the outside box .
they seem to be almost there ,  but not quite yet with this product .
maybe that s why she doesn t have much interest in it .
it had been used about num_num times  she is not much of a baker  .
it tended to go well with apple and pears ,  but not with orange ,  lemons or limes .
the only good things were the price and the fit .  .  .  . so hence the num_num stars .  .  . one for each good thing .
i m sure the toy would be fine if you just used it to play fetch with .
this is not a good veggie juicer it seems to do better with citrus fruits .
rockstar ,  the developers of this awful game ,  sure have been pumping out the num_extend games .
i ordered my size but it fits very tight and i couldn t get it on so i returned it .
if it didn t ,  i would have to take this thing apart and remove the dvd myself .
this keyboard was great for num_num months ,  then the letter b stopped working .
don t like the way this product feels on my skin .
i have installed my first drip irrigation system in the spring of num_num using all components from dig .
these don t stay in my ears very well and were uncomfortable .
i threw it away in less than a week .
and even then ,  the tea didn t have the same quality to it .
if i move the ball for them they will watch me do that .  .  . lol .  .  . not what i had in mind .
i have used this clay mask several times and it never helped me .
this broke easy and the batteries don t last long .
for more intelligent players or players who do not work in factories ,  i recommend staying away from this game .
it just doesn t fit into my morning or evening toilette .
my dog had extreme digestive distress every time he chewed this bone .
this thing has a terrible hiss when you turn the  top  control higher than about num_num o clock .
my first thought was that the aftertaste was like a weak cough syrup .
after num_num months they have completely flattened ,  stretched out and the heels wore down .
this is one poorly designed headset and you will regret purchasing it .
i ve only been using for a week ,  not seeing much improvement .
but then the price kept jumping up .  .  . they were about $ a yr ago ,  but now they re almost $
i would avoid this product as it was a total waste in my case .
what is also stupid is the fact that the controls for the tank that u control is horrible .
i was so looking forward to lasting lip color but only found disappointment with this product .
i paid too much for my wonderful num_num to risk it breaking down because of this product .
kellogg s refuses to label these gmos because they don t want you to know .
the replacement does not have the loud static ,  but the sound quality is not as good as the first .
ordered this item in october num_extend as my original ibook power adapter had developed a short .
didn t care for these socks ,  they are only % cotton ,  and don t feel like soft cotton .
i ve given this product a couple of tries because of how it claims to reverse sun damage .
i should have done the research before purchasing .
i understand that this product is to be used to alert you to moths in your home .
maybe if there were fewer calories or more protein ,  it could have been great .
as a person with heavy incontinence ,  this doesn t help much to the extent i hoped .
they shrank when i didn t follow directions and put them in the dryer .
i hate taking pills more than once a day .
it has been sitting on a shelf ,  not being used for about num_num months now .
the slots dont work well for my carbon arrows so i just lay them in their .
this was would have been better if once you got a lamborghini you weren t home free with the game .
even if this game was a num_num star rating i would not do that !  what idiots !  .
it may have been a weak num_extend battery .
each label went on fine with no lifted edges or anything that indicated there d be trouble .
it looked like someone had put milk in the glass ,  then poured it out and filled it with water .
i can t comment on its efficacy because it didn t sit on my skin for more than num_num minutes .
i agree with the reviewer who claimed that the drinking tray is too difficult to use .
this is only going to be more a problem as it ages and the front gets looser .
my wife doesn t like them ,  so i wouldn t recommend them to anyone .
there s better games to be bought for this price range .
if you are going to buy this ,  make sure that you have a backup garlic press .
i think everyone should start buying quality watches not cheap ones .
disappointed and do not plan to purchase this serum again .
it feels very ,  very cheap . we do like the reversible cards and almost always play with the animal side now .
i love most of aqueon s products but ,  i don t like this one . cons : very lackluster directions .
this does not do what it promises to do .
this cover was a gift for my daughter ,  but it wouldn t stay on her phone .
i m not sure why but the bulbs in this particular fixture die very quickly .
and they got really hard in just a couple of days ,  i will not be buying these again .
speaking of the fizz when the product is mixed looks like a  cloudy  experiment of dr .
i doubt that it will hold in place with the weight of the ammo packs on the tray .
if they wouldn t charge me for return shipping cost ,  i would totally return this product .
this tool is junk .  .  . the ears broke off while trying to adjust the elevation on my romanian ak .
i feel like this thing pulls my hair out .
you have to clean out the dirt and bacteria on the brush head .
actually it isn t the product i thought it would be .
i been using this for about num_num months and it haven t done nothing for me  no difference  .
i was hoping this would be an improvement over my blue bulb syringe ,  but it was not .
i purchased this item to connect my hp deskjet num_extend to my computer running windows xp sp num_extend
we have a golden retriever who chews not stop .
they did offer a replacement but i m too afraid to try another one so they did return my money .
if they pound on the floor often enough ,  does it break and let you through ? at any rate .
as mentioned in some of the other reviews ,  this is just hydrogen peroxide .
the headphones are very uncomfortable ,  much tighter on the ears than similar designs that i ve owned .
sound quality is ok at low volumes but speakers  rattle  as you turn up the volume .
i gave this product a one because zero wasn t an option .
i would have preferred a stronger cherry taste ,  but i really only got a faint figgy taste from it .
i wrote the company and explained to them that they had mislabeled their product .
this case is not bad ,  it just not that great .
i wish i had listened to them and heeded the warning to stay away from this one .
until now ,  i have not been able to play this game at all .
tell your kids they are toxic or anything to focus them elsewhere . ive been violated ,  i should have know better .
initially i was very excited for my daughters  ages num_num and num_extend to play with this foam stuff .
cooking with butter might not be as healthy ,  but this stuff just tastes nasty ! do not buy .
the only way that this product differs from traditional shampoo is that it does not lather .
after about num_num weeks of use ,  the handle broke and i was not able to repair the top .
not sure that it does what it is supposed to .
i write this at the beginning of december num_num and still have a lot of packets left .
yes ,  you can hand wind them into the case ,  but that s no great trick .
this product does not decrease nor repell fleas .
my lo doesn t even look at this toy ,  much less try to play with it .
not so with this latest multi use product; shine doesn t last more than num_num weeks .
i ve been with att over num_num years until last week .
i do not know what the rave is about with this perfume .
i should have known that there was something wrong when there s a leather jacket offered for $ bucks .
the screws they come with is crap and i was so disappointed that i didn t even install the thing .
they do protect the screen ,  but were a major disappointment .
the arms move only at the shoulders ,  but they look like they move at the elbows ,  too .
i wouldn t recommend purchasing this item ,  at least not right now .
this battery was purchased for my motorola rizr num_extend
byd is the manufacturer of the batteries that came with and are currently in my uniden phones .
bored already ? what s worse is when you need to something to continue the story ,  but they won t tell you what .
also the paint color wears off and ends up all over your hands .
i was excited to try this out but honestly i regret purchasing it .
they rusted over after about num_num months of use .
this device only gives the outgoing message if you press the button .
the charger that i got doesn t look anything like in the picture ,  but i bought this quite awhile ago .
i was really hoping these would work but i am not pleased at all .
there s no way to back out of sword fights either ,  and that s also really annoying .
i have had this toaster for a bit over num_num years .
i have num_extend class hair and this product didn t hold my curls as i thought it would .
they are not to be trusted and i will never buy from the the vitamin shoppe again .
i am sure there are many folks who love this but it was not for me .
this product made my hair very dry ,  did not add any moisture to my hair .
i have sensative skin and couldn t use this product .
i tried this sunscreen because my dermatologist promised me that i would not break out from it .
i ve used a number of bluetooth headsets and this is among the worst .
my daughter played with this about num_num mins .
if you really want to protect your phone fo with seido or otterbox .
do not buy this product unless you have the original xbox !  it does not work on xbox num_extend
i returned this item and purchased a nordic ware original bundt pan which is heavier in construction weight .
i bought this coffee expecting a dark roast to use in my espresso machine .
instead i just started making lipton cold brew and adding artificial sweetener to that .
if you have a video card other than nvidia .  .  . forget it .
we used to have a smaller bodum and that glass carafe seemed stronger and thicker .
they call these  sticks and twigs  and they really do taste like sticks and twigs .
i want to save you the trouble that none of these other reviews did for myself .
i ve had this for approx num_num years and haven t used it as much as i d hoped .
all in all ,  a very difficult game to play and what a let down from the first three .
seems more likely that it s just plain aluminum .
i can t tell you more than this is just yicky .
i have to say i honestly don t know how well this product works because i only used it once .
first ,  there are only two activites to this set ,  the ferris wheel and the  roller coaster  .
we had ordered this for our daughter for her phone .
with one corner off ,  the case won t stay on and it was garbage . i was disappointed with this case .
tomorrow will be my last day of hoping ,  bc i m ready to get rid of them .
this is absolutely useless ,  provides little support . i think this is just a fashion accessory at best .
its a total compelty different one . doesnt look nothing like this the one i recieved .
i can t help but think that they already knew the unit wasn t any good .
i owned this item for about a year and i will not buy anything from this company again .
i bought this product because i live in a dead zone ,  but wanted to use my cell at home .
my first impression is that this product is just another way to sell artificial sweetener .
this thing will likely liquify them too .  .  .  . not a great product .
i know lots of other people think it s amazing so i don t know ,  not for me though .
this phone case was okay at first but started peeling within the first num_num months i used it .
the remote that comes with it is also very lame !  .
this thing is junk ,  it broke within num_num weeks .
they only fly for about num_num seconds before slowly falling to the ground even at maximum power .
i have used it num_num times and the knife just stopped working .
they were very narrow for d medium labeled shoes .
i ve had many casios over the years and never experienced any sort of failure like this .
when i searched for a samsung galaxy num_extend charger this product popped up .
i would not recommend this game to others if you wanted to play it as intended .
looks alright but didn t fit on my grandpas iphone num_extend
this game may have more songs than its japanese cousin but that does not mean it is better .
very slow by my standards . honestly ,  i would not bother to order from this vendor  candy express  again .
i ve owned this vacuum for about num_num years now .
it s unfortunate that this product did not have the wow factor i was expecting .
they seem to be good quality ,  but they do not make a good presentation at all .
i bought this as a crate for my puppy who s now num_num months and num_extend
i m very disappointed in it especially since it wasn t an inexpensive toy .
i ve previously purchased lancome s waterproof pencil and had much better luck .
i will not be buying another pair of these .
i don t really need them fast so will find them elsewhere .
i used an organizer that looked like this one for many years .
but this game only allows me to play one created character along with just one henchman .
i bought this toy for my daughter who stated it was the only thing she wanted for her birthday .
the phone is slow and there are not many apps that can be used on this outdated phone .
lasted less than num_num minutes as my bull dog mix tore thru the rubber right away .
they may have gotten my money this time but i will never again purchase anything from them .
if i buy a num_extend roll for $ i get it with amazon prime next monday .
it worked for a couple months then just up and stopped charging my phone .
needless to say i will not be buying from them again .
for that reason ,  i will not ever buy another product from this company .
don t get me wrong ,  there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn t what i thought .
when i received this package it only included num_num styluses and two empty wrappers .
i purchased this product a little over a month ago and it s already stopped operating correctly .
he pretty much will only chew on these when he is bored .
again ,  you can tell how much i didn t like this game .
i have been using this in tea primarily .
i find this no better than a $ or $ sprayer from my local shop .
my wife s phone dropped out of it several times because if it .
it s hard to go totally wrong with that type of lineage .
so i tossed the towel and i ll donate them with other items i ve bought that i can t use .
i feel bad giving this a two star review ,  because scents are so personal in general .
this is not well made and will not last .
it says it takes num_num seconds ,  after pushing  stop  to go back to time mode .
seams look like they will rip the first time you use it .
looks nothing like the picture ,  it is hideously ugly .
i wanted to use this play yard inside our home ,  what a disaster that could have been .
in a city populated with buildings that have been shamelessly copied and pasted everywhere .
other than that it would have to be num_extend
i would not recommend this watch to anyone who cares about precision .
i really wanted to like this thing ,  and i did ,  until i realized that the cover is completely useless .
so ,  the package is telling you that this product is not a good choice for sensitive electronics .
these are quite possibly the worst work shoes i have ever purchased .
didn t like the fact that it was in plastic either .
even if they were returning characters from the wily series it wouldn t have bothered me .
it doesn t blend very well with your foundation and looks caky on your face .
for being as expensive as it is i was looking forward to using the product .
all my other clubman stuff i love .  . this one no way .  . maybe i got a bad one but i doubt it .
the plastic rake is spaced in a way that it won t work with my ,  and my cat s ,  favorite litter .
i was suspicious of this camera when i read some initial reviews of it online .
i wanted so badly for this product to work .
less than num_num months after first using it ,  the tuner failed .
i dropped my phone with this on and the screen broke .
this shouldn t happen after num_num months of use ,  but there you have it .
also ,  i have some compact flash cards for my digital camera lying around .
after about num_num minutes ,  the first cup of water i put in it was gone and it stopped steaming .
although the idea of these ice cube trays is great the actual use and operation of them is not .
i used this product on my five year old daughter who has very curly ,  mixed hair .
i wasn t at all impressed with the product .
also i thought that since it was a charging only cable it would charge faster .
be careful with this product if you re going to be using it in a normal fashion .
i would not recommend this blender ,  there are better choices .
this gave me diarrhea as soon as i started using it .
not only did this product not enhance the volume of my phone ,  it pretty much cut it in half .
they were completely unusable for jogging ,  biking or pretty much anything .
when deleting very large files ,  the blue screen is almost num_extend
now there have been some bad star wars games ,  and this is one of them .
i have been repairing computers since about num_extend
it took me several cleanings with this product to get the smell out .
i had no positive results with the products and could not recommend them to anyone .
this is so necessary ,  because of the lame platforming in this game ,  but this is also very problematic .
i only gave them two stars because i hate the teeny pockets .
i ll preface this saying i don t have much experience with this type of product .
keep in mind that this unit was purchased over num_num years ago and discarded .
i like that these are small and less expensive ,  but we wont be using them again !  !  .
maybe a great idea in the winter months ,  but in summertime it s completely silly .
maybe all three of my bottles were simply defective ,  but that seems a bit unlikely .
you re not just protecting your investment in lenses ,  but you ll get better pictures !  .
got it on november num_extend and not even num_num months later it s toast . oh well .
this is the second product i have tried that dr oz recommended ,  that didn t work .
however ,  our cat burned through the whole thing about num_num days and it didn t really deter her .
both units worked for about num_num day or less ,  when they stopped working during use .
i bought this for my num_num year old and even he finds it annoying .
will not order again as you spend more time opening than enjoying .
either i am incompetent or this thing doesn t want to pair with my headphone by ,  syba .
i ve never had this happen with any other toothbrush i have ever used .
it would cost more to fix it than i paid for it .
after num_num days ,  i believed my skin felt more toned although i still had not noticed a visual change .
num_extend small negative that i was willing to deal with ,  no indicator light .
this leads me to believe that the issue is not a defect ,  but a design flaw .
bottom line ,  if you own a num_num buy that version .
it s just not that great for a white phone .
this item arrived in a plastic sandwich bag .
it most certainly will not work with all hot wheels cars .
i have no idea what these were treated with but i won t buy from this company again .
the fact that they were hot was weird ,  they were hard not to burn .
after starting to consume these make sure they are not the cause of your problem .
this screen protector does not stay on the phone .
everything rattles around inside of this case providing no real protection .
they do not have much  give  and could possibly snap before you pull it over your hair .
this would have been a zero star review if i could have done that .
after you ve owned it for several months ,  recharging it in its cradle no longer works very well anymore .
really disappointed and will continue looking for something like this that actually works cause i do need this thing .
it is like it was outdated . do not buy this product .
this makes it extremely difficult to get access to my iphone when using this case .
this was a great idea but the problem is it doesnt do the job .
out of all num_num this is the only one i refuse to own and i will tell you num_extend
this thing does not charge an iphone for crap .
it is the lack of customer service that caused the num_num star . i have been so disappointed with these filters .
battery life is okay ,  but there are plenty of other phones that get better battery life .
when i removed my helmet to stop for water ,  it was readjustment time again .
if you just want  bump  in your music ,  it s ok .
yes ,  the proglide is probably num_num times the cost of the de blades .
i did not like this product because it left residue in my hair .
do not buy this product !  what is inside tastes nothing like pineapple .
the right size one is awful that look like cheap leather .
i wasn t expecting too much from this bracelet ,  and i m glad because i really didn t get much .
this device doesn t work that well with snow leopard .
also the way the water stream hit the bottom of the unit would always cause some splashing .
there s only num_num wrestlers to choose from but there all classics with there own invidual moves .
i need softer ones than these and they are just too large .
i thought this would help to reduce ammonia ,  it was suggested for over stocked tanks .
this was the absolute ugliest cheap looking robe i have ever bought in my entire life .
i must say i was and still am quite disappointed with this product .
we have an ivory carpet in our master bedroom that is not heavily soiled ,  just a bit dingy .
i didn t return because it was too expensive to do it ,  and doesn t worth to spent more money .
not a bad product but i would not purchase it again .
this rabbit is too hard and not pliant enough for a cat to play with .
this is some of the most bitter coffee i have ever drank .
they impart a very strong and unpleasant taste and smell of paper .
and the red wasn t dark enough either for what i was looking for .
this product wasn t great ,  it was more of an expensive suppository than a massager .
i have tried everything from small doses to using other foods to camouflage the nupro .
it was also very much smaller than i anticipated even though i knew it was extra small .
i have gone to other sites trying to find tweaks ,  etc . first the num_extend
it dulls extremely quickly and is very poor quality .
however ,  the real problem is that the cup size runs very small .
it would have cost the same to return as it cost me to buy the right thing .
handles take up way too much room in crock ,  too .
i bought this based on reviews i read but was disappointed .
the whole cord seems cheep but it at num_num bucks for num_num of them its not a bad deal .
band too thin . stones too tiny . wanted something more substantial . should have paid more attention to the dimensions for width .
this company is the worst company i have ever delt with !  !  !  .
i d been using a set of sennheiser num_extend earphones that are a fraction of the price of the sony s .
i looked and looked to see how many bottles of these i would receive for the price .
inserted the belkin setup cd ,  it did it s thing for about num_num minutes then said to install the card .
after about num_num minutes of flying it ,  it needed to be charged .
i really wanted to like these headphones  see below  .
the squeak lasts a very long time and the ball lasts even after the squeak is gone .
it was an ok product for only a couple of weeks that is lasted .
i wish they would just ditch the logo on the forehead .
i had some trouble pairing it with my phone ,  but it did eventually do that .
i also lost the charger and tried to use another from my previous bluetooth .  .  . would not work with this motorola .
this gets tricky when you have slippery lotion hands ,  and just isn t very user num_extend
i have been using it as my  emergency supply  but have to say ,  i would never buy .
:  first of all ,  you should never use any product like this on a dirty vehicle without washing it first .
not sure if this is a device issue or something with sprint num_extend services .
i found that this one didn t seem to last as long as the others once it got wet .
i will definitely not buy these again at any price .
save your money ,  you will just end up throwing this out or not using it .
although i followed the instructions to the letter ,  the battery has never had the oomph it should .
when i received the product i was going to run errands that day just to see what happens .
after about num_num on the num_extend it is done .
then one day it started having problems communicating with my wireless router .
save your money ,  and buy a bore sight that comes with the laser included for the same price .
i am posting this to hopefully help anyone reading tons of reviews on flat irons .
not something i want to use around my small children ,  back this goes .
i m so upset i wasted the money and more so that now i have to order the horrible stuff .
the product that i entered into the search engine at amazon was  att samsung galaxy num_extend sky rocket  .
i can t believe anyone would buy this at this price .
i have it for over a year and i tried to use it once or twice .
i ve purchased before a few pairs of timberlands ,  never from amazon .
i have an num_extend german shepherd that this would not work on to save my life .
i bought two of these and they were both broken and only wrapped in plastic ,  no boxes .
i bought these because i tried another product that just wasn t effective enough for our new rescue dog .
like other people have said ,  these boxer briefs are short .
wanted them to work ,  tried inserts ,  still very bad .
the color is great ,  but the quality of the lipstick itself is terrible .
i wonder if gamestop would give me $ for it on a trade ,  that would be a good deal .
unless you re using these in a  slow don t really care  system ,  stay away ,  or be annoyed .  .  . ugh .
i wish i could give this a num_num star review .
i was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time .
the case was destroyed but the phone was undamaged ,  which is why i gave num_num stars instead of num_extend
the first problem i have with this machine is its very small payload capacity .
i d like to try this product if they would use an oil that isn t harmful to wildlife .
being pretty doesn t save this game from being shallow in just about every aspect .
buyer beware many people i have talked to have this problem with sagging or decomposing rubber .
no demo ,  and i surely can see why ,  nobody would have bought it ,  except a few clicky babies maybe .
well ,  instead of bouncing off like on many other racing games ,  you stay bashing into the tree .
i have purchased david s in the past and i don t remember the seeds being this small .
had we paid any more than that ,  we would be a lot more unhappy than we are .
i have sensitive acne prone skin and it just didn t agree with this bb cream .
in my opinion these blades might be better suited for windshields that are designed with very little curvature .
i should just stick to black ,  this didn t show very well on my eyes .
i would put this product in the same category as vaseline impregnated cotton balls .
they mention that the threads on this filter are not well made .
very hard to apply to the screen without trapping dust .
i have been using it for about num_num months now with zero noticeable improvements .
if you are wanting this sight for a remington num_num just consider my mistakes before purchase .
i originally got this case because i wanted a thin case made from tpu .
i would never recommend this product to anyone ,  not even a cat .
i could use saran wrap as a better screen protector then these things .
it s a very basic toy and unlike some others ,  the hole isn t adjustable ,  nor the flow of kibbles .
its not like they added anything over the years in order to have to change buttons .
i still have this phone ,  and i ,  just for the heck of it ,  turned it on .
this product is way too expensive and does not work for me .
this acetone did not soak off very well .
even ones that have half the amount then this one .
oh well ,  nothing ventured ,  nothing gained ,  but i would not recommend this product !  .
but if you are serious about your shooting and score ,  stay away from these pellets .
they all have a yucky  herbal  taste on the back end and i cannot drink them .
they insist there is something wrong with my internet connection interfering with registration .
they can be cheap if you look enough like at vitamin store or something such as honey gardens .
this charger is not charging my num_extend properly ,  left it charging overnight and it didn t charge much .
it is the most repulsive tasting sweetener i have ever used .
i ve been patching my own bike tires for over num_num years ,  and i am not impressed with these .
i purchased this launcher for my num_num year old son june num_extend
the price of these anker batteries for the samsung galaxy note seemed too cheap to really be good quality .
like another reviewer said ,  this chain is not the chain pictured .
however num_num bulb died after less than num_num months  and no i did not touch the bulbs during installation  .
if you drop your phone with this case on it won t protect it much .
i bought this toy for my num_num month old mini schnauzer  around num_num lbs  .
either will this waist trimmer !  before you throw your money away .  .  . heed my advice !  don t do it !  .
i ve used these liberally for the past month and unfortunately ,  noticed no difference .
i would not buy this tent ever again ,  even if was on sale for a $
i will not be buying this product again ,  even if they replace it .
it was the best but this new stuff must be made in china and is garbage .
i don t know what the big deal is with this product .
how can the original xbox s headset be so much better than this ?  do not buy this product .
nope ,  i will be sticking with my trusty instant read thermometer and my finger test from now on .
i tried using electrical tape ,  but it only got worse .
did not work with samsung galaxy num_extend skyrocket as advertised when i purchased it .
i am returning this item because i like my bras to have a little more material over the breast .
have used it for many months now no problem .
i tried this for num_num months with out any curl enhancement .
similar sony batteries previously lasted me over num_num years in the same watch .
they were quickly returned andam not sure i will purchase another frye boot sight unseen .
i guess they are pretty much what i thought they would be .  .  . actually a little less .
i would not recommend that my worst enemy waste their money on this piece of garbage .
the doors on this thing should be attatched better ,  and barring that ,  the toy should be recalled .
i feel pretty naive to believe i could have gotten anything like that for $ for num_num pounds .
they do not float !  they do not float !  only two out of each num_num pack would float upright .
i don t know what i was expecting ,  but this tripod was very weak .
if you like fishing ,  you probably have most of the material that goes into this thing lying around .
i only gave it num_num stars ,  because it is so difficult to apply a french manicure by yourself .
i ve used the product for about three years now .  .  .  . it s not like this is a season that s different .
it has a very weak flavor compared to the other one i bought .
not stainless steel nor made of any good quality .
i would not recommend this product at all .
the overall construction of the device is cheaply made .
before you buy this case ,  be advised that the white iphone num_num is incompatible with otterbox defender series cases .
i used the product precisely for two weeks and didn t have very good results .
be warned ,  these aren t much good for more than one time use .
if you are smart spend a little more and get a better cable .
after a couple of months this adapter s housing around the ipod end of the plug fell apart .
i ve already used num_num and will not buy these again .
amazon customer service refunded my money ,  but it was a disappointment not to get the jug i wanted .
the worst levi s purchase i make in my entire life ,  looks like a cheap copy of the original ones .
the worse thing about these headphones is the comfort .
i subsequently found that this is not the same device currently being sold by verizon .
the handles are really fat and don t feel comfortable in the hand .
i recommend you skip this one ,  at least until the price comes down a lot .
what a complicated mess for a single cupcake !  and they don t even taste good .
also ,  i have found that shoes made in china are not true to size .
kind of defeats the purpose of eating healthy ,  doesn t it ?   i would never buy this product again .
this product is a buyer beware or buy at your own risk situation .
i will update if they contact me and try to resolve this matter .
i purchased this item in september ,  only to have it burn up in less than num_num months .
but after num_num years or so ,  it wore out . so i bought the black and decker .
these are not samsung ear buds that came in the box with epic num_extend phone .
i have num_extend hair and this product did not moisturize nor add shine .
the reason i took off another star is because there are some dirty apple chips in the bag .
but i wouldn t recommend this to anyone because of the overall poor quality .
i bought this small cleaning kit for my num_num mm handguns when i am at the range .
i also have to say that using a box for  frustration free  packaging is overkill .
i now have num_num of these useless cans and out a small fortune for nothing .
nothing more to say ,  other then the title . basically ,  they re good for music . very bad quality for voice calls .
other than that i will have to give them away .
i tried all three different sized earbuds ,  but no luck with any of them .
it s also odd for a powdered drink supplement like this to have that .
in fact ,  this combat system was so strange and awkward that i don t think i could even describe it .
i have used neutrogena sunscreen in the past and have either been happy or disappointed .
ea should have got mlb rights and visual concepts and sega should have gotten rights to the nfl .
pretty disappointed in this product after seeing them on the ellen show .  .  . they looked to be so fun .
this could be overlooked ,  however ,  if only the gameplay made up for it . but it doesn t come close .
i m not fond of when you unplug it from the charging cord ,  it automatically defaults to the charge mode .
i really believe the developers started with this outline but couldn t finish perhaps because their ideas were too grandiose .
i have obviously only used it in the car going and coming from work .
i even tried putting num_num hours between coats and the polish still doesn t get try enough to resist marking .
i pulled about num_num feet off the hose reel and ,  holding the end ,  walked across my yard .
they received them num_num days ago and i still haven t received the credit on my credit card .
number one ,  it s listed at num_num pounds ,  when in reality ,  it s num_extend
i have two dogs so have two sets of this item and have had to replace the bowls twice .
long time before expiration .  .  .  .  . but buying these single from this company was not goo good .
.  .  . but in the end i got it working . the real reason for giving it num_num stars was its poor longevity .
i have found that it is a bit uncomfortable because the arch is just too high for my foot .
threw it immediately in the trash ,  should have contacted amazon instead ,  but i already threw it out .
i bought num_num of them because they were cheap but have no use for either .
after day num_num i had a pounding headache i beleive from the l troysine in this product .
tried num_num different rockets from num_num different packs .
i am very disappointed in this product !  !  first of all it s way too small .
so ,  once again ,  this coffee maker proves to be a weak design in regards to electrical components .
i did this ,  and it is extremely difficult ,  and yet in parts so easy it s stupid .
?  ?  ?  ?  ?  i will never buy this item ever again .
too bad the manufacturer couldn t do a better job with peanut delivery ,  i wanted to like this product .
it just seems so bizzare ,  i ve never heard of something like this in the states .
i haven t gotten this case with more than num_num months waiting .
i will never do buisness with them again .
this spray  like the deva curl mister right  ,  left my hair feeling sticky .
on this basis i would not recommend this toy; there are more durable stuffed dolls on the market .
i have had so many issues with this glue keeping vanes on my arrows .
just makes me think why . i would avoid this game at all costs .
but that s not the only reason i gave it just num_num stars .
and the dismal quality of this num_extend  and others  . salton is the worst that i have ever experienced .
i do not care for this clay ,  i have a better one i ordered around the same time .
this will not plugin to your phone or ipod .
this pet bed is no more than if you had a blanket or quilt for the dog to lay .
not that it s a product problem ,  maybe just a breed problem .
this star wars games is very beautiful ,  but poor personality .
i had no idea that there were at least two styles or types of num_num cup glass carafes .
just spend the money and get a piece of gear that will last years and not months or weeks .
this is the second invicta watch i purchased that was defective .
they sent a replacement free of charge promptly when i told them the first battery was invalid .
this is one of the most obnoxious toys my children have ever been given .
the device i received appeared to have been damaged and reassembled .
i will not be buying it from amazon again .
i just ordered num_num orders of those num_extend bolts total  for only $ after shipping . hope this review helps .
if you need something to carry your camera and lens in ,  this is not it .
i returned them and would not recommend them .
cannot recommend this product .  . alex ,  asked for the name of rooting hormone ,  here you go .
when it does come time for a replacement ,  i will not hesitate to purchase another ecoplus .
honestly ,  a blind person would have been able to tell it was assembled poorly .
the same ones ,  so not worth the money i spent .
i have tried several different brands of coconut water and this was easily the worst .
i actually found myself repeating out loud as i played  omg ,  this is so frickin boring .  .  . so boring .  .  .  . so boring  .
none of them are picky so i think something was wrong with the food .
i bought these as a healthier option for my cat s treats ,  but she won t even touch them .
i have been having problems with this item .
if it hadn t exploded i would have been worried that the seal was broken in transit .
i ve never spilled so much powder as i do with this scoop .
i have had num_num of these and they all have broken .
after reading so many positives about this iron ,  i tried it tonight for the very first time .
i have to say i was disappointed with this sample .
thee pills are huge and they stink !  i wanted to throw up every time i tried to take them .
the game itself has num_num courses  that includes the reverse and num_num different cars .
it gives them awful gas because they cannot digest the corn meal .
i would have preferred velcro or something similar to secure the straps around you .
rent dont even dare buy !  the only thing that kicks on this game is first person view mode .
do not be tempted to purchase this product ,  it will fail .
the warriors make this sound that completely destroys any hope i had for concentration .
the horizontal is ok .  my $ normal tv worked for num_num years without a problem .
they are not comfortable to wear ,  the controls are awkward and the sound quality is poor .
not the best thing for a dog that likes to chew .
i was completely disappointed with this product by russell .
i have been using bare escentuals mineral veil for a couple of years now and this definitely isn t it .
maybe that s why they dont place an ingredients label on them .
unfortunately ,  i have tried num_num of them and none of them will hold air .
unless you need a great camera phone this one is not a good choice .
now i know i only paid $ bucks for these but they are supposed to be corelle ware .
but the smell is truly awful ,  and i will not be buying this stuff again .
but after only a num_num uses a tine plug came out ,  then another .
i like some of their other products ,  this one just isn t very good for me .
this products doesn t support any new android phone ,  not num_extend compatible .
needless to say you will be playing for a long time just to get one new character .
and the most annoying feature is that the cord is phenomenally short and magnetically attached .
there is almost no discernible difference in playing the violin with or without this mute on .
will not buy again  needed num_num more words  .
being released in num_num should give you a vague idea of what it looks like .
the knife issue didn t bother me as much as the response that i got from customer service .
i was so excited about the idea of this bra ,  but was disappointed with the reality of it .
i have never had that happen with before with glad and we are very disappointed .
it applies and feels nicely ,  but for some reason ,  this product did not jive well with my combination skin .
so i will stay with hoppes solvent , toothbrush , patches and num_extend of air and save myself the hazzle .
i used this product consistenly until it was completely gone ,  waiting for the miracle other reviewers said they had .
i have also noticed that if i am charging the ipad while using it ,  the battery actually still drains .
she used it for less than a month ,  then took it off and ended up with a naked phone .
i wish i could find the old fake sheepskin whelping box liners .
this should have done the trick ,  but it s obviously not durable ,  or made well enough to do this .
i was so anxious to start using this product due to so many positive reviews .
i have not found this true of the many other norpro baking pans i own .
i wouldn t recommend anyone to buy this item .
some of the other chargers have tiny lights that are only visible from one side .
i finally just threw it out . this product is not worth the money or the damage to your phone .
i have used this cloth since i received it and i do not know what the hype is about .
i m part of the group that has had no luck with these .
i think this should be on the description ,  because i had no idea it was useless without the activation .
first ,  let me say that the clock on this appliance runs slow ,  so i m returning it .
don t always assume you get a better deal at amazon is all i m saying .
you will not want to play most of these games ,  because they are either stupid concepts or badly designed .
i bought this item thinking that it was a compression sock .
these are ok for the price ,  but don t expect to use them more than once .
but i m very disappointed with the performance of the new num_extend
this is seriously the most useless game case i have ever used .
it s very unusual for me not to like a chi product but i wasn t pleased with this one .
most potential buyers should realize that except for the bowl and blades ,  the rest of the product is plastic .
so i can only agree with the other reviews who think this product doesn t do squat .
i previously wrote a good review for this num_extend player ,  which i have since deleted .
i would not recommend this if you wanted a cute sparkle case .
i found it to be ineffective in numbing my pain away since it doesn t last very long .
i bought these moth traps ,  because the moths were eating through suits ,  shirts ,  and even my cotton shower curtain .
we have only had them about two weeks and after shaking lightly one end ripped halfway across the mat .
probably will avoid these  rapid  whitening kits moving forward  :   .
would have been more useful to me when she was younger than num_num months .
i do not recommend this to anyone who plays fetch the same way as i do .
then i looked around and found other reviewers who had the same issues .
this looks like a nice shoe but it was just way too small .
however ,  my husband purchased this one for me for christmas instead .
they brag about the number num_num ingredient ,  which ,  yes ,  is great ,  but it goes downhill fast after that .
this is the worst wireless router i have ever owned .
it s not very good and the gameplay combos are almost exactly the same as spiderman num_num on the num_extend
i am no stranger to eating things that are disgusting but this shake is brutal .
do yourself a favor and save your money ,  it is not worth the price they charge at all .
i purchased this item for running with my patellofemoral syndrome  kneecaps don t track correctly  .
case won t even stay on and the battery is little better than standard .
first ,  the sound quality is just not very high .
i ve owned it for about a year and a half and am desperately in search of a new machine .
it is actually more difficult to charge your phone .
i re applied this product but it did nothing but make them move for a short while .
after about a month ,  i noticed no change in my edge growth .
that makes this set a frustrating ripoff in my book .
if you want total protection then this is not the case for you .
i contacted the company and they told me how much they would charge me to restock it .
i rated alex toys early learning playmat num_num stars because of the inadequate quality .
cheap material and does not fit well ,  i was not impressed at all with this jacket .
i certainly cannot recommend this product ,  as i don t believe it s safe .
i bought four of these and only one worked and that was for only a couple of months .
i have num_num cats and i don t think my house was ever this clean .
now i have to click on items about seven times before they are recognized .
these have to quite possible be the worst bluetooth device i have ever used .
this is most likely a problem with samba within the num_extend
i bought this to use as a diuretic ,  didn t really work .
it looks more like a mock up of idea s for the castlevania sotn rather than it s own game .
i am going to spend a little extra this time and get the kuhn rikon stainless steel press .
too many people ,  including myself in the past ,  rush into things without thinking .
it takes a long time for my hair to dry with any amount of water in it  .
find something more reliable or spend a little more money on something that will work .
i was excited to get this in the mail ,  but disappointed when it didn t work .
at any rate ,  i hope that when you buy these cups you actually receive num_num as advertised .
i purchased this for a friend and now i lost that friend .
i did not realize when i bought it that it was mostly garbanzo bean flour .
i don t know what more i would ever use ,  so i ve given this product a rating of four stars .
if you want something for your kids to actively play with ,  i really cannot recommend this .
i only had one packet to test of this product and i put it into a num_extend
don t expect this to remove the green stuff from your siding just with water and spray .
seems cheaply made and much smaller than expected  about the size of an adult hand  .
i have tried num_num different bali bras and they are all itchy !  like really itchy ,  immediately itchy .
both of these items seem  cheap  and not up to oxo quality .
this case is not num_extend inches deep like the ad states .
this is the second plantronics headset that i ve had that has broken quickly .
my husband has banned any product from this company from entering our house again . buyer beware and watch your dogs .
push ,  pull ,  shove ,  no matter what you do it is very difficult to extricate your phone from this case .
i kept these cups for num_num months before i got fed up enough to throw them in the garbage .
purchased this battery as spare battery for my canon num_extend
so ,  yes they do work ,  but just not in any sort of hurry .
you would have to keep the vac charged ,  then when done disassemble it and clean out the storage tank .
over time since i ve gf i ve learned that some gf flours taste funky ,  sour or just plain nasty .
thank goodness i didn t pay and arm and a leg for them .
i do not recommend this product ,  and hope that amazon carries a real kombucha in the future .
it holds them ,  but they don t roll down to the next one ,  like they should .
it s not as smooth as other brands ,  i would not order it again .
i was looking for something that didn t require more than one snap .
i ve been using it at least num_num times a week and have had no further problems .
this product ,  imo ,  does not taste very good .
there s no easy way to clean that other than taking the whole case off .
the company was unhelpful . i will never use this company again .
i ve tried pink sugar too and it was way better but still not what i was looking for .
don t buy this product !  as noted in other reviews ,  i have been waiting num_num months for two battery packs .
i bought it ,  used it about num_num weeks and one day it just didnt work anymore .
i bought this because of all the rave reviews ,  but am sorely disappointed .
not really worth the money in my opinion .
i have to take it back . these good reviews are baffling .
i am overall really disappointed with all of the philosophy products that i have tried lately .
they didn t crunch well either ,  instead of a firm crunch ,  they were more like puffed rice .
i will not purchase this again and may toss the remaining flour i have .
i bought this based on the great reviews ,  but none of my num_num cats went for it .
what a waste of money . i would definitely recommend you evaluate your skin type before making this purchase .
i have only had this case a couple of months and already the back is peeling off .
now ,  i don t have any issues with the build quality .
i don t know anything about the quality of this item as i have no frame of reference .
i will be buying a new box from another vendor .
there are much better alternatives out there for a dog to chew .
it simply doesn t add any value when you lose tools on an already super slim product .
we have to use twice the amount previously used and it leaves an after taste . would not recommend this product .
the games load out of nowhere and offer you about num_num seconds to read the instructions .
i would not recommend it if you really want the pretty pink color it s advertised as .
i had to take mine to the vetand learned that many dogs die from this .
when i put it all back together ,  it wouldn t stay .
mind you ,  i have never downloaded more than num_num outside applications on this phone .
you would think it would work the same but it doesn t .
i thought this would be stronger since its a kong but it s not .
i has never failed in about num_num months .
i wasn t as pleased by this after the first couple of months .
this was the third of the fountains we purchased that were plastic .
nice idea ,  but the product was not good enough .
the cookie itself is crisp and a pretty good size but the overall taste is bland to me .
ordered this stuff since around the june num_extend
have not bought this product ,  but wanted to because quinoa is a gluten free grain .
i gave it to someone else to try and they had the same issue .
this case is cheap but it does not fit the iphone num_extend
nope ,  it comes with num_num scented ring and you can t load it with any kind of oil .
with the poor performance of this unit ,  he gave it back to me after num_num minutes .
whatever they use to cut this with is very nasty and not what i want to be breathing .
i ve heard other reviewers compare this game to dark souls .
in order to use it last time ,  i have to hold it together with a rubber band  eww  .
but i m not sure these chews are worth this insane price tag .
so i read the reviews on amazon and assumed that maybe i was using too much product .
i wish i would have read more of the other reviews on this product .
it was amazing gameplay this game however isn t i would not play this again .
i am disappointed in the description of this product on amazon .
after num_num minutes no way should any part of that food be cold .
maybe it s my skin color ?  i have golden undertones to my skin ,  but this just didn t work for me .
replaced it feb num_extend it started leaking at the bottom of the spout so bought another march num_extend
anyone with weak hands or frailty should not buy this product .
it does not stay sharp ,  it has play side to side ,  the handle wont take much abuse .
the one major problem that i have with this game is that it seems very short and small .
the design is crap the cheap plastic buckles that are used broke the first day .
that s why they use them in prison !  just kidding ,  as cheap plastic razors go ,  these are ok .
i guess it works ,  but i didn t know that they made them that short .
i have now learned my lesson to never buy a pair of shoes without having first tried them on .
this raised bowl set is only good for cats or very small dogs like a toy sized dog .
i started taking fertilaid just num_num months into ttc ,  and now we ve been trying for over num_num years .
this bra was the most uncomfortable i have ever worn and gave it away soon after it arrived .
with other manufacturers providing num_num year warranties ,  i will never buy western digital again .
i bought these because my wife has no idea what blood type she is .
i dont see how someone can give this game num_num stars .
don t have an iphone so don t know how they work for that .
i was very dispointed with this anti spy privacy lcd screen cover .
they have over num_num complaints per year against them .
after less than num_num months ,  the back buckle started to comle undone on its own .
i think he is discouraged because he made the robot arm first and the thing does not work .
bought this to replace my red ryder after the cocking lever went out after many years of use .
this product is very difficult to remove from surface and hands .
i was not pleased with the size of this product .
i kid you not . it went from packaging to trash can in less than num_num minutes .
i bought this and returned it within num_num hours .
this is second pair i purchased made in nicaragua and the quality control for both pair is the worst .
i see in some forums and other reviews on amazon that this has happened to many others .
this broke the glue that holds the two sides of the mirror together .
honestly ,  they are the worst razors i have ever used .
i will never recommend to buy this product .
these were awesome for the first num_num months and then they started to scratch when i washed them .
i purchased this item because i was buying a new battery for my samsung galaxy note num_extend
i had low expectations for this based on the reviews posted here .
i bought this when my dog was a puppy and hardly even used it .
i have had bad luck with this one and would not purchase it again .
it didn t take more than num_num mins before i placed it in the trash .
i have had this thing about num_extend years now .
as other reviewers have pointed out ,  the pressure dial on the interplak can be almost impossible to turn .
i was hoping this was a much more play friendly toy .
just not for me . buttt unlike others i didnt say num_num stars because of my own laziness .
callers complain that they can t hear me ,  and i have trouble hearing them .
i had read other  favorable  reviews ,  and decided it was now my turn to test this item .
no ,  i would not intentionally buy this again .
so ,  until then ,  this thing is just an expensive key fob .
once again ,  i should have read all of the reviews before purchasing this product .
the main problem i had with num_extend is that it just takes so stinking long to play a game .
i will be filling a claim . do not buy from this thief !  !  !  .
has fallen from windshield several times ,  not an overall good quality product .
i don t like to return stuff ,  so i got sucked with this thing .
i think this brush would be more suitable for larger dogs like labs or shepherds ,  etc .
i charged them both to % and when they were unplugged them immediately went down to %
i was looking for a better quality of stainless steel .
if your cavalry charges num_num times ,  you sit through the same animation num_num times .
i ve got burned maybe num_num or num_num times while using this .
my family and i were gagging ,  we would never buy this product again .
i didnt think this case would be two pieces ,  well more like num_extend
can t get a consistant powder charge using it ,  and i tried it with num_num different types of powders .
the machine just stopped percolating today ,  one year and num_num months after purchase .
mine ?  unfortunately ,  the connectivity issues that have plagued reviews of this phone since num_extend started on day num_extend
this was an expensive repair . i am now shopping for another case with better protection .
what a huge disappointment this thing was !  i got it for my kids as a christmas gift .
these were an expensive and painful waste of money for me ,  so very sorry i bought them .
:   i can see why they wear out ,  some quicker than others .
even though it was on sale ,  it was still overpriced in my opinion .
nearly num_num times as much making this unit very difficult to hold with wet or dry num_extend
but the bottom line is i would not recommend it for fans of real time stratedy .
she was released several hours later and even num_num hours later still feels terrible .
somehow the cord must be incompatible with my phone .  .  .  . oh well .
you simple can t get what isn t there and that is the bottom line .
i shoot them only with my two fingers as this gives me better control .
i returned these the same day they arrived in the mail .
very lame . if you want to play this game ,  rent it ,  don t waste your money buying it .
i ve ordered two of these ,  based on the great reviews and regret it .
nothing i couldn t handle or would get stressed out about .
i couldn t stand to have it on my skin for more than num_num minutes .
the suction cups still works but overall the design of this battery pack does not suit the nano .
do yourself a freakin favor and avoid this coffee maker !  !  !  .
no matter what i do ,  i cannot get the covers back on to fit very well .
it was ok but i just wasn t happy with the way it looked on my phone .
not only that i m heard one other person complaining about the company in question .
i would give them away ,  but i don t want anyone i know to eat something with so much sugar .
you ll wonder how you were able to drink stuff like this for so long .
they totally cut quality for a walmart price . save your money and buy the real thing off of ebay .
this thing is not even useful as a toy for your children .
it didn t take very long to learn all the controls at all .
i gave it num_num stars because they did returned my money with a decent check .
i do not taste anything  kickin  about this jerky and there is virtually no teriyaki flavor either .
we ve tried putting peanut butter and other treats in this toy ,  but my puppy just barks at it .
so ,  i m not sure what to think about this and am now stuck with a deficient screen protector .
they are tips and very disappointed with the purchase .
to me ,  it seems like a pretty lame racer with cheap weapons and cartoon characters .
it comes with one useless little key lock that the user will likely quickly lose the key for .
this item burnt on me the first time i used it .
then you have about num_num guys shooting at you from all sides .
for whatever reason this didn t seem to work as well .
the biggest issue i have with the product though ,  is that it leaves a burning motor smell after grinding .
we don t have anything especially heavy or pointy in our regular garbage and these bags tear every time .
i haven t noticed any difference in using it and it doesn t moisturize any better than your typical chapstick would .
i don t know what type of rechargeable battery this company is using but it isn t durable .
it did have lots of chunks and good things so it looked appealing but no taste .
despite what the photos and descriptions show ,  this product has plastic bottles .
first ,  i had to learn the hard way that this device is not windows supported .
when i read the num_extend i made the asumption that was the wisk size not including the handle .
i mistakenly ignored the negative reviews thinking they didn t take care of this toy properly .
i think that i expected a little more durability .
they are constantly over each other so not enough room .
around august of this year i did download the trail version to see what happened after num_num years leaving .
my last hand mixer lasted num_num years and this one only one !  .
this product did not live up to expectations at all .
i even changed my rating from num_num stars to num_extend
if you do purchase i would not suggest using them inside ,  it ate the finish on my coffee table !  .
i would not consider buying electronics and camera products from any other retailer .
despite the false description ,  i m not completely disappointed with this purchase .
send this piece of junk back to china let them have their junk back .
pretty sure that if i d bought the bowl from amazon directly ,  i wouldn t have so many issues .
oposums and racoons eat anything but they won t eat this cat food .
they were pretty much just plain dry roasted almonds with cocoa powder mixed with splenda sprinkled on them .
neither the birds nor i are impressed with this bird waterer .
this was my second case purchase off amazon in my quest for a case for my white iphone num_extend
i got this for my dad because he s dropped num_num phones in water and destroyed them .
i m afraid they re spoiled and i will try to push the dry food more .
but he learns nothing .  conveyor chaos  :  very similiar to the bunny game that comes with the leapster system .
my box had a horrible plastic smell took about num_num week to disipate .
in the past months i had bought two more from other seller .
i caught several of the other reviews on this item that also indicated instant or premature death .
this kit seems like more of a hassle than it was worth .
i bought this for my wife for christmas and i am disapointed in the voice quality .
i urge you not to spend your money on a waste of a game like this .
the foam would need to be higher or if the foam was harder it would have been fine .
it is a shame because they look so nice when on .
perhaps this will work for other issues ,  but it did not help her .
this is the worst product i have ever purchased from amazon .
there is no long term benefits from using this product .
unfortunately i was never satisfied with the image quality of the photos .
the battery will last you forever . overalli regret my decision to get rid of my jabra stone .
this is the most disgusting idea i have ever heard of .
cabkle does not work with ac adapter to charge phone ,  but does connect my phone to the computer sometimes .
stuff doesn t work any better than the cheaper products found at the corner drug store .
do not buy them if you do as they will rip very quickly .
the only negative thing id say is the rubber that s around the case itself .
we bought two sets ,  and have num_num glasses left .
i am going to order another set of num_extend even though you must handle carefully as they are fragile .
stuff that might have been ok num_num years ago was just frustrating to play today .
i m glad i bought the sampler instead of individual boxes because i didn t particularly like any of them .
i am very disappointed with this coffee maker ,  and have returned it .
the seller acted disintrested in helping at all ,  which is typical these days .
this was not thought out very well by sog .
sure it has every character in the game ,  that s the only reason i gave it more than num_num star .
after that first time ,  it wasn t an issue .
i have to use the shield with it every time i use it because it spits out flour ,  etc .
this the same as the door cover the velcro strips could be better .
i would not recommend this one to anyone ,  even if you re a fan of high tingles and bronzers .
expect to have very small white flakes if you mess with your hair once this product dries .
so when you get tired of shooting back ,  just run up and handcuff them because that s far more effective .
there is nothing wrong with this bowl except for the price .
this is the most useless cat toy i have ever purchased .
sound quality is fuzzy at best ,  even when it s sitting less than num_num feet away from the radio .
no matter what i ve tried ,  i cannot get the cat interested in this one .
the second one lasted couple of years and quit working and a new battery did not last num_num weeks .
looks cheap and doesn t blend well with any of my other real gold .
i don t understand the great reviews ,  for the phone ,  or for virgin mobile .  .  . both are terrible .
in reality this is the same case you can find for num_num dollar anywhere online .
not a crisp clear sound like they claim .
very frustrating . fourth ,  and most importantly ,  the sound quality sucks .
i used this product on a chair in a enclosed porch .
i love annies products but this is not a winner in my book .
the left side is almost mute after num_num months .
i could not get this product to work properly and called a good resource for advice .
i don t know how well this product works but i can t get passed it s repulsive smell .
there are also some inconsistencies between the  double dragon  canon proper and this title .
item keep disconnecting with the phone ,  while the phone was in my front pocket .
i put this on my schwinn num_num speed that i have ridden since num_extend
my sister s caregivers were very unhappy with these and asked me not to order them again .
i did eat the bar  i was really hungry  ,  but i would not buy these again .
this is a terrible product that is of poor design .
the fabric near the zipper ripped the first time i used it .
i have had issues with acne since i hit puberty .
i am num_extend and i tried camping in this thing with my num_num year old son .
the monkey head and squeaker lasted about num_num mins .
i purchased this for my twin num_num year olds and they did not enjoy it at all .
i received a different product ,  similar but not what i wanted .
you would not want to set your phone on vibrate mode while sitting on this mount .
i have a very handy husband who can fix anything but this was not one of them .
we ran this for num_num days straight and we noticed no difference in the odor in the apartment .
the little contacts that hold it in just aren t thick enough and have worn down .
unfortunately ,  this $ headset does not match the sound quality of a $ wired headset with a boom mic .
however ,  this product is not worth the purchase price .
i would avoid ordering from them if you also want the item pictured .
i have over a year of frustrating experience with this product running under winme .
i have ordered num_num attachments total of num_num different types and this was the num_extend type tested .
basically it s an expensive car mount for your cell phone .
only reason i give it num_num stars is because i like that it has spf .
i really like many of the special k products ,  but this one is lousy .
i believe i have tried almost every sunless tanning cream under the sun .
it wasn t that big a deal anything more than a typical sex lotion would be .
if you are looking for something simple that is as easy as most things for windows xp ,  look elsewhere .
i used the keyboard and mouse with ms drivers for several months .
i used to eat this stuff num_extend num_num years ago ,  can t remember .
this was a great idea ,  but the two sided sticky to connect this clip does not stick .
once you select your main weapons at the start of the game ,  you are stuck with them .
keens are being manufactured so that they are much more narrow than they have been in previous years .
this product looks cute but is not made well .
i m afraid i don t have anything good to say about this product .
i won t recommend this to anyone as it smells horribly like some cheap public bathroom refreshener .
i guess you get what you pay for and these were cheap cheap cheap .
i  m sorry ,  but this game was one of the worst games i have ever played .
it s not stainless steel as it must be for the intended use .
well ,  the tasco red dot  a very common scope  that i bought did not fit .
these things lasted no time with my girls num_extend player .
i have tried several products to help eliminate the pest in my yard .
we have two westies ,  these aren t big gregarious dogs ,  but going in and out ,  they broke the door again .
i got this for my boss loop station ,  but it doesn t work very well .
this bra is not big enough but it does hold a pad in place if you have leaking problems .
i usually buy hanes for my boys and thought this looked similar but the fabric is not the same .
i mean seems like a good buy ,  easy to make and no hassle cleanup ,  right ? wrong ! this stuff is so gross .
i ve read that formaldehyde  which this product contains  can end up making your nails too hard and dry .
for the safety of your animals ,  i advise that you not purchase these from amazon .
i know glock products always seem to get glowing reviews ,  i think this is just plan junk .
i don t know . i will be getting them another fountain .
i agree with other reviewer who pointed out the fact that this product is not organic .
their is an absolute gurantee that you will be disapointed after your done playing this game !  !  .
this game is like nothing else i ve ever seen .
after i installed this digitizer only half of the screen accepted touch input .
hadn t paid much attention to prices ,  in that i always want a good shampoo .
i purchased this for my num_extend dachshund .  .  . it s too small for him .
very painful . i immediately contacted wustof and they sent me a replacement pair .
i wish that i had not purchased this product .
now i m on some planet where i get killed off in about num_num minutes .
i won t purchase this brand again ,  i will pay more for a better quality oil .
after using it for about num_num weeks ,  i m pretty much just irritated by it .
if you do not have a metric tap set and drill don t buy this item .
this product shouldn t be called a paste ,  as it is really runny and vinegary .
this is the most foul tasting power bar i have ever had the misfortune to consume .
both adapters are less than num_num feet from the access point .
the charge light came on red and never changed to green .
never pay msrp for this ,  great deal on clearance ,  or don t buy at all .
it does what is advertises ,  it covers your eyes but it feels horrible against your skin .
i had this setup on my mom computer ,  which she uses about once a week  at most  .
not happy with this purchase and would not recommend this brand to anyone .
there is really nothing good to say about this jacket .
i ordered this slip once and it arrived and was absolutely the wrong size .
the ginger flavor in this drink is so overpowering that i could not get past two drinks .
i never would have switched but i wore out one of the buttons after many years of use .
they re rather tasteless and the lack of a good filling makes them a bit lackluster .
not only would it not install ,  now i realize i would have been stuck with just wep anyway .
the lock button at the top wouldn t work with this case on the phone .
i have been using them since i was a toddler and don t; go a day without them .
no curls or waves . you might have more luck than i with this product .
i would recommend staying away from this model until the affected drives are out of the supply chain .
little flimsy and was smaller than i envisioned and our puppy has already almost out grown the dish .
folks ,  i would definitely not recommend this to you .
my husband is num_extend type guy that works in cold areas on ocassion .
this is the most unloved protein powder i have experienced since the concoctions from the num_extend
i would have to take the whole thing apart and cut the pieces off with a razor blade .
so unless you have a strong grip  i do not  this doesn t work very well .
also it doesn t charge your phone more than % even when it says its on full capacity .
this product is impossible to put on properly the first time .
ok ,  i ll be honest ,  i m giving this a num_num star for one reason .
when this item arrived ,  it wasn t the size that astounded me ,  it was how filthy it is .
however ,  after using it for another num_num months the same thing happened .
this was the first echinacea brand that i tried and i was not impressed .
very disappointed since i need a good set of fenders .
it s downright embarrassing to hear our son use this thing around company .
so when you go to remove them fuzzy material comes off puppet each time .
just received this item and was disappointed with the quality .
i have almost finished but the flavor is very weak and will not order this product again .
at night time that feature would of been great if it only worked .
i purchased this filter in may num_num to protect canon kit lens on a canon dslr .
that s the only good thing about this bra .
i saw none and will not buy this product again !  .
too bad someone doesn t come up with an oven thermometer that lasts .
thank goodness it was only $ on here instead of the $ they were asking at retail stores .
please cancel necessary phone and service plan packages from your order .
since cataclysm they made the gear in num_num man exactly the same as num_num with easier bosses in num_extend
i have never before tried an energy drink .
also ,  i will admit ,  one jar lasts me a very long time .
i feel that my phone is going to shatter if i drop it .
this is what you re supposed to apply pressure with .
i bought this for use on my face which has really bad rosacea .
i have bought this item previously from the same manufacturer but it s just not the same .
belkin is ripping people of on a product that looks like heaven .
by no means am i saying that this product simply doesn t work; it just didn t work for me .
i ve been using some polk audio num_extend  driven by a sonos connect : amp  for about two years .
after blowing it up ,  it was smaller than expected .
this product i received was broken ,  it wouldn t even work ,  a great waste of money .
this is about salton s customer service ,  not this particular grill .
i could not hear them right up against my ears .
however i could only open num_num watch with this product .
i had hoped i d have the same experience with the boots ,  but that was not to come to pass .
there is a problem with buying sunglasses online ,  that problem is that you can t see them in person .
i bought this after recovering from breast surgery ,  and it s not soft ,  it s got seams that hit me wrong .
bought this inially for my husband and he didn t like it at all .
this netgear router will lose its connection often to wirless cards in computers that have netgear wireless cards .
i would not recommend this product and believe there are much better products on the market now .
best example ?  read num_extend port forwarding does not work .
there is all sorts of noise and crackles when trying to use this bluetooth headset .
i bought a battery tender to keep the battery charged ,  because of the lack of use .
i never would have purchased the peppermint oil had i known it was false advertising .
i ve owned this product for about num_num months .
i m sorry but there s nothing good i can say about this item .
they protect your lens ok ,  but if your pix turn out bad ,  what s the point ?  .
desperation led me to try this food although i wasn t crazy about the brewers dried yeast or potatoes .
again not happy with the application at this time .
at this price i expected a little more .
in fact ,  i usually cut those off because they became boring very quickly . movement :  moving is really awful .
i bought this game yesterday at gamespot for num_extend without tax .
works sort of ok when the bottle is full but as bottle is emptied it does not work .
this unit was designed to fail early so that you would buy a new one .
these sponges absorb a lot of product ,  but little gets released back onto my face .
i m going to try another product because i really want to add hempseeds to my diet .
i bought num_num cases of chunky soups and would not recommend them to anyone .
had it only cost me $ i would have been ok with it .
i would not waste my money on this product .
i was disappointed with this ,  mostly because it won t work with a case on your phone .
i do not recommend this case as it will also start to loosen over time .
it aggravated my cat enough that he would hold it until he couldn t stand it anymore .
this is a waste of time it doesnt even look good like how it does on he picture .
i have had lots of problems with this card ,  and i have still not gotten it to work .
i will not be taking a risk on similar products they may offer in the future .
very cheap for the price and got a color that does not match my phone .
i did not like this product it burned my skin .
i did not notice any more volume to my hair after using this product .
this reel should have plug coming off the center instead of having entire cable in the reel .
there is absolutely nothing worth buying at this point .
i will be buying another ,  more expensive clipper kit as soon as my refund goes through .
i really ,  really wanted to like these sandals because of the positive reviews .
this is the most expensive watch i have ever owned and the poorest quality .
there is so much dialog in this game that it lost my attention very quickly .
the single star does not necessarily mean we do not like the product .
i will not purchase this product again in the future .
im sure it would work ok indoors ,  in the dark etc .
it would be much better if made of a rubber with some give .
if you are looking for something that cures toenail fungus this did not work for me .
this is the most difficult electric can opener i ve ever seen or used .
it still did not work . i proceeded to purchase the hp conterpart of this product .
i took most of my test shots at iso num_num and num_extend real drawback of this camera is focussing .
i tried it several times ,  nope its just going to drip .
how can so many people be happy with this awful product ?  .
the only thing good about this game is the texans and the seahawks new uniforms .
i bought this drive without doing my usual research and luck was not with me .
what can i say about this product ?  it makes me sick to my stomach .
for this matter ,  i could have used a product that wasn t considered as  lint free  .
the pan also does not lock into place; this does not seem to cause problems ,  but is just weird .
if they were a little smaller and a little safer they would be a better product .
i was so disappointed with the quality that i returned it to amazon for a refund .
also ,  having this item mailed to you does no make a heck of a lot of sense .
the length made it very useful ,  but the fact that it didn t last long was very annoying .
this battery is for the atrix ,  and will not work properly with a droid x or num_extend
this scratching under the bed behavior stopped about num_num months ago .
i have a model num_num with rubber grip .
there s always an inherent risk when buying a product from a seller with little reputation .
i read other reviews that say it works ,  i don t understand why it doesn t work for me .
it looks good ,  feels heavy but does a terrible job of blending .
i ended up spending a little more money to get one that lasts .
i am in total agreement with the previous reviewer and would like to add that this thing leaks .
they went on easily enough with no air bubbles and you can t even tell it s on the screen .
there is only a small led light that indicates that it is plugged in .
i expected something like this going in because of the low cost of the tools .
i bought this for my brother and i was pretty disappointed .
after having used this product for months ,  i m not sure that i notice any difference .
this is not a good deal at all .
after about a month i went back to my trustedsafety razor .
i bought these for my husband who was taking them and complaining that he did not like them .
i have two wheelchairs and these covers will not fit either one of them .
i tested this product and inititally wasn t impressed at all .
i bought this on the basis of the good reviews but i was mislead .
i cringe thinking about using my nook with the unwieldy touchscreen .
i m a strong supporter of rechargeable batteries ,  but at num_extend volts ,  this just doesn t meet my needs .
there is nothing turbo about this hair dryer .
save your money on this item ,  really think about what you are buying before you do it .
like others have said ,  these burnished beaters can never be washed in the dishwasher .
i really had been looking forward to this product .
my dog tore this thing up in about num_num minutes .
anyway nothing would induce me to eat any more of this crap .
even if you don t burn and swell ,  your liver will still have issues filtering out these poisons .
this battery arrived on time and was visually identical to the original oem battery .
its been num_num weeks since i stopped using it and my face is still trying to recover .
i am very frustrated trying to find a pad that actually works .
but i can t give this game five stars ,  nor four ,  nor three ,  nor two .
i would not recommecnd this to anyone .  .  . too bad ,  i really wanted it to work !  .
go to sally and get better quality for the same price range .
this is very cheaply made ,  is over priced and only provides mediocre support at best .
num_extend for the snes game looked and played about num_extend better than the original arcade version .
however ,  these slimy noodles are really not good to eat .
have been using it for a couple of weeks and have not yet managed to not have burnt popcorn .
because of these design choices ,  i cannot recommend this product .
wish they would have lasted more than just a few months .
my kids turned their nose up at these and they love regular pringles . they re not horrible ,  just not good .
tried it with different cords but it was the adapter itself that didn t work .
didn t do much for my scalp which is what really needs freshening .
this isn t worth the money and doesn t work on fine hair .
the only thing they have going for them is that they are cute .
it smells greeat !  i can t lie about that ,  and that s the only reason why i would buy it again .
why is this battery being sold to use with the num_extend it does not fit .
that being said ,  i would never recommend this particular toy to anyone .
the first time we used this grinder we were not impressed .
which really isn t good if you re doing stuff like num_extend leg presses etc .
these noodles have the weirdest texture ,  flavor and they stink like fish .
i have bought cologne from amazon in the past ,  so i decided to try perfumes for myself .
i returned this coffee maker to costco five times for a total of six different coffee makers .
this product is not of so good quality .
seems it doesn t read the disc too well or makes my dvds skip alot .
the literature inside said compatible with tamron only and for me this was false advertising .
however ,  the interference from my tv ruins this purchase .
i cannot work out how to put this together in a way that works .
i will not buy kind bars again because this could happen again .
i was really hoping that this monocular would be good enough for birdwstching .
i would highly stay away and buy a better product from a different seller .
i m sure there are very good copies of this lens ,  i just didn t get one of them .
this is frustrating when you charge the tablet overnight and wake up with only an % charge .
the test solution is only good for num_num months after opening .
i was so excited for these ,  but i would not recommend them .
these jeans were too tight and very long .
when they find that too challenging ,  they ignore it .
i bought this because it stated that it was raw unrefined shea butter .
the visuals are cool ,  but i wish i would have plunked my money down for something else .
i guess this last act was the ultimate review of this device . in concept ,  these sounded great .
i can not express how disappointed i am with the seller of this product .
i purchased my scanpan num_extend back in num_num when this was a huge expense for me .
for me ?  it works no better than a couple drops of baby oil .
i bought this because it had all num_num star ratings ,  i d give this zero stars if i could .
they are so uncomfortable that i can barely stand wearing them .
the user directions warn that it must be charged no longer than num_num hours .
i don t expect them to last more than a year or so ,  but they were cheap .
it s sort of a weird taste ,  takes alot of getting used to would i suggest buying them ?  no .
after reading the reviews and seeing the markdown in price ,  i was sucked into purchasing them .
this is not an impressive product after several uses .
worked well for num_num year but after just num_num months ,  the bake control does not work .
i bought this product when it was labled as a num_num pack for $ with $ tax .
i would not recommend this product unless this is an isolated case .
it arrived on time and that was the only satisfaction i received from this purchase .
we just opened this ,  and after playing it once ,  the timer is already broken .
kind of seems like they are factory rejects that worked ,  but just not up to standards .
this coffee is no where near as good as starbucks or trader joe s whole beans .
even if it works though ,  i really doubt it will last very long sadly .
i only used the product for five days because it made me physically ill .
if it was stronger i would recommend it but until then go find another product .
i have layered hair and i couldn t get good results with this wand .
i thought this would taste like garlic ,  but it doesn t even smell like it .
maybe someone in the aftermarket arena will soon supply an alternative to this pathetic little device .
there is no way that this net fits a num_extend umbrella .
give this to your little girl to play dress up in ,  because you can not take this product seriously .
what really hacks me is the fact that all the calorie and nutrition info is based on  serving size  .
this thing simply didn t work right out of the box .
i suppose this is proof that shavers cannot  lift  hairs to cut better .
this house may  or may not  leak ,  but it has a much more serious problem .
i have decided to keep them ,  because they fit ,  but i have been somewhat disappointed .
much like the other reviewers ,  i had a lot of difficulty to get this thing to work .
so far i m still wishing that this serum might have the little miracle on my face .
didn t even have this num_num months and it would spit at the seems .
i would not recommend purchasing this deep fryer .
this product was not worth the money or aggravation .
even if you do like the product ,  that is a really short use by period .
i purchased this case but was greatly disappointed by the plastic composition and flimsiness of the case .
i do not believe timex understands the term  ironman  . my wife did have this for num_num years .
our husky had this little chicken shredded in num_num minutes .
people has misplaced faces and they look like they took drugs .
that alone should have been reason enough not to buy it .
i tried many different scenarios ,  but the wireless would not work at the same time as my desktop pc .
it s cheap and you never have to worry about using too much data .
my doggie is giving this product a num_num star review because she was just not interested in it .
if my stretch marks did fade ,  it was probably because of time and not this product .
what company does this ?  obviously one that does not dive a darn about customers . so amazon is replacing the unit .
dont trust it ,  it failed after a week just like every other knockoff i have purchased .
i think after washing them several times they shrunk a bit and are now very tight on me .
i read the reviews and decided to buy this before smelling it and big mistake .
sadly it didnt work with any of my devices num_extend samsung galaxy advanced and the note num_extend
while this is cool for about num_extend seconds ,  it quickly becomes old .
looks like i have a new door stop ,  and will be looking for a new camp shovel .
at least ,  when i put them in they are ok ,  but they are chipped when i take them out .
eukanuba was a lot cheaper  blue buffalo isn t available on amazon for prime shipping  .
as this stuff is pricey ,  doubt i will be using it again .
i would not recommend this battery to anyone .
but i guess they don t see it that way . i will never ,  ever buy anything from lacie again .
i have a japanese style slicer i have used for years and also num_extend yes ,  num_num different sizes cuisinarts .
do not buy unless you want a low quality mass produced cover that offers little protection .
this thing looked great in the picture but what a strange way for it to work .
these boots are now made in china ,  quality dropped .
there s not much to say about substance other than that it s .  .  . pointless .
i really want to like deva curl products but they re not working out for me .
it was only used a couple of times and the base started cracking before becoming % useless .
i ve used num_num of the patches and they have never been able to maintain a seal .
it took too much to use up for num_num dogs they liked it but i dont like it .
this obviously did not hold up very well .
this unit does not work with the num_extend ipod at all .
this is ,  without a doubt the worst baseball simulator out there .
it s smaller than your average tray by about num_num inches .
i happen to love popcorn balls ,  some people don t . update :  i only ate num_num bag of this stuff .
i have had ear wax issues for a while and have tried many different methods .
i just don t think they play test these games long enough before they re released .
i do not recommend these ,  i would not buy again ,  and i hope this helps someone .
you re best bet is to regard these as disposable and throw them out after your trip .
i had hoped to take this kit with me on camping trips .
what a scam ,  the requirement of water filters . oh well ,  welcome to this century .
this will not give you even fake num_extend like that .
this is the second bag of lindor milk chocolate truffles that have been extremely disappointing .
was looking for an alternative to bed head masterpiece and this is definitely not it .  .  .  .  . doesn t even come close .
however ,  i could not get consistent results with it .
old adage you get what you pay for ,  i just wish i didn t pay for this at all .
without either i don t think i could have done this replacement .
as the product is so mediocre even when it is working ,  i can t recommend this product to anyone .
it wasn t even worth returning for the money i spent on it .
first of all ,  when i ordered this item the image showed it was white not black .
i sent my first one back through amazon s generally good return policy ,  and requested a replacement .
i do not recommend purchasing this item from amazon as i have seen other posts with the same issues .
there is a black plug  or whatever  that fits into the water chamber .
i would never buy this again ,  nor would i ever recommend it to anyone .
that s why i rated this game with num_num stars instead of one .
but for this price ,  with the problems my copy has ,  it s not even a keeper .
i had to return this product because it is basically a placebo .
windows num_num didn t have the right codec to view the file .
youll get bored with this game very fast so i highly reccomend knockout kings instead of this .
another dumb thing . the charging system is another point that was less than well thought out .
well ,  what did i expect for the price ?  what a horrific little piece of junk .
i m not sure what they put in it but i will most certainly not be buying these anymore .
would not purchase again even if i did have a speedloader that fit .
please don t anyone buy this game ,  and hope that they don t try to waste anyone s time with a sequel .
i have arthritis in my hands ,  so opening jars is painful for me .
around month num_extend i started having issues with a shift in the keyboard .
overall ,  the game barely resembles the original in this right .
for some reason they make her their leader even though she is the least expirenced of the bunch .
i like columbia sportswear usually but these pants were not a good choice for me .
this lasted about num_num mins before chunks of it were being bitten off .
i would not purchase this item again ,  nor would i recommend it .
my daughter is five years old and played this game for about num_num minutes .
i have tried about num_num different atkins bars and these are the only ones i find nearly inedible .
i purchased this item in an attempt to teach myself how to make balloon shapes .
this is the worst coffee maker i have ever owned .
i m not sure if i would recommend this product ,  or this line of products .
ask me how to get amazon prime free shipping perks .
that said ,  i have been very careful to read labels and small print .
i have been experimenting since i bought but i still do not get this .
dawgs usa really needs to reconsider this business decision . i would have tried the next size up .
i don t know if this product works as i have been using it for a couple of days .
second ,  the cross hairs had no movement ,  like they were broken .
i agree with another reviewer that age num_num is probably still not old enough to play with them .
again it worked for about num_num weeks and after that kaput .
as a bluetooth headset ,  by definition ,  these are designed to be used  on the road  .
however ,  the flavor of this product did not taste very good at all .
i would not buy this toy again or recommend that anyone else do so .
the only thing they have going for them is the price and that they ve got an inline volume control .
i have tried other brands that are better and don t stink as bad .
i am discontinuing use permanently as my eye comfort is more important to me than long lashes .
use it only if you know what you re doing .
i m only giving it two stars because she did think it was cool .
could have been a bad copy from canon ,  could have been amazon s terrible packaging .
the outer silicone case does not fit snug at all .
lemongrass soap and the argan oil prevented me from a major break out within num_num days .
i am spending more than i would have like to on a shoe .
this thing sounds like crap with anything distortion .
absolutely nothing sticks out in these hub worlds .
i wish i would have gotten a fixed right angle usb instead .
it s very difficult to take apart ,  and it takes forever to clean by hand .
just because they work fine now ,  doesn t mean they won t be leaking in a few months .
it did ,  however ,  tell me that i had a num_num second workout at num_extend
i bought a pair of this sock in december ,  num_extend and both socks are riddled with huge holes .
i do not understand some of the reviews stating this really helped with crack feet .
i purchased this product about num_num weeks ago .
even an inexpensive num_extend would have been okay for what i wanted .
i m just not happy with this and certainly not for what i spent on this thing .
i ordered a couple of these for my boys and they are of cheap quality and cheap material .
four months after i purchased it ,  this wouldn t turn on one day .
i even called customer service thinking something was wrong with it .
well lets just say it was not a good reaction .
so i would lave it if i could have it in one product . i m an african american woman .
they feel like cardboard painted with clear polymer .
i don t think that i will continue with this product .
plus ,  this is something  like people say in their reviews  that only gets very occasional use .
this game was a severe dissapointment i can t believe how much better thug num_num was .
and this is the first product in my num_extend years of wearing makeup that actually truly irritated my skin .
when leaving this to soak over and over ,  it still did not work well at all .
when i first got this garlic press ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i am ordering another headset because this microphone just isn t going to cut it for using with skype .
i will probably have to see a specialist anyway ,  which i was hoping to avoid .
it looks like it s been used more than the two times i used it .
overall ,  i am disappointed that this is wearing out after only three months of use .
it was a waste and the cats don t use that litter box any more than other ones without it .
this is the third primos purchase i have been unhappy with .
however ,  they are very tight across the toes and just not comfortable .
but ,  i decided to pay about $ to go with a device that does use fm .
after doing some research ,  i was hoping this product would relieve the ringing in my ear .
they just weren t solid like they should be .
i found myself very frustrated with the narrowness of this game ,  and don t recommend it to anyone .
i don t know what it is but this seems like it actually makes you thirsty .
for what it cost ,  i expected this to be a little sturdier .
these get much thinner towards the trigger than traditional stocks .
if you are intending to use any other headphones then i would definitely not recommend this product .
it worked really bad with pc ,  always lose connection with pc .
he never did this before in the two years that i have owned him .
i ended up going with another pair of the ones that come with a galaxy num_extend
i only scanned about num_num rolls of aps before it gave up the ghost .
i bought this weird shape stick after having read all apprasing reviews .
i stopped using it after a couple of months of frustration .
i cannot recommend this case as a result .
i was expecting one grip but it comes with num_num which is nice i guess .
this  treatment  seemed like nothing more than regular conditioner in a fancy block container with an appealing label .
i tried this and it didn t really hold my curl at all ,  and left my hair kind of greasy .
i could tell that this would turn into serious pain and irritation during a long run .
it might be me ,  but i used this for the first time to grind some meat .
i know i didn t pay much but i was hoping to use it more than once .
aso imho this case does not look good at all on the white num_extend
and ,  i m steering clear from this company all together .
that being said ,  it was only $ so what did i expect  :   .
does not work very well ,  but i guess you get what you pay for .
however the wax itseld was very sticky and messy and the strips did not work very well .
this beanie is so small that it wont even fit on my num_num year olds head without some struggle .
the worst part about it was that i cannot see thru the plastic part .
the dogs may just be spoiled ,  but they were not excited by this .
i lost this item in my divorce ,  so i ordered the same new one .
again ,  i have not been diagnosed with ibs so it might not have been the best product for me .
homedics has a notice in the package that the smell will dissipate in num_num hours .
i never had this problem with the cascade complete tabs and will be going back to them .
this keyboard works ok but as some other reviewers have noted the touch pad is poor .
i purchased this pan about a year ago and i m very disappointed with its performance .
the problem with this case is that it fits droid num_num global very tightly .
the tackiness of the plastic strips probably got affected because they don t seem to stick very well .
i bought this package mostly for the blush brush ,  it s awful and does not apply blush how it should .
after your shower ,  put a little in your hands and rub them together and then apply to your hair .
like many other reviewers ,  i have been sorely disappointed in my kitchenaid can opener .
personally ,  i ll avoid this brand in the future .
and you have to ask yourself ,  will that one ship be neutral ,  rebel ,  or imperial .
even more disappointed in this than i am any other heel support .
these are more like a woman s size num_extend
bras are getting so outrageously expensive anymore that i will be looking for cheaper alternatives .
the specifics of my case are not really relevant to this discussion .
i contacted the seller ,  they gave me another date to wait for it .
if you call back and complain you will spend the rest of your life on hold .
but first i want to say that i really hoped to like this item .
they don t work well ,  we find food residue on plates and bowls sometimes and almost always on silverware .
this was offered as new ,  but after receiving the product it was clearly not new .
if you have an older dog ,  i would not recommend this at all .
i called back sony ,  and their attitude was basically that they couldn t care less .
those were made to last . would never purchase or recommend these socks !  .
i have almost finished this product and have to say i will not order again .
this item does not work and is a total waste of money .
the game does not respond very well when the arms are touched .
i like their body wash and body lotion ,  but cannot use this product again .
i have tried several brands ,  this being the least interesting .
i should have read those last num_num words more carefully .
by the fourth day i had what looked like abrasive burns under my arms .
it was mislabeled on the web and i am looking for a docking unit for samsung galaxy note ii .
i purchased this product for use with my new sony camcorder and it wouldn t work .
it worked the first time ,  but afterward i think i was tuned into some police conversation .
after just over num_num years ,  mine died  it only came with a num_num year warrenty  .
first off ,  i dislike this product very much .
we have about num_num bruder trucks this one just has a poor design .
my advice ,  buy this product at your local sporting goods store so if this happens ,  you can return it .
by cutting corners on cost ,  they have created a toy that won t hold up and has many defects .
it was used maybe num_num times a year .
i was very disappointed with this purchase as it was not at all what i expected .
burnt out after just num_num nights ?  in short ,  great idea but very little durability .
the ingredient list for this product would require a chemistry degree to decipher .
i gave it num_num stars ,  as i understand some people have been able to play it .
so you would have to leave the phone screen on all the time to fix this problem .
be very careful what you plug this cable into ,  you might not get it back out !  !  !  .
the plastic part is also not much better than my num_num dollar feeder .
i never had a more difficult time putting on a simple screen protector than these .
it s been a week and i have had no problems what so ever .
i had to order from somewhere else to get the case i was expecting from this company .
i have used other brand name patches that did not cause the itching .
after shown what was possible with spiderman num_extend this game is a big let down .
for that reason ,  i updated my review from num_num stars to num_num  although num_extend stars would be about perfect  .
it makes the phone look cheap and unappealing since it doesn t even snap correctly into place .
after reading the reviews ,  i was surprised that i noticed absolutely no difference to my hair with this product .
what you learn very quickly is that the unit drains the batteries even when it is turned off .
you never know exactly what the volume is and can t lower it .
they did little more than sniff or back away from it if it was rolled to them .
i was disappointed when i received it because it is very difficult to crawl inside .
i ve owned this machine for num_num years and it has now sat in the box for the last two .
i did not like the feel of this product and my hair felt gummy .
i used this perhaps five times before the wood handle came off .
very cheap and flimsy ,  id rather have bought another one at my local grocery store ,  they are much sturdier .
had i bought this locally i would return it .
this product went in the trash so that i wouldn t be tempted again .
i have tried them all ,  including the blue ant ,  jawbone ,  you name it .
these are another cheap product from china that is not meant to fit every foot size either .
then the black top doesn t screw in very well either .
it really does not work and it may damage your ,  currently ,  irreplaceable tapes .
this is the only alternative for those with saudered on rear sights but it is still a risk .
do you think they have better quality dog food ?  we have num_num cats .
have not had it out camping yet and that will be the real test .
i thought this would be like a gladiator dueling game .
i bought this to replace the num_extend cup chopper which was too small and i gave away .
i m very disappointed and am returning this item .
you spend too much of your time putting it back into place .
i only used it at night but when i woke ,  my face felt very greasy .
very unhappy with this case but i guess you get what you pay for .
this may be a good product for cooking meats  ,  but for vegetable cooking it is an average pan .
this turns out to be very expensive when you have to buy the pad separately .
this item has very poor fit and poor quality .
it sounds like a cheap radio because that s what it is .
i have attempted to disguise it in several different things ,  but they always walk away .
also not very happy with the choice of spices ,  i only use a few from this set .
yet ,  it stopped working in less than num_num months of easy usage .
the longest one has worked was about three years .
aside from that the design of the unit has to be the most complicated timer ever created .
you could never spread enough on toast to be filling ,  because of the awful after taste of bitterness .
these probably will last num_num months which is what i have averaged with three sets .
the product inside the bottle would get num_num stars if i could get to it .
also ,  i bought this for my son s samsung galaxy num_extend and it does not fit well at all .
the game literally looks like it belongs on the num_extend
i tried this product with my conair hot rollers and ,  it does not set my hair properly .
cheap ,  poorly made crap that didn t last more than four months .
don t waste your time or money on this product .
i bought num_num of these for charging my android phones .
or just spend the couple extra bucks and buy better quality from amk or others .
i really wanted to like this mouth guard .
i just received this assortment of candy for the second time and i am quite disappointed .
so if you are expecting or needing num_num feet ,  you wont get it with this product .
this lock is flimsy but you might get lucky ,  i bought num_num of these already .
i like that it doesn t foam up too terribly but it just doesnt get my hair clean .
this item came with a broken handle and honestly did not seem to be very soundly assembled .
you can pay this amount for three times as many generic nfc tags that hold more data then these .
they don t sit all that well and sometimes fall off when looking down .
the only reason i had to buy this is my son is such a train freak .
i ve had this product for num_num years ,  there has never been any fw updates .
not only do the parts not fit ,  but the thin plastic pieces bend and break very easily .
i can t believe this toy is intended for babies num_num months and up .
after several uses ,  the lid forms a vacuum each time and is very difficult to remove .
i have two tablets i wanted to charge with this charger .
at first ,  they initially don t taste too bad ,  but they re not what i d want to eat often .
it s a shame tilia can t get their act together and make canisters that will last .
i ll never buy these again and i see now i should have read the reviews .
very disappointed in the way i was done with is product ,  it sits on my desk unopen .
like others except i was only on day num_num and the cardio dvd is defective .
i really do not like the design of the case for it s application .
i stopped using them all together and now they just collect dust .
i really didn t notice a difference in my hair after using this product .
this is clunky and doesn t work well with my springfield xds num_extend
my dogs ,  labs ,  chewed these in about num_num seconds . crappy purchase .
this one has deep ridges and i do not like that at all .
after a month of using this product for gestational diabetes ,  i am not impressed .
this was while using them num_num feet from the transmitter in a dark room .
this mascara washes off easily with plain water .
i bought this to inflate my sevylor tahiti ,  but its does not have the legs to fill it properly .
i bought this perfume about a year ago and absolutely hated it .
it is impossible to remove this item without your hair becoming entangled with the evolution .
i would have given this num_num star but i really didn t hate it .
i tried this cushion and found it to be way too hard and also really cumbersome .
i did order the other oxo that uses the replaceable wires that i initially ordered with this junk one .
when i received this product it had leaked out all over the place .
not the best i ve ever tasted and i would never buy this again !  .
more pixels are preferred to less since this will affect your image quality .
to send this back to hong kong is out of the question ,  so four stars it is .   .
this product doesn t cover well enough for me ,  not crazy about the color for medium to darker browns .
i was very surprised to find celestial seasonings peppermint tea is very weak tasting .
this kvm switch worked for all of about num_num minutes before i started having problems with it .
quite possibly the worst towel i ve ever used .
just another example of how much soul calibur sucks !  !  .
my kitten played with this toy the day i got it for about num_num minutes and that was it .
i ve read many other reviews  after receiving the jacket  that state the sizing is small .
you really have nothing to lose . but in my opinion ,  i didn t love it .
one part specified is a num_extend hex screw and many people do not have a millimeter measuring device .
i have had this item about num_num weeks .
like many ,  mine came with glitches and needed new batteries immediately .
but sometimes buying things in real life r better cuz then things like this wouldn t happen .
it doesn t appear like it will last long with daily use .
having read other reviews ,  i must ve been the only person unaware of dr .
i checked my order history and this is identical to the item i purchased from amazon in num_extend
this game is so boring i don t see how anyone can play over num_num minutes .
amazon should really correct the listing for this item because it is not made in seki city ,  japan !  .
likely a little more expensive and without bluetooth capabilities .
this charger does not charge rapidly ,  it s just a normal charger .
i read the reviews before purchasing this ,  so i was prepared to reinforce it before i even got it .
i couldn t believe how she gobbled this up .
i only gave it num_num star because there is no option to rate something zero stars .
it would honestly be cheaper to purchase all the items in this kit separately .
this is an rts num_num years behind in technology .
at best this headset purchase will be a crap shoot .
i saw all the good reviews for this avon eyeliner but it does not work for me .
the bristles are not in the right position to tease your hair ,  very disappointed in this product .
too often one is frustrated with it and risks holding the veggies by hand .
this just isn t for me and i have discontinued using this product and cannot really recommend it .
we took it exactly as instructed and did not see any noticeable improvement or any change . would not purchase again .
i cannot believe this is koss ,  i have owned numerous headphones by them but this is just sad .
if this is your only choice ,  buying tomatoes at a farmer s market would probably make more sense .
this coffee maker is made of very cheap plastic parts that break very easy .
this sizing ring guard would only be good for rings with very ,  very thin bands ,  .
when i attempted to install the micro sd ,  i discovered that this is a used phone .
i switched out the included pins for the ones that came with my original band .
the sound effects are average with nothing special about them .
however ,  i m very disappointed with how poor the battery life has been .
i didn t notice any difference in my baby when using this product .
the reason i gave this case num_num star is because there is no sim card opening as shown .
i ve been meaning to write a review on this for over a year .
i stopped using this and went back to using the num_extend advantix .
i ordered this one which was suppose to be a num_num foot model .
i ve had my cannon num_extend for over num_num years .
this product does not get rid of my tangles .
this was a christmas gift and it has already ripped and is heading to the dumpster .
maybe i have high expectations with my purchases online .  .  . but this stuff just doesn t work for me .
i tried this product for over two months and saw no reduction in hot flashes .
they seem to have the same model number as the old one too .
this is the first time our bulldog got sick and then refused to eat the food .
sometimes i have to do a second shave but regardless ,  this is not the product for me .
they look gorgeous online but when you see them up close they look very cheap .
i would never purchase them again and just threw the rest of them out .
there are too many others that taste a lot better and work better than this stuff ever could .
the product arrived but it would have been better if it had been late .
i regret buying this supplement ,  and even more so ,  regret that i opened them .
i had purchased this case to fully protect my iphone if i ever drop it .
i have the same problem with my vector starter which has only num_num peak amps .
i guess the first thing i ll say is that i got jedi academy before i got this game .
the first ingredient in this product is water ,  the second is sesame oil .
she loses interest quickly and will walk away from it when there is still food in it .
there are too many moving parts to this unit .
this game falls short when it comes as a sequel to the illustrious chrono trigger .
after num_num years of waiting ,  i finally get to play it ,  expecting another masterpiece from chris taylor .
you buy their advertised product ,  and they substitute something else ,  then want you to make it right .
maybe it works better on thicker hair .  .  . who knows ?  i won t buy this product line again .
you have to push it down every few minutes to keep this from happening .
instead ,  this color is really close to black . i really wanted to like these sheets .
if they had given me a dozen of these things ,  i would have given them a better rating .
i don t expect to hear from them !  i definitely do not recommend this company any more .
but i will be purchasing a replacement from another manufacturer .
not being able to play those again would be like locking you away from the game .
i reheated it twice ,  each time for num_num seconds ,  but it could have used even more heating .
would not recommend buying it from this buyer .
i wasted my time and money on this product .
wrangler s are much better than this .  .  . if only they fit the way the old num_extend used to .
the sound quality was not the best either .
the graphics are definitely num_extend graphics ,  this game shouldn t have been released for the xbox .
we bought this on amazon for an hp num_num printer that had previously been connected via parallel port .
the range is very poor ,  and the noise level is completely unacceptable ,  even inside in quiet environments .
its not bad for when the wifes visiting home ,  but other than that this thing is junk .
they don t latch in very well at all .
kids just want to play with them ,  and it doesn t really work .
on a num_num hour drive from ct to nc ,  it froze at least num_num times .
i can echo what a previous reviewer said .  .  .  . the unit will die on you after minimal use .
i am glad that i didn t pay for it because i would have felt like a sucker .
i m not sure of what really went wrong ,  but my phone started acting funny after using this battery .
i was aware of the  tighter  fit from other reviews ,  so i wasn t surprised when they arrived .
no other connectors that i have do this so i have ruled out my phone as the problem .
the plantronics voyager pro failed num_num year and num_num month later .
i highly suggest that you do not buy this game .
i do not recommend this product because it simply hurt to use .
after installing this splitter i had problems with my tv hdtv reception .
i don t know why anyone bothers with them . just man up and wipe your screen down from time to time .
i only gave it two stars because the ingredients seemed to be natural .
would not purchase again ,  only using it at nightbecause the smell is so odd .
you re much better off with a more expensive alternative .
inside of the hole is not smooth at all ,  which makes it very difficult to pull the lace out .
i thought num_num would work just a little better although it was a different brand .
i gave this a four because i received the wrong color and it was torn beyond repair .
when i first started using proactive it worked really well ,  but over time is no longer effective .
everything else is just a rotten imitation of that fine game .
years ago they were very high quality ,  but they slowly have gone downhill .
i ve had problems with this rotisserie because it smokes from time to time .
the list price of this kit is suppose to be $  current amazon price is $
obviously proper storing was not taken with this product .
about num_num months for me .  . do not waste your money !  .
i am glad i bought it from amazon because they took it back with no question s asked .
i would not recommend this product to anyone else .
this product contains just a trace of hoodia  .
this is horrible ,  it can t tell the difference between the dog barking and someone laughing .
i bought some num_extend cameras and they had serious interference .
this kettle is made entirely out of plastic .
the things i don t like about it are more associated w virgin mobile than w the phone .
i feel like they re going to break my clippers when i am able to attach them .
just tried this for the first time with my num_extend old .
bascially ,  a thin foam pad with a hard piece of plastic on the bottom .
it was cheap ,  but i would expect to last a little longer .
it has a  water shooter  that is supposed to shoot out some piece of plastic shaped into water .
i have had nothing but problems with this wireless router .
i made about num_num minuets of calls during a total of num_num weeks and my overall bill was $
unless you confirm that it puts out only num_num ma ,  and no more .
this ,  i think ,  is overpriced and rather poor in execution ,  especially considering the price .
i bought this case for my wife s motorola phone and it did not fit .
thsi was supposed to be a gift and i talked about this product to no extent .
wouldn t pay more than num_extend bucks for this thing .
this product sounds amazing on here ,  but it didnt help my skin at all .
i would highly recommend not purchasing this bra .
don t waste your money and time with these .
i used this with my iphone to output to my car s stereo .
rockport is supposed to be known for comfort ,  but these bad boys don t deliver .
it gives me the error something like charging not supported with this device .
so i bought num_num cases and donated them .
i m also annoyed that i can t charge my iphone and ipad at the same time .
i ve owned this toaster for about four years ,  and from day one it was a disappointment .
its not much better than a dried up paper towel compressed into i little disk .
how can you reorder with that kind of inconsistency ?  no way would i recommend this to anyone .
this never dries ,  even weeks later and comes off on everything .
after num_num years it has only been played with a handful of times .
i mean the suction doesn t suck very well .
could not get both eyes focused at the same time .
i bought this exact same product at a local craft store and was sorely disappointed .
even the graphics in this game are poor compared to games with similar system requirements . finally my last complaint .
was not pleased with this product so i sent it back .
better have a restaurant and not expect to use them for the three cups of coffee like i drink .
i did not trust it to protect my phone from much of anything .
after num_num months of service ,  this dvd player died .
i dont even want to waste time with this junk on fire it would be full of holes .
my first smartphone num_num months ago was android num_extend
that being said i think the brush is crap and this mascara was not worth it .
if i could give this no stars ,  i would do it without hesitation .
don t buy this machine for making espresso !  trying to save $ i wasted $
my num_num year old cat hardly ever even looks at this toy .
this product didn t even last me num_num weeks .
also ,  the accuracy of this product is very questionable .
the gold ball is so hollow and made it very .  . very thin .
it might be cheap ,  tinny speaker quality ,  but more than likely its the software that needs tweaking .
the only thing good about this product was the customer service .
i would even go back and apply more after about num_num minutes and still no relief from the dryness .
i would not recommend this product to anyone ,  despite the positive reviews others have left .
i had high hopes for this scrub since it had such great reviews ,  but i have used better .
contacted seller and she refunded my money promptly .
my daughter has had a similar experience with this machine .
now that i have tried so many other shampoos i was completely disappointed with this .
unlike other contact grills ,  this one does not seem to get very hot .
the strangest thing about the fragrance is that it doesn t come together in your nose .
there are far too many bugs exploited by the computer that result in long bs plays .
doing this doesn t flex or bend them and more than if i was just wearing the glasses alone .
i went to make coffee this morning and almost all the coffee grinds came out of the pod .
no one will remember this game in num_num years .
this game was worse than i expected since it was a greatest hits title .
that worked much better for about a week ,  then the whole unit died .
i was horrified !  it was only then that i read the ingredients of this product .
crown prince is an american company that apparently don t look out for their compatriots .
this toy only lasted about num_num minutes before the noisemaker died .
i m sure this adapter works well ,  but microsoft should be ashamed of themselves .
you have to have the smallest earholes  is that a word  on earth for this to work .
i have samsung galaxy num_extend and i have been using this cable for about two months .
they re great looking cases but ours lasted less than num_num months .
might as well buy a pack at the gas station rather than have a num_num pack of this .
the killing point of this product : they hurt like heck to remove and sometimes ,  just to adjust them .
i couldnt even give this stuff away num_num friends + family after they tasted it !  two huge thumbs down .
however ,  after using it for a time ,  it has been very possibly a nearly useless camera .
i purchased this to replace a norelco shaver i had for over num_num years .
this kit looks cool but does not work very well .
and i think they could have been more creative with that num_extend thing .
i definitely do not recommend this case to anyone .
i don t want to rely on something that will fail in such a short amount of time .
i have bought many from amazon . first off ,  the original order for this watch was never delivered .
does not pick up the num_num main channels very well .
i will definitely not recommend this phone to anyone .
this smoothie really tasted a lot more like medicine than a smoothie drink .
after about num_num minutes of play ,  my child was over it .
unfortunately ,  form does not follow function . the dryer is plenty hot ,  but airflow is very weak .
i flushed it and never used it even at this price ,  i wasnt about to take anything .
would not buy again and can t recommend until they change their rubber to a sturdier material .
i read so many reviews about this razor ,  unfortunately mine was not as good .
was hoping to control ammonia levels a bit better with this .
i bought this game the other day and all i can say is this version is pure garbage .
about num_num years ago i bought a black  trug tub  for gardening .
thought i was saving myself some money and time by getting this ,  but i ended up returning it .
i would say if you are larger than a b cup ,  avoid this bra .
the stuff i bought directly from bare minerals was much more expensive but covered flaws and lasted all day .
if they last to that point ,  they ll probably last a long time .
again it was more expensive than the now product ,  but was less than the young living .
i wanted this case really bad for my galaxy num_extend and was very excited when it arrived finally .
the sound quality is poor and when biking all you hear is the wind .
i have been using this since num_num to extend my network at home .
will not fit the samsung galaxy note num_num or num_num in a case .
they quickly get tiresome when you re in the same dungeon for num_num hours or more .
i purchased this coffee maker about two weeks ago when my oster finally died .
really seems like they went backwards in this game .
i would not recommend this particular style of gold toe socks .
i didn t feel that this was any more effective than taking vitamin c supplements .
personally ,  i would not buy it myself or recommend this product to a friend .
beware !  this product does not work with mac os x num_extend or later .
the cleaning was not very good ,  better results with car wash suds .
this is a game with a lot of subtle problems that should have been caught in the beta testing .
this item arrived  during the winter ,  not the hot summer months  separated and watery .
price was good  under $ a can  but would not recommend ,  kind of generic ,  flavorless taste .
they had me take the handle apparatus off the machine and troubleshoot with them .
i was hoping this would block out office noise without having to play music on headphones .
the volume dial doesn t always work ,  sometimes it turns volume up ,  but other times nothing happens .
activision failed to keep the hot streak going with this franchise .
i have had difficulty sleeping since i was at least num_extend
if you like the tv show ,  then don t pay any more than that .
i bought two flavored coffees but they are way too bold and strong for a morning coffee drinker .
i purchased this because i saw it writes oil free and it s cheaper than clinique . i was belied .
i m sure the clip would break quickly as it doesn t appear to be very well made .
i just bought this and tried it about num_num times and felt num_num difference .
also ,  doesn t do a great job of protecting the phone ,  as it will split apart in a drop .
i cannot take the risk of another asthma attack . btw my friend said they have no smell when dry .
i tried everything i could think of ,  including a jar opener .
my hair feels the same after using this .
even for the price i would not recommend this to any one .
i purchased this in january to use with my nikon num_extend
definitely do not recommend you get what you pay for .
states book with a similar concept ,  minus the batteries ,  but spent about num_num minutes on this dud .
i was not impressed with this product whatsoever .
i should have known by the price that it s fake but i somehow trusted amazon .
this watch looks nice but it is made cheap  that s why we pay about num_num dollars in amazon  .
this is absolutely the worst piece of high tech equipment i have ever bought .
again ,  hard resetting it over an over helped . this device cost far too much to behave this way .
so this is a cheap way to stop your screen from being damaged .
this is the most dissapointing pc game i have bought in quite a while .
that made me question if i should still be using the product .
have never had this happen with any other holster .
this is by far the worst litter box i have ever owned .
this is the worst shoe i ever bought .
unfortunately i m not polyethnic so i won t be buying anything from carol s daughter ever again .
this prevents me from being efficient with contact management and note taking .
the bottom part of the case was badly bent ,  so it doesn t hold the phone very well .
i d like to say that the  planetary ai  feature does some things right ,  but it really doesnt .
i am convinced that this will be a problem when snow fall is a factor .
it takes num_num to num_num seconds before it is completely silent .
i gave this camera to my son yesterday for christmas and today it completely stopped working .
if that were the case it would be my fault . contacting customer service at orient usa was a nightmare .
twelvesouth supposedly has a warranty ,  so i contacted them for a replacement .
now i don t know why i ve waited so long .
i knew with the first bite that the crackers now had an unpleasant  twang  in the taste .
after being told it was the best game ever ,  i bought this game and was very very disappointed .
it worked for about num_num weeks ,  then suddenly became mute .
the squeaker fell out within num_num minutes and my dog began to disassemble the bone .
after using for four days ,  i looked twenty years older !  it did not firm ,  so my skin became saggy .
these are hard to fit together and they don t stay . you can t  build  anything with them .
try reading your email or text with large black font .
this product does not stay down and no way can you keep all the bubbles out .
i would have been very happy to get stations from just canada and mexico ,  but no such luck .
i should have a samsung one instead; japanese product doesn t guarantee the quality .
this type of moccasin used to be a favorite of mine .
i would not recommend anyone buying this mower .
this fan is so noisy that it didn t even last five minutes in our home .
this product was just not the right product for me or my husband .
dont buy this crap ,  you could obtained this same charger for a $
i have purchased countless items from amazon ,  new or used ,  but never received empty box .
it doesn t feel like it offers any protection .
nevertheless ,  most of my gameboy advance games  excluding the incredibly poor num_num nightfire  are far more responsive than this .
first ,  the date says to use by num_extend num_num years from now .
these were returned because i was disappointed in them .
well it does not work any better then regenerist and over all for the price it is crap .
i also used that opportunity to change the rating to from num_num stars to num_num star .
its tetris in some ways but there s just something off about it .
i didn t like it and i will not purchase it again .
the trigger was a bit long and hard for target shooting ,  as others have said .
so ,  if you have sensitive skin ,  you may want to skip this product !  .
i keep trimming off the threads ,  but i should just throw it away .
me and the wife have both had the iphone num_extend num_extend and now num_extend plus two ipads .
this happens about every month . this router has very bad firmware ,  and no prospects of improvement .
if you re looking for something innovative or interesting ,  this game definitely isn t where to go .
i do not know if the smaller equivalent works similarly ,  but i would not recommend this one .
other than that ,  not much good to say .
they of cores reimbursed me but why the huge difference from same company ?  let down .
in the past num_num years ,  many of them have been starting to break on me .
i ordered this modem to add fax capabilities on my num_num computer .
even though the game set me back just num_num bucks ,  i feel i wasted my money .
it has left a bad after taste for num_num days now .
the sound quality is horrible ,  and the material and the craftsmanship is very poor .
there have been a couple last turn thrillers where we won ,  but other than that ,  not much fun here .
i used this cookie sheet liner and it wrinkled up after one use .
this is little more than putting oil on your eyelashes and brows .
the other five bags will be given away to unsuspecting family members .
i like this company but this product just wasn t good .
i bought this for my num_num year old ,  not really paying attention to the age suggestion .
i have been sugared many times and get sick of paying for it ,  so i bought this .
i do not recommend ,  would not buy again ,  and ,  i hope this helps someone .
purchased this item this july num_num and received it num_num days later .
the num_extend lasted barely a year before stopping to work and a replacement broke quickly as well .
this is good cat litter and clumps well ,  but its just as bad as most other litter dust wise .
my house receiver could play this speaker box and it barely outputs num_extend
awful product ,  won t hold charge ,  lasts less than original battery .
if this wasn t free with the purchase i made i would never have bought it for num_num bucks .
this is the first disappointment in a carhartt item in tall .
swapped batteries a couple of times to make sure that wasn t the issue ,  and it wasn t .
functionality is good ,  but quality or quality control is very poor .
even in the tutorial this was evident . the first biggest problem with this :  moving your units .
lastly ,  this product made my skin look and feel very oily .
i give it num_num stars because it doesnt make you crazy tired the next day like some other meds .
the material of this shirt was very rough ,  he did not like it at all .
this product made no difference to my breathing unfortunately .
i bought these lee jeans over num_num years ago .
i actually don t hate this product ,  the problem is ,  it s totally pointless and actually bad for your candida problem .
another flavor might be more tasty ,  but i won t be purchasing this product for myself .
don t bother with this product ,  save your money and just get a sidesaddle and be done with it .
i ordered this network router for my home office .
this device worked sometimes ,  but more often than not would drop data and slow to a crawl .
this pan is definitely not worth the money .
i would order several more but it is useless to me .
i have had many of the others listed here and have had no problem with them .
bought this elsewhere and not even num_num fires to one ,  and almost tears apart .
i returned this because the headphone jack didn t connect well with my samsung smart phone .
causing a unsafe situation . i do not recommend this product .
these bandaids are cheaply made and very strange .
i used this one for a couple months and finally switched back .
i would not recommend any shampoo at that price !  .
i think it would work with a little bigger magazine but ,  not the num_extend or beretta num_extend
i got two units for my company to see if we should order num_num more .
i agree with the other people who gave this one poor marks .
about a week later it suddenly stopped working .
they also looked like cheap plastic not leather .
my cats wouldn t have anything to do with these treats .
i didn t have large pores untill i used this product ,  it makes my skin look hard and greasy .
buying this hub could be the worst thing you ever do to your computer .
i would not recommend this cover to my friends .
i m in my early thirties ,  so i don t have a lot of problems with wrinkles .
i rented this game because of other reviews but the graphics aren t that great .
i definitely would not get these as my primary pair of headphones .
i was somewhat disappointed in this product due to the fact that it doesn t work with combo devices .
i tried num_num different sets of batteries and made sure they were in correctly .
i would have never bought this game even if it were to come out .
based on other people s reviews ,  this is not the first time this has happened and this is false advertising .
from these perspectives ,  buying tivo now assures you are buying a product that will shortly be obsolete .
i hated to return them as they were great except for the double vision .
i m giving this only num_num star more because of the seller than the game .
the nesco and this emson supposedly reach num_extend but i am not sure how i would actually verify that .
secondly don t play with the lens because once they come out ,  they will keep coming out .
you would think that being that it has a dial that would not occur ,  but it does .
the tabs that hold it on also look as if they would break with regular use .
this product does not do a better job than rocks or gravel .
if i had seen that i definitely would not have ordered this compass .
these seem to work for a lot of people but are just not right for me .
i would not recommend this toy for anyone .
even if this case did withstand a little water it s design is unintelligent .
i love capezio but this was not love at first sight .
not that they re as good as bbq potato chips  which i love  ,  they just don t taste like ketchup .
for me ,  the licorice just wasn t up to par ,  especially considering the price .
i ordered this product and it took num_num weeks before i got it .
however this unbranded version does not work at all .
i have this num_num starts instead of num_num because perhaps for num_num small cat it would be ok .
it s graphics are poor ,  it s excitement level last for all of about num_num minutes .
this was cut small and the quality was less than i expected .
those two stopped being able to get to charge the tablet in less then a week each .
i used it last night in my shower and i m still burning and in pain .
cannot recommend this scope to anyone ,  look elsewhere for something better .
it s a shame they don t have a gasket ,  but they rely on plastic against plastic to form the seal .
i could not believe that they are actually making a second one after this one has bombed so much .
the headphones get too warm ,  and they re flat ,  not very comfortable .
very disappointing since i have used their products for years without incident .
which hasn t been updated since november num_extend gates .
these treats gave my shih tzus diarrhea and they are not % made in the usa .
i would have been better served to buy a large bag of cotton balls for half the price .
the website   .  .  .   offers tech support but they don t have a direct way to contact them .
if you re thinking about boiling water in this .
this was not a $ coffee maker !  i cannot recommend it !  very disappointing !  .
it just doesn t fit snugly on the phone like it should !  .
if you have an nvidia num_extend you will probably have better luck .
this was a complete and utter waste of money .  .  . here s the beginning of my laundry list of num_extend
this is not a durable toy and within num_num minutes or less my dog chewed it to bits .
the tint is pointless with this product because it blends into nothing .
the only thing is they don t stay in place .
all in all it broke pretty quickly ,  so not really a great toy for children under num_extend
only num_num speaker works now ,  not good quality .
these screen protectors were very chunky and i could not get them to go on my phone correctly .
the oem blade is a frameless blade just like this anco .
i ordered this from the warehouse section at amazon and the product has a missing  and needed  audio cord .
my tongue must have misled me . it matters little ,  though ,  since i did not like the taste .
they tried several different techniques but the dough refused to rise in the machine .
could not get this headphone to work at all with my computer .
it s only been about num_num weeks ,  but i haven t noticed any effect to my skin .
i would not recommend these and i am going to return them tomorrow .
this stuff did not work very well at all .
i ordered this from amazon ,  and the one i got was completely wobbly and unstable .
the wind still flies up underneath this one ,  so for me ,  it s no better than any other umbrella .
i bought this used for $ so no worries .
the product arrived quickly ,  and i opened the box and tasted them .
the battery life on this thing is pathetic .
there were so many things wrong with this cat shelf .
and i supposed left handed people have had more than their share of being bitter at right handed objects .
i am not a fan of cases that cover any amount of the front of the phone .
as this is my num_extend unit i won t be buying linksys again .
the headset appears to work for about num_num minutes or so .
given the weight and the difficulty finding replacement parts ,  i would not purchase it again .
i removed it after two weeks of use and it sets ,  not worth the money spent .
they were all looking pretty fuzzy and balled up ,  so time to shave them .
however ,  i have come back to revise my review after sharing it with other members of my family .
it gets about num_num minutes of action every now and then . would i recommend :  no .
also ,  when you buy this game ,  don t plan on playing it the same day .
in the last num_num months of operations ,  i have had to reset it at least a dozen times .
i will definitely not be using this product again .
this case protects my phone while adding very little bulk to my phone .
they re actually hollow plastic sticks with strands of brush on the ends . almost like drinking straws .
oh ,  i also add the flowtron tape that came with the device to the bottom .
i purchased this product to burn cd s for my legally purchased digital music from itunes and amazon .
next time i ll spend the extra money and hopefully have better luck .
unacceptable ! i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i generally like philosophy products ,  but this stuff is not worth it .
i thought this would be a fun addition to my boys nerf gun collection but i was sadly mistaken .
i m surprised that amazon . com has not pulled this item from the shelf .
these balls are not what i d come to expect from kong .
however you it does not work like you would expect .
i did not pay much for this watch ,  maybe that should have been my first clue .
i contacted the seller and they sent me another one which still didn t fit .
mirror cracked in num_num places within the first num_num minutes of opening the package .
i generally love kashi stuff ,  but these were a disappointment .
i am patient and wait over num_num hours before i use my phone each time after installation .
don t play this game ,  i d rather watch the movie .
you can t blow up anything like you can in goldeneyeso compared to goldeneye ,  id skip this game .
i really wish i could give this product num_num stars ,  i really do .
this is a very small ,  not average sized razor .
this product is a waste of your money .
i was all ready to buy this game but after reading the reviews iam glad i didnt .
i d used my old pressure cooker for over num_num years .
this is a tiny ,  flimsy case that doesn t fit a single speedloader i own .
had this keyboard connected to my computer for only num_num minutes .
from day one ,  i had problems with it freezing about halfway through each dvd i watched .
this on the otherhand didnt work at all .  . couldnt charge no device that its says its compatible with .
right off the bat ,  as others have noted ,  this is definitely cheaply made item .
everything about this game is infuriating to play .
i didn t expect much from this product ,  except for it to hold water .
halo num_num is even worse than halo num_extend
a shame too since it looks like it would be a really great game .
i have been waiting on an answer from them .
this location could have been the  gate  ,  where plastic comes in to the mold tooling forming this case .
i bought num_num packs and had to throw them all away .
i ordered this case just before i got my new iphone num_num based on mostly positive reviews .
i m downgrading this from three stars to num_num star .
i got this phone ,  and there was constant problems with it; they contacted me and replaced the phone .
it took about num_num minutes to brew num_num cups .
i am pissed hope it did not damage my tank . this heater lasted maybe num_num days .
i will add pictures of these cracks to this num_extend have the model with the wooden plunger . it s too small .
this game is just the opposite of what the box art suggests .
at a power rating of num_num watt per speaker ,  they sound much smaller than they look .
fisher price needs to put this van back on the drawing board and put quality doors on the van .
i am a fan of planet waves ns capos ,  but this new one is not very well designed .
i was looking for a good retinol but there isn t much in this product .
too bad .  .  . because i liked this case a lot at first .
i was looking forward to trying this because i had read some great stuff about it .
i have been rarely as disappointed in a product as i was with this release .
and most importantly the game is full of bugs and glitches that make this game almost unplayable .
about num_num months later the watch stopped running .
i took a look at the box again just to make sure it wasn t a puzzle game .
i thought they were awful ,  would never buy again .
my kids played with this for num_num minutes .
i will use it until it fails ,  but given the price ,  this is a very disappointing product .
can we give it negative num_num stars ?  it doesn t deserve even one star .
lucasarts stole my money ! this is one of the worst games i ve bought in num_num years .
i know ,  because i did overfill my first food processor ,  and i ve since learned what s too much .
i bought it within num_num months ago and i barely used it too .
this is probably the worst mix drink i have ever had .
i have no problem with my sony and the library book i wanted is now on my sony .
in the long term ,  a year or less expect this coffee maker to leak .  .  .  . everywhere .
i bought this for my daughter ,  and she was sad when it stopped working completely .
two things make me recommend not buying this num_extend
what are they thinking treating people like this .
we re staying away from this company from now on .
this grinder does not produce evenly ground coffee ,  there is some fine powder ,  and some coarser coffee .
it s just no better than any other i ve tried .
i have now read the other reviews and have no idea how anyone could give these a positive review .
i still have dark spots ,  none of that improved  perhaps it would work better on the face ?   .
even cheaper duffle bags i ve bought have last longer than this .
my husband doesn t see the point in rinsing dishes before putting them in the dishwasher .
once again ,  another frustrating thing about this product .
i like some of the other go raw items but the pizza flax snax were just not good .
in this case you get what you paid for .
save your money and buy another toy instead of this one .
it is only for very low chopping needs and i would never buy this product !  .
i ve used powders for years and this was the worst flavor and smell that i have ever tasted .
i do not recommend this product to anyone at all .
first time i used this mixer was on cake batter .
amy s usually makes great products ,  but they desperately need to change this soup .
i now have num_num huge zits on my chin and my face never feels clean after i use this .
i guess she would rather eat dogfood than this product !  .
num_num out of num_extend num_num update : i have been unable to use the device for most of this year .
this is by far the worst lash adhesive i have ever used .
the color of my hair looks nothing like the color on the box  i used chestnut brown  iced truffle .
personally ,  i would prefer a nice ,  cheap soaking tray .
what i had was either hard boiled eggs or raw whites ,  nothing in between .
you have to empty the canister about every num_num minutes in order to maintain decent num_extend
very poor quality cable ties ,  not gb brand as advertised .
people i called complained about this headset just as much as with my cheaper motorola headsets .
the fit is also very tight and was not comfortable after about num_num minutes .
if i had a choice ,  i d tell you to spend your money on that toy and skip this one .
so ,  will never order these by mail again and must pay the exorbitent price the go for at martin s .
this product says it is for transporting up to a num_num pound animal .
i ve been riding bicycles and motorcycles for the past num_num years ,  wearing all sorts of helmets .
would be interested to see if anyone else had this problem .
save your money if your pup is a heavy chewer like mine .
i bought this case years ago for my iphone num_num and it started falling apart a week into use .
i kept getting queasy ,  so we just decided to throw it away .
garden of life s supplements ,  while they look great in theory ,  always suck .
i have tried to get them interested in the toy ,  but they walk away .
they re cheap ,  easy ,  and actually taste like bacon ,  while this leaves a lot to be desired .
i was % disappointed . very very horrible recording quality from cable even with the highest recording quality option .
it stopped holding a full charge which should last num_num hours .
used this shampoo for the first time last night and the conditioner .
i didn t spend a lot of money but obviously something is wrong with them .
when i d wear long swearers the fabric would always get caught in the velcro .
whisper  is not part of this product s make up .
sorry folks i don t know a thing about this product .
i ve bought baseball shirts before that were much better .
i got out a volt meter and discovered that the internal wires were wired with two of them reversed .
most items in this care package are very unhealthy and don t even taste very good .
i don t recommend this product based on the flavor and i think the health claims are dubious .
well i ve been using this lube for over a year ,  and it is terrible for use on your chain .
i had high hopes when i purchased this game num_num days ago .  .  . already i m bored with it .
i bought this because of the reviews and it lasted about num_num months when it started to malfunction .
i would not order this product again but instead will search for a vendor selling the filter pods only .
there are only num_num good things about this game .
i definetly won t buy any more of these nor do i recommend them .
this system of exploration ,  which doesn t actually let you explore much at all ,  comes off as stilted and constraining .
it just ripped one day as she was picking it up . will not buy this brand again .
since this plug is num_extend it should be more than adequate but it isn t .
the only reason why i would recommend this product to anyone is because it s cheap .
this is not a product i would recommend or choose to purchase .
it s not that i don t like the product ,  it s just not what i expected it to be .
first off ,  i ve been using navitas goods for quite some time now .
it stinks !  ! there is really only one reason that i will probably keep this phone .
very unfortunate too ,  because it s amazing how the internet is filled with vitamins ,  minerals ,  etc .
i bought this pannini press less than num_num months ago .
guess ill just have to keep searching for a bright blue .
i have read many good reviews about this product but to be honest ,  i was disappointed .
i ve had this for a couple of years and it s wasted a lot of my time since then .
not easy to operatewhen you go out with this camera ,  bring your user manual with num_extend
the new one seemed to be an older unit than the one that lasted for num_num months .
quite surprising and totally unacceptable for a product of this price range .
i m a bit ambivalent about this product ,  but lean way toward the negative opinion side .
these tongs are ok but they really do not have a solid feel to them .
after three and a half weeks of using this product my skin is irritated with a reddish hue .
it s no better than a cheap bra from a discount store .
i guess you get what you pay for and i will probably be buying a better one soon .
we have two black labs and a cat and this thing is worthless on carpet .
it was cracked when i got it ,  and broke the first time i used it .
outside of that ,  it s my only complaint . all in all ,  this isn t such a good deal .
do not buy this product unless you like feeling sick .
what i didn t like about the ring are the points on the marquise shape .
i like the size and form but this case does not fit my gsiii very well .
i should have been given a change to exchange them for another pair since they are defective .
i gave it four stars because of the lousy speakers and two workout options .
right after i took them out ,  it looked nice but it fell flat after about num_num minutes .
this web site must have been designed and built by a chimp .
the hazelnuts are lost in that variety ,  too; had such high expectations and these just fell flat .
i thought i would save money by replacing my mbt s with these .
i have short wavy hair that i scrunch up after washing .
i would not recommend this case to anyone !  .
this is just the worst toy that i ve ever bought for my child .
i thought this product would be perfect ,  what a disappointment .
these earbuds are incredible  ,  in regard to the sound ,  but they last around a month .  .  .  . so they are worthless .
it s not just num_extend either ,  pretty much anything sony sucks these days .
also ,  this camera is not as well made as prior models .
this could be a good thing or a bad one ,  depending on how much room you have .
i made banana nut bread two ways :  num_extend
changing the ending alone would have been enough to make the game about num_num times better .
imo ,  bent rings are in no way strong enough for a cell phone ,  camera ,  or num_extend player .
got it cause it was cheap ,  however it does protect your iphone if it falls .
i bought these bubbles in the summer ,  and they didn t work :  didn t dry out .
too small and narrow and very disappointed  ,  we have purchased before and this is totally different sizing .
the worst part though is the stupid phrases that come out of the turtles  mouth talk about annoying  .
next time i ll just make sure i get a phone with gorilla glass or something like it .
a lack of continues or save feature keeps you from wanting to jump back in when you die .
within num_num months this thing stopped powering on .
i guess i expected a $ vac to last longer than three months .
i m really disappointed in the overall functioning of this coffee maker .
this canrack doesn t hold enough cans to be very useful .
i made my son use this over carpet only and asked that he wear shoes when playing with it .
this product is garbage on many levels . cons : first ,  quality control is obviously a problem with this item .
my regular size would have been too small .
it will last a long time on your lips as long as nothing touches them .
i gave this product two stars because it doesn t fit tight enough on my num_extend nikon scope .
even the otterbox case for this phone are disappointing and won t last long .
i gave up and thought the collar would help .
so ,  you ll end up spending more work cleaning this pressure cooker than my bigger fagor splendids .
i gave it num_num stars because i do not know if it is effective against deer .
the plastic is thin and seems more brittle than other little people sets .
now i cant trust buying something like this from here .
the actual case does not look like the picture .
all of this happened within the first month of me having the food processor .
other than the fact it s not very sweet ,  it does taste like a chemical lab to me .
with terrible sound play control and too little characters this game bites the big one .
also ,  i didn t realize that this product is made by dirtdevil .
they were not what i expected because they were not like the sickerdoodle cookies that i have had before .
before buying this i had read various reviews of some folks liking it and others saying it s too small .
unsuitable for very young kids as they tend to place everything in their mouths .
after using it once a week for three months the motor burnt out .
i ve read many of the reviews of this game and notice that everyone keeps saying it s  buggy  .
i just possibly wanted it to do something that it wasn t made to do .
it makes noise to for some reason is much less annoying .
this is the num_extend rio product in my household .
the original data cable lasted more than num_num years ,  this one ,  only num_num weeks ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  .
i used it num_num times and it and only take my battery up num_num % and dies on me .
in just num_num months ,  the dog we were treating with the  cheap  products deteriorated rapidly .
i would not buy this item again nor would i advise any one else to get it either .
i m not joking this thing literally is almost the size that you see on your computer .
i have used two of these and i think i need to get the higher quality ones .
i have used this a few times and have seen no difference in shine or color .
i too ordered replacement packs from the company over num_num months ago .
i m sorry i purchased them and they seemed to have been used when i purchased them .
i ve purchased this product a few times and this last time around ,  the product has a strange smell .
bought this for my xl god who loves balls ,  but he has shown zero interest in this .
it s no better than any other volumizing product i ve ever tried .
these things work for merely seconds at full blast if that .
however ,  if it is then it must have been their  duds  that came off of their production line .
other than looks it does nothing else for your phone .
these are very small and did not even come close to adding size .
this water is disgusting and tastes like another brand also sold at costco .
this is the cheapest piece of crap i ve ever seen .
i would not recommend these pads at all .
when the dock does work it takes over num_num hours to completely charge the batteries .
various plastic parts completely broke off after a little more than a year .
tried this several times and it did not help at all .
i also saw in the review that people had problems with the handle being too long .
this model comes with no air tubing and an electrical wire that you stick into the wire .
but i seem to be in the group of users who have an allergic reaction to this product .
i just couldn t believe how cheap this case looked .
i tried this one for about num_num weeks .
don t spend your money on this or you will be sadly disappointed on this purchase .
trust me ,  unless you are only planning to hang up very ,  very small number of items ,  save your money !  .
at first ,  i thought maybe it was just plastic from when i bought it that was peeling off .
i know hormones do crazy things ,  but i got a horrible pregnancy mask while using this in the sun .
we could ,  but these crumbs have a serious sticking issue .
just remember :  no corn ever and meat should be the first ingredient .
very few and far between . it took me about num_num hours playing time to complete this game .
i ve used several other detergents and this one is ,  by far ,  the worst .
the second computer is older than the first .
it s just easier to dip a paper towel in margarine and wipe it on .
my loyalties aside ,  i will not be purchasing this product again ,  i regret to say .
it s a decent unit ,  but stopped working completely after about num_num months .
having used it for a few months ,  i can say that this is a frustrating piece of equipment .
i bought these headphones in late num_num and a few weeks back they stopped working .
i tried this product for num_num months and i have to say it didnt do anything for my acne .
i returned this product because it was clearly a used headset .
this battery has num_extend while the sony has num_extend
the reviewers who give it num_num stars are probably working for the developers and trying to sell more games .
my opener tends to have problems with goya garbanzo beans .
my local grocery store was clearing out these for $ each .
i was really looking forward to getting the presto num_num qt .
i ve had two of these pumps over the last num_num years and they are both broken now .
this item did what it was supposed to do ,  but now it has stopped charging .
the other thing is this is an oily product that is thick and sticky .
it s not like i don t know what i m doing . i ve had nothing but headaches with this drive .
i am not pleased with this product and would not recommend it to any one else .
frankly ,  this looks ,  feels ,  and functions like a cheap knockoff .
so now i am back to using the ports on my computer . so i m not happy with the product .
anywhere else ?  forget it !  i had one of these several years ago  before i knew better  .
i ordered the wrong size so was unable to use them so i gave to a friend .
i have converted over num_num cassette tapes to cd so i know what i d doing .
i bought two pairs and after num_num months ,  i have noticed that the soles on both pairs have disintegrated .
i ordered many different coffees from amazon ,  and this one is definitely worst of all of them .
this sponge is not up to the quality you would expect from a silk sponge .
the part that plugs into your car doesn t look like this either .
there are other magic kits online ,  buy one of those instead this one is just pure crap .
i don t know why exactly but both cats stopped using it within three days of set up .
this thing is absolute garbage that will fall apart on you within a few weeks of use .
this was my first experience with a bad quality toy .
i can t believe it took a little over a year ,  but it no longer has any suction .
at first it seemed the rabbit liked this hay but after one day he wouldn t really eat it .
i have num_num other pair of roc pants that are not made in china .
i only gave them a num_num stars because it arrived on time .
num_num listings of this product ,  different color ,  yet when receive its the same .
come on now ,  wrangler has been manufacturing jeans longer than i have been alive and this is ridiculous .
it s not very good either ,  but at least not as bad as this .
i had these for only a few weeks and they have quit working entirely .
worse ,  i bought this as a very special present ,  but it was ruined because it was shipped on .
i was very excited to receive this lens after reading the reviews here at amazon .
she has a galaxy num_extend and it struggled to pair with the headset .
i think this was a less then quality construction .
this is embarrassing when giving as a gift .
i tried this brand of protein bars and they re awful .
i use it about num_num times a week .
okay ,  so you just can t help getting coffee on the counter with all that static .
maybe for crazy hair day or  ?  ?  ?  i totally recommend passing on this product .
if i could have contented myself with that ,  i would have saved myself some money . the sniper is weak .
i have to reset it at least num_num times a week .
i have not found anything yet that will remove the mold .
so bottom line is that sega flopped this one just like they do everything else .
very cheaply made with a thin covering of leather over padding to add substance .
i only used it maybe num_num times before the temps went nuts on it .
this does not have a reverseable motor ,  nor does it have individual controls for each fan .
the sound quality is terrible . there are a lot of issues with the  games  as well .
this stuff fell so flat that i tried to sell what i had left on ebay .
this knife truly sucks and for good reason .
i read that they were amazing at cleaning stubborn scuff marks on floors ,  but i had no luck .
not very good quality and it s ruined a few of my tapes .
overall ,  i m disappointed and will not be purchasing these again in the future .
i also didn t like the fact that you can t store the sound cards on the board somehow .
they seem to have no effect on anything they hit ,  unless that creature actually dies .
i expected to like this drink because i like various fruit juices and i like carbonated beverages ,  as well .
the first time i used it she tilted her head and looked like  what was that ?   .
just like before the egg piercing ,  it s still about every other egg that is difficult to peel .
as a few others have posted ,  in here ,  the quality control on this chinese unit is poor .
i had some of these back in the num_extend and they are no better than they were then .
i guess they aren t thick enough to handle cupcakes baked in them ?  not very happy with the outcome .
it s scratched some just like one of the other users stated .
you get what you pay for and this is not worth the money .
the thing that really bothered me ,  was that i felt worse the entire next day .
i ordered num_num of these and if i had a box big enough ,  would send them back .
this one lasted num_num months and suddenly the suction stopped and it is leaking every where .
the only gr game that could be worse than this is num_extend versian .
num_num miiinnuuteess yeah so i m kind of raging over here should have just listened to ratings .
don t get this if you re buying a christmas present .
so they might fit for someone with a larger head but just not for me and my peanut head !  .
this product didn t really make much of a difference to our cats .
problem is that it does not last long .
he will probably use a different drill with this toy .
no matter what i did ,  i could not get this router to work .
these are lasting no more than num_num months i would say .
given another chance ,  i wouldn t get this . after using this for num_num years ,  i now consider it complete crap .
the problems is ,  it really does not work as you might think it will .
the story line was not goodand it was not worth the money i paid for .
he looks cheaply made and i regret this purchase .
although the battery operated models aren t much better ,  anything would be better than this .
i am really disappointed in the quality of these jeans .
i would not recommend this unless you like cheap looking fixes .
i really wanted to like this product , because i guess i was feeling a bit retro .
had i known that the picture was so inaccurate i would have chosen another color .
glad i keep the original cap dont think it would be worth shipping it back ?  .
i would not buy this product again ,  and i don t recommend it either .
a full charge won t last too much longer .
for my num_num yr old niece and my num_num year old daughter ,  this was just too complicated .
i looked at the pieces more closely and determined that they looked like pieces of plastic .
the only cool thing about this game is that you can set your characters weight ,  height and features .
i have tried contacting the seller multiple times and they have not responded .
the biggest problem with this product is the squirrels are too small for a large dog .
i have changed my rating from num_num stars to num_extend
this product is extremely costly ,  and i had better results with inflammation with pineapples .
aside from the fact that this is just plainly and simply does not work ,  the smell is overpowering .
i bought this based on the positive reviews here ,  and am really disappointed with it .
after johnson controls bought optima and moved the factory to mexico they have gone downhill .
this is by far the worst thing i have ever put in my hair .
was not pleased at all with this product .
get a good water filter ,  save a ton of money and plastic ,  and get much much better water .
my dog just turned num_num years old and has still never had another seizure .
if you check the ingredients it is not much different than other mac and cheese .
when combined with vitamin c and sodium bicarbonate  baking soda  ,  it forms benzene ,  a dangerous carcinogen .
this thing is practically impossible to clean thoroughly .
other kids i have seen play with this toy have a lot of trouble too .
i will discard the pan and either buy a good quality pressure cooker or do without one .
it broke with less than num_num times being used .
delivery was expensive too !  !  !  seems like it will fall apart easily .
didn t fit my nexus s at all ,  and the screen protectors were cheap junk .
after reading the good reviews ,  i tried out this pci card .
this was the very first time the comb was used ,  so not impressed .
i don t see a way to accomplish that with this device .
this means it is not compatible with other iphone camera apps or functions .
to be fair ,  i only used this one time ,  on a portable dvd player with tv tuner .
wouldnt buy this again and wouldnt recommend it .
both broke at the hinges ,  just like everyone else s .
in my opinion ,  this product did nothing for my dogs paws .
companies are still giving little info on this ,  but viking s website says the num_extend works on my camera .
i cannot help but think that this possibly had something to do with it .
also ,  if i have more than a day s growth ,  this shaver is useless .
they do not work good and they took forever to come .
the walking distance from transmitter to receiver was about num_num feet .
this is my pet peeve with all video games .
the graphics and features are just not that good .
this item frequently gives blood pressure readings such as :  num_num over num_extend
it may work with other phones or other iphone models but not with iphone num_extend
if you want to look inside the ear ,  i suggest you buy a much better quality otoscope .
for a long time ,  i have been using lubiderm with spf on my hands and chest .
and then the very first time i used it ,  the button to lift the pop up trimmer broke .
whenever enemies see you ,  which happens many times ,  they will shoot and kill you .
my puggle ,  who weighs all of num_num pounds ,  took off today and the flexi took off after him .
buyer another western like red dead revolver instead ,  one that does not have this foolish glitch .
this is not good game and the graphics are dated .
i have hooks on my back porch ,  but they are stationary .
every time you open the container you lose lots of flavor and you also lose money .
i would avoid this product like the plague .
this game is somewhat long . i was not all that impressed with the graphics .
i m fairly disappointed with this ,  but it s not horrible .
you just have to keep picking it up so the dog doesn t have access to it .
another scenario that this may or may not work in is the water at disney world .
i have bought tully s before ,  but nt from this seller .
each space marines has different attacking range from num_num to num_extend
one would think that kitchenaid would have fixed this problem .
ordered num_num of these items from num_num different places all through amazon .
i think this is the darkest shade they have .
i have so many problems with this game s story .  .  . okay ,  i have a lot of problems with this game period .
i only used this for bringing our puppy home and one trip later to a pet store .
which covers pretty much everything but a lost phone .
but this thing is a horribly wasteful way to kill a single num_extend
if you plan on using wireless devices near this product i would not recommend it .
sadly ,  this is the heaviest saddle i have ever hefted .
i am looking for the plain toaster now and will donate this one .
the handle is helpful when using this ,  but i would not buy this again .
there are plenty of other reviews to read . i had been unsure about buying the game for a long time .
i wasn t impressed and will not purchase these in the future .
this item seems like a good idea ,  but the truth is ,  it really does not work well .
these are just what i was looking for ,  just not the flavor i liked .
it worked fine for what we needed it for ,  but the quality was pretty amazingly bad .
this however was an unfortuante purchase that i will not repeat .
i really wanted this product to work out but from my personal experience ,  it smudges very easily .
once hot  heats up very quickly  it is inconvenient to grasp with a pot holder .
this is the worst headset i have ever owned .
after all ,  it s christmas morning to some of us . i do not recommend this product .
called the store and he said the one s i bought were cheap ones and his worked .
the only good thing about this game is the graphics .
the rods themselves are already cut crookedly and cutting them flat yourself is nearly impossible .
same problem with the denting . would i recommend ?  nope .
i just don t think this clie is worth the price .
i have had to go through three of these trackballs in less than four full years .
if you re like me and like hard cases and sparkly things ,  pass this up !  .
i was really looking forward to using this .
even when in place ,  the earbuds were not very comfortable .
this leash was so heavy that my poor chihuahua couldn t even walk without it dragging between her legs .
the first time i used it to mix cookie dough the beater wires bent .
it must have gained several inches making the belt much longer than when purchased .
i can t really say that this aided me in my immune protection since i couldn t continue taking the pills .
after using it for quite a few months at college ,  i can say this is an awful mounting bracket .
i m going to have to send this back and will not be purchasing another one .
thats why i gave the rating num_num star !  !  !  !  !  !  its fun but too many bad words !  !  !  !  .
they do not apply well ,  andtend to adhere to their own paper ,  or fold over on themselves .
they are crunchy and have very little odor or flavor to interest my dog .
same thing happened ,  even though i used more the second time .
oxo really failed in the design of this timer .
i m sure they probably work better on fiberglass .
i had this on my home network for three months and it only worked for the first num_num weeks .
my child enjoys throwing the plastic coins around ,  but other than that ,  it has not interested him .
i was pretty disappointed with this ,  and will probably very rarely use it .
i bought this num_extend because it was cheap .
i recently purchased num_extend num_num gal aqueon aquarium sets ,  with everything needed to get started .
i was not happy with this charger at all .
dont buy these if you want them for longer than a couple of months .
on the other hand ,  it means that the  game  isn t worth the purchase price .
definitely not worth the price and the shipping .
anyway ,  i was very dissapointed at this iteration of the nook . first off ,  the nookcolor is very heavy .
i would not recommend a purchase of this game until you can be certain the bugs are fixed .
what a waste of money !  incidentally ,  i replaced this headset with the plantronics voyager num_extend
just pain , pain , pain !  !  don t waste your money on this thing .
these usb devices are  trickle  chargers and do not work very well in my humble opinion .
so perhaps they would make better tasting coffee in the senseo pod coffee maker .
however ,  it starts to look terrible after a very short period of time .
if it were possible i would give num_num stars .
the tapes are much more expensive than the old emobossed wheel gun models they make .
i read reviews ,  but no one seemed to mention fragrance ,  so i took a chance .
i will not purchase again ,  and i recommend amazon stop doing business with this company .
sub standard cables ,  not the belkin quality i have come to expect .
i also would have liked it in a brown color all i could find was black .
i got up to $ before being thoroughly bored with this game .
they may just not work with your phone even though it is a phone it should work with .
i m not sure if it was a flaw ,  or if that s just how they were made .
there are better options out there ,  especially considering the price ,  so take a pass on this poorly made offering .
i have been using the protein mentioned for num_extend years with no ill effects .
i will not be purchasing this eye serum again .
this is the first time i m using a liquid liner and i was really looking forward to using it .
yuck !  !  i ve been using these for years ,  but this last batch makes my water taste bitter and undrinkable .
dont bother buyin this game if u must have a college bball game get num_extend
this is just a money ripper aimed at kids from the num_extend who have played these .
must have been some seasoning in this combination that i didn t like .
i returned it and would not recommend this product for any puppy .
i thought they were the hard plastic pills not the see through old school ones .
the white park broke off almost immediately and got dirty right away after getting the case .
the thing that really is annoying about this game is that you only get num_extend to beat every level .
my do would prefer to chew this apart rather than drop a deuce on it .
i used it once and will most likely not use agin ,  what a mess !  !  !  .
so they handed it over to the younger cousins ,  ages num_num num_extend
it looks sleek ,  takes up very little space ,  but has one tiny flaw .  .  .  .  . it doesn t open cans .
my skin just does not absorb this like i thought it would .
it is also very hard to move around because your view keeps num_extend
i thought i d try this based on some lovely reviews ,  but sadly this wasn t for me .
speaking of range ,  it only works for about num_num to num_num feet .
battery life is only so so at $ i would not consider this accessory a very good deal .
numi was just not good ,  i would not recommend it at all .
i had no problems with the provider or the arrival of the product .
i initially thought i would use this processor for salsas ,  herbs ,  and dressings .
this is just regular soap with a mediated smell .
this cover looks like its advertised but functiuonally it stinks .
this classic book iphone case is flimsy and the cover will not remain closed .
how could revlon market this knowing it is not stainless steel ? save a few dollars because this product is junk .
i was looking forward to making sausage and tried the day after it arrived .
i do note most of my problems have been with the fuji tapes .
even if these shoes had fit ,  i would have returned them .
i waited the full num_num weeks before writing this review .
i suppose if it had fit ,  it would have been helpful .
i see the pic and it showing that there were num_num of them .
this is the num_extend philips product i have purchased in my life  the other is a num_extend tv  .
yes it s a little thicker but do you want to protect your screen or pretend to .
i d rather spend more money in hindsight and buy a better brand .
it is cheaper than the cheapest toilet paper i used num_num years ago when visiting a communist country .
as a bowling game toy it does not work very well .
this is the first and last time i will order frontline plus through amazon .
well ,  they were ,  but after about num_num minutes and nothing happened ,  they began freaking out .
would probably be ok for a pellet gun or standard num_num rifle . would not recommend this scope .
even after num_num years using this keyboard ,  i still have problems trying to hit the num_extend button .
but it does not keep them flea free for num_num days ,  like they advertise .
i didn t seem to have any problems with my old charger that i was using before .
it s too small even if marked a size num_extend
it s the price point where it s not worth getting support from the seller .
maybe it works for some people but for me it was not worth the money .
so annoyed with this product because it slides off my head as well .
it looks like i will need to keep buying canon cords .
running on batteries as a handheld picks up car engine noise from even num_num feet away .
he played with it for about num_num minutes ,  and i haven t seen it since .
i have tried several nail polish stoppers and just like the rest this did not work .
when he pulled his head out ,  the lid would just hang around his neck . it didn t work for us .
but really ,  the rain missile doesn t do very much apart from visual appeal .
they were still steaming ,  but again were very dark brown .
these provided absolutely no improved reception at all over the cheap fm antenna that came with the receiver .
i do not recommend this item as it smells bad and the dog will not eat it .
i have num_num different air cleaners at home and at work and this one is the loudest .
also the angle coming down is quite dangerous . would not recommend these at all .
the second to last time i used it ,  i thought i smelled smoke .
this is the most disappointing product i have ever seen .
they are however much better than the slime glueless patches which won t even get you home .
ds wanted it for christmas last year so i ran out to get it christmas eve .
it s a bottom only tray style case ,  cheaply made and offers no real protection .
the adapter works fine ,  but it shouldn t be required in the first place .
this is a very good idea but it is too hard to be comfortable and is ignored .
jade ,  the dog that they were truly for wouldn t touch them ,  absolutely hated them .
the graphics in this game is the only thing in it that s better than the original .
i should have read the amazon review first  not very good  and bought something here  cheaper  .
i used it about num_num times a month for the last num_num years .
instructions for installing this card were a nightmare to follow .
now i agree with many of the other reviewers ,  this thing is not built to last .
i talked to customer service ,  they finally said ,   take it back to the store  .
ordered this awhile ago opened it up and hidden tag stated max weight num_extend
that s where my positive review of this product ends .
i am not at all pleased with their customer service .
even after all of that ,  my ears still sagged with the earrings .
even though i paid very little ,  they were not worth the money .
i used this about twice a week and never left it on for long periods .
here are our independent reviews : my wife :  i am confused by the labeling of this product .
as others have said ,  these don t work for all feet .
i bought this as a substitute to bottled water ,  however i wasn t that thrilled with it .
save your money and don t waste your time buying this one .
according to meguiars ,  they don t recommend this pad with meguiars da num_extend
what was disappointing was the opening of the case is made for someone that is left handed .
would not recommend this product to others as to taste .
like the title says ,  i m not sure these  super pills  are quite worth the price .
but ,  since i paid what i paid for it ,  i am disappointed .
they fit horribly ,  don t have good sound quality ,  and are awkwardly designed .
this is a very tiny and an extremely thin product .
so that s $  and i m being modest here  for such a faulty product .
this product has num_num grams of carbs and only num_num of protein .
the first thing i notice is that this trimmer feels cheap .
i was use to a little stiffer bag that stay upright when you pack it .
but the worst part of this pool is that it only lasted maybe num_num weeks .
i have been using this for less than a week ,  and i am going to dump what s left .
i was disappointed with this product and will try something else in the future .
i used to use this one product as a foundation and under eye concealer .
i had high hopes for this product after reading the reviews ,  but for me it was a dud .
the gold was a a dark mustard color and did not look like the nice gold in the picture .
the replacement one i just bought ,  and am reviewing here ,  reads num_num degrees lower than the actual temperature .
and it doesn t look much like i expected ,  and isn t easy to get into the right shape .
this animal was at num_extend from about num_num feet up .
this charger really starts to lose performance the more time you use it .
when i visited the xbox live website ,  i was informed that it will not work with aol broadband .
i ve been using this stuff on a new futon to keep a cat from urinating on it .
i d rather sound better and not have as good noise cancellation than have good noise cancellation but sound crappy .
edited to add :  it s been num_num months now and i just woke up to find it broken .
or if you have the money just invest in a mac paint pot .
i have had this case for months and have never used it once because of how it fits .
another thing ,  killing lowbies doesn t give dishonorable kill points .
let me just say that battery that came with are not compatible with iphone .
accidentally order another one just like this one ,  was not satisified at all of the whole way it looked .
one dog will not touch this at all and the other will eat half a portion .
the levers work poorly  one broke completely within num_num months  .
you really can get a better kerastase product for this money .
amazon should be embarrassed . i should add that a coworker had the same issue with bistro crocs bought from amazon .
the only issue i had with these ,  were that they were a little hard .
the reflection is good like shown but it is not a good idea to put on your phone .
i bought this product veeeery long time ago and never used till num_num moths ago .
you really have to get it done in about num_num seconds before it dries .
i am a little bummed because i expected more of this brand .
i would never have thought there would be a difference in screen protectors ,  but there is .
none of the other reviews mentioned this problem .
some have complained there s no control in the headset .
i would not recommend this brand as it has a weird flavor .
when i first recieived and used this product i rated it with num_num stars and wrote the review below .
something like this product should not arrive like one of these did .
the thin fabric just does not help with that .
if you have anything more than peach fuzz this thing simply lacks the power to cut through it .
maybe i just got a bad one ,  but a previous reviewer mentioned the same problem .
this is one of the worst games i have ever played ,  maybe the worst .
since these don t last through too many washes  maybe num_num tops !   ,  i think spending $ is just ridiculous .
this is my second time buying an extended battery and the same results .
i needed to clean the stainless steel thermal pot on my bunn drip coffee maker .
i know rancid oil when i taste it ,  and this is the worst i have ever tried to eat .
i only bought this overrated waste of time to complete my sonic collection .
i found it very cumbersome to work with .
to add ,  i don t find them very easy to clean off walls or clothes as others mentioned they were .
although ,  i like having different cutting surfaces available for use ,  i would not recommend this brand .
six months later i have to buy a new vacuum because the bissel no longer works at all .
so if you are looking for glueing or cementing something ,  this is your product .
i bought this brush specifically because it said  brass bristles  and that the bristle head was replaceable .
this is pretty much not worth the money .
it drops from num_num leds  full power  to about num_num leds in less than num_num mins .
i also did not get a headache like i did with the clementine num_extend stars for the grapefruit .
did they do it on purpose so people think they have small feet or was it a mistake ?  .
it was the worse possible mistake i could have ever made .
before i returned this maker i was pouring into a different cup right away .
that being said ,  that s like the only good thing about it .
to me ,  it s no better than any other holder in this regard .
this battery is not worth chancing even $ with prime shipping .
both unacceptable . this one fells pretty good in your hand and isn t too bulky for what it is .
a lot of people have given this item favorable reviews ,  but in my opinion it doesn t deserve it .
plugging it into usb ,  both the juice pack and the iphone would charge to full at the same time .
i can tell you that these will not charge your samsung galaxy num_extend
the problem is ,  you  literally !   can only run about num_num mile an hour while you re wielding this thing .
don t use this case at all ,  which is a shame because the colors are very nice .
maybe this explains the mix of  good  and  bad  reviews .
i can no longer use this lens after about num_num years of use .
i chose this low rating because this bra is highly structured and not made for comfort .
so every time i used bona it made it worse and worse .
i never used a spring ever all the years i have made coffee and i don t like it .
to make a long story short ,  i just got the num_extend one today .
it doesn t state  at least in the description above  that there s no power cord included with this unit .
this product did not work well for me .
as i said completely worthless ,  save your money and get something ,  anything ,  other than this .
i didn t think it would be an issue until i started using the remote for a while .
i have had other antennas similar to this that worked fine ,  but this one simply provided zero reception .
after about num_num months ,  my phone began freezing up ,  especially when the battery was low .
since it didn t have a great record on the reviews ,  i read all the reviews before purchasing .
this toy has been a constant source of frustration since i bought it .
only problem is two of the boards have split since i bought the set six months ago .
amazon was awesome when i called them and told them the product was  .  .  .  ,  and they accepted my return .
my loss ,  but your advantage if you know what i mean !  .
this game had so much potential ,  so much hype ,  and it did not deliver up to the expectation whatsoever .
i need a card reader but it is very unlikely i will buy anything from this manufacturer .
if you think that the only company making screen protectors for nds would do it right .  .  . your horribliy wrong .
this case does not fit the iphone num_num or num_extend
both these cases make the device very slippery .
this was the first product to pop up ,  had decent reviews ,  and was cheap .
wish i would have known because i wouldn t have gotten it or done business with this company .
this cleaner stopped working after i used it for about num_num times .
not well packaged ,  apparently  despite the tightly wrapped bubble wrap .
i have ordered num_num different kits from lego and they are not cheap .
i thought i would like this bra due to the zillion positive reviews ,  but it looked awkward on .
they were very well received ,  however after less than num_num minutes ,  they were showing wear on the colored sides .
i used this for my num_num gallon fish tank .
i have used num_num or num_num concentrator cups so far .
this is my fourth cuisinart coffee maker to fail .
day num_extend play time about num_num minutes and then ,   it broke !   .
it seems that the slime tube may work with shrader valves ,  but not with presta .
granted ,  i ve been using sony earbuds for the last num_num years ,  so that s what i am comparing them to .
did a corporation buy this founder out ?  ! these were innovative num_num years ago .
i was very leary when i couldn t find anything about their company .
the balls are very small ,  so be careful if you have very young children around .
we could probably have bought it cheaper in the local chinese grocery store .
what is the point if you have to struggle each time ? also mine was damaged .
however ,  this item did not arrive in new condition .
i tore this apart after it broke in num_num weeks and nothing was salvageable .
i usually really love loreal products ,  but i m not impressed with this moisturizer at all .
these were the only ones that jammed constantly .
this seemed like a bad idea for a product that hooks up to a fuel source .
also ,  i was at first puzzled that there were no assembly instructions .
the warranty statement on the packaging is just for show because this company does not exist .
i had a braided leather belt previously which lasted about five years .
maybe i was doing something wrong but i couldn t get it to pair with my blackberry or my num_extend
the only good thing i can say is that it didn t irritate my eyes .
very disappointed in the product ,  absolutely would not recommend .
i cannot even comprehend in the slightest how a game like this got any popularity .
they didn t seem to care for them much ,  and even i thought they seemed bland .
num_extend insufficient noise :  first ,  it s not loud enough even in the highest possible setting .
i cannot express in words the degree to which i hate this game .
there are nice chunks of nuts ,  but since they aren t toasted first they don t have that flavorful crunchiness .
i have owned this chair for two years and have simply had to give up sitting in it .
honestly i bought this game because of too much hype .
this product is useless and takes way too long to charge my phone .
after returning the watch that i bought i confirmed with victorinox by email that this watch has been discontinued .
also not sure if my very thick coarse hair is clean .
i have waxed before and it doesn t hurt nearly as much as this thing .
i also used the powersupply that came with it so low power didn t cause it to go nuts .
they just sit in my closet and i almost always take something else instead of these .
i think this should not steer anyone away from trying this product because it looks to be well made .
and it says ,  alcohol free but this one seems to have more alcohol .
i have had this sifter for num_num years .
i have had a cavity here and there over the last num_num years once in a blue moon .
i won t take up too much of your time .
even if this top coat was cheap  which is wasn t  i still would not recommend it .
i ve ordered antlers from various other suppliers and never received one so small .
there also don t appear to be any health packs so that you can replenish your health .
it seems like a very expensive price for what you get .
if you don t have the optional battery pack ,  this product is worthless .
i have to amend my review of the amaze after owning it for num_num months .
this one will not stay tuned ,  it is the design .
i have used this in the area of my litter box .
i used this is a num_num freightliner with a detroit engine .
there were some ceramic type stones that apparently can be used for cookies ,  etc .
one would think ,  by alll charts i could find ,  i would be a g cup .
i wish i had read the other review before i bought this item .
i did get very gassy the night i purposely ate num_extend pound of this product  but not smelly gas  .
i paid $ and will never waste money on another calphalon again .
will not be buying from this group again .
i would recommend against this filter for that reason alone .
i would not buy this again and wish i hadn t .
definitely going to look for another company . i recommend no one purchase this case .
that is one of the worst things about this game .
this product only works  slightly for me  with mascara on ,  not on naked natural lashes .
they also seem to slide out a bit on their own as well as start to sag .
none have caught this mouse . i am not at all impressed with this trap .
this product would be better made with milk ,  which of course ,  then would not be for the keurig machine .
if i had sampled these without knowing what they were ,  i would have a hard time identifying them .
this is the premise of bullet witch ,  and very little else is explained as the game progresses .
i followed the instructions that accompanied this loser and the results were poor .
this is not a bad product but it did not agree with me personally .
this toy faired no better than any other stuffed toys i have purchased .
we tried everything to fix that problem ,  but nothing worked .
but this workbench does little more than make noises .
the only thing positive is the size of the treats that can go in the twist toy .
in any case this is irrelevant because after taking some test shots i tried connecting to my pc .
i just received this and it does not fit my phone .
it s such a shame because this is a nice small product and would have been perfect if it worked .
to begin ,  it is important to note that this is and feels like a cheap product .
i would not purchase this overpriced product again .
i honestly thought that halo num_num would make me a believer ,  but it didnt .
i also like a soap with less fragrance .
num_num of us spent about num_num minutes trying to untangle these puppies and it was hideous .
they re not super easy to stack and the different little features are not very easy for little hands manipulate .
i think i ll just get something bigger and more expensive and leave it in the car over night .
my num_num months old malamute started to eat this in a minute so i had to throw it away .
they will slow when you are stuck behind them .
i didn t like this product at all and felt i wasted my money .
at first ,  i was taken aback by the darkness of this fluid as compared to most other wheel cleaners .
i bought this product to help conceal dark discoloration around my eyes ,  but i was extremely disappointed .
i was excited about this charger because it had two usb ports .
barely passable ,  no better than my tilt which was equally a battery hog .
but in any event ,  i won t be buying this medication again .
i am very sad that this product was apparently old ,  it was all dried out and useless .
i would suggest stay away from this particular model .
these are the worst screen protectors i have ever purchased .
they also did not come in a container that looks like the one in the photos that someone supplied .
that s the opposite effect of what this product is supposed to do .
i have to toss out all the food inside because of the mold inside the sub containers .
it is a bit too large and the case just won t fit right .
for someone like me thats on the run for work ,  its a pain in the rear .
i love neutrogena products but was really disappointed with this one .
i own a black car and don t recommend this product .
the first time i used this fragrance it made me nauseous .
they are really awesome  :   but this num_extend game is boring ,  and the graphics pretty much suck .
we re staying away from anything with this brand from now on .
if you are picky about your phone covers i would not go with this product .
the reviewers who have stated that this is not memory foam are correct .
shame on lodge ,  there is no excuse for this substandard product .
what i do know is that i would never order an num_extend through here .
but this is criminal for anyone who likes the franchise .
as a result ,  the ingredients of this product were not being released during this time .
i fell bad after seeing so many other reviews of legs breaking .
this claims that its for an htc evo num_extend design phone ,  which is what i have .
fortunately ,  this will be my last panasonic product .
the plastic guard broke the first time i used it .
since senseo pods are impossible to find ,  i thought i would give these a try .
i think this will end up in the trash .
sorry  ,  not a real clicker ,  just a fancy toy ,  more work than they are worth .
they look like something made by a num_num year old taiwanese kid .  .  . who just stared making boots .
it kinda sucks writing reviews about games that have already been reviewed by a bunch of people .
the rca dvd just quit working entirely after num_num months  microprocesor  .
it is well made but there is no room in the fridge to put anything like i expected .
instead ,  tastes just like any one of the other in the line .
like some kind of cleaning product . we like most other hair products form this company however ,  not this .
suction darts jam the easiest ,  don t use those with this gun ,  there isn t a good work around .
this is the num_extend timex ironman watch i ve purchased since num_extend and it will be my very last .
also ,  the battery capacity degraded over time so that it lasted barely any longer than the stock battery .
i have had the mouse about num_num weeks and i still don t get it on the first try .
i am not sure if i received a defective product or am i the only one bothered by this .
the shortest i ve ever encountered with this kind of product .
the problem is ,  i can t find that board anymore !  i believe it was made by this same company .
after that ,  they cracked on the bottom when the vacume was applied .
i tried to mend them ,  but because of their design ,  they are hard to just sew right back up .
this device was useless and i feel like i ve been scammed .
i did not purchase this from amazon ,  i purchased the same brand elsewhere .
this was the worst flax oil i have ever had .
very disappointed when it arrived ,  because it was more brown than mauve .
when i contacted the seller about the problem ,  their response was to use the belt loops instead .
i m very pale and this didn t really do much at all compared to other spray tanners that i ve tried .
i would not recommend this screen protector to anyone .
this is not the right product for that ,  not for me at least .
i went from the bison formula to this fish one for my num_num month old german shepherd .
i do not like this product at all !  !  !  !  .
i was so disappointed with this product when i tried it on .
neither my cats nor i really like this litter .
he told me that it comes down to num_num things ,  genetics and how you treat your eyes .
not only it does not work ,  but it also dries up my oily skin .
i purchased this and immediately knew it was fake ! i ve used this product before and have gone through num_num tubes .
like some others have stated ,  the inside of the pot is not smooth .
although it does protect the screen ,  the edges of the protector do not stay attached to the screen .
their customer service people tell you to get lost and contact the manufacturer . pos .
very disappointed in amazon for selling something like this .
i thought that he would like to see how this toy worked .
if you use any programs or make a call ,  your phone will lose battery even with this plugged in .
these were disappointing only because they weren t rainbow like the photo ,  just random colors .
this toothpaste did not whiten my teeth after about num_num weeks of use there as no differenceone two three .
even the samsung galaxy num_extend blows this phone away in speed .
i wasted all three of them and wasn t able to properly apply on the screen .
i bought this for my itchy cat ,  but it really didn t seem to stop her from itching very much .
i got this to fry chicken ,  which is does okay but seemed to take a long time .
a bump or twisting motion disengages the lock and that is not a good thing .
personally ,  i find this confusing and distracting while driving .
i would not recommend this product and will never buy again .
wouldn t recommend to anyone and wouldn t purchase again .
would not recommend this if you have anything to do during the day .
i have tried this in the past with not much help .
my biggest beef with this product is that each tray only holds about num_num cookies each .
used this only one time and found it extremely drying .
again i am disappointed with the quality of the product .
as this game is not currently holding my interest ,  i will probably not pursue %
this product does not reduce my eye irritation and it is useless .
i don t know why they don t just roast them with peanut oil .
had this been designed so it could match the calendar ,  we would have given it a try .
after about num_num years ,  my second set has failed .
maybe i just have bad luck but it s been really irritating .
there must be a reason why this unit dropped in price substantially .
heck ,  even after you hit it the game itself is still horrible .
just received this item and i am super disappointed with the size .
the color and size are good ,  but the quality and ease of use are poor .
i took these for about num_num months and it did nothing for the ringing in my ears .
additionally ,  when you are playing ghost in the driving mode ,  you only have to worry about three controls .
i like these but i have so much stomach discomfort from the sugar alcohols .
there are now lots of reviews of people that have bought this camera and it wouldn t turn on .
stay away from this seller if you want to buy real samsung product .
while i would give the taste of the turkey spam num_num stars ,  the texture was terrible .
however ,  after just num_num days of careful ,  normal use ,  the left earbud only plays intermittently .
kitchenaid stainless steel utility tongsthese tongs do not grip the food with security .
we will eat them ,  but will not be buying again .
this has to be one of the worst games i have ever played .
the cups from non ear plug hearing protection will press against the wire frame that wraps around your ears .
battery life is terrible ,  and appears to drain even while num_extend
my trouble with this boot is it is too tight in the foot and too tight in the calf .
i bought these and wasted all three of them trying to put them on .
apple should have made the entire bumper silicone instead of just the very edges .
this case is not that vibrant green that it is the image they display .
this was by far the shortest lasting corn based litter i have used yet .
that s ok ,  but not worth the price of admission for the entire set .
i don t look forward to using this one and end up using other ,  older mascaras .
i d give it num_num stars if not for the annoying little blade backing .
this is the second time i have tried a product containing stevia as a sugar substitute .
i still do have problems with att ,  but not as many . gps :  broken .
it would have been nice to have the option to pick ,  but thats what i get trusting amazon .
i am only wearing these while i wait to buy another pair .
that was not the case with this shampoo !  i used this with the conditioner as well .
other then that i m sure it would have worked fine .
even though they re pretty cheap ,  they re a total waste of $
whereas ,  this bag has two very thin pockets that bulge very easily .
i have the original jambox and thought this would be a big upgrade however it was not .
i expected kitchenaid products to perform at this price point and was sorely disappointed .
but for some reason ,  it just didn t hold the curl that well with these .
they were smaller than i expected though it does say num_num inches ,  that s mostly tail .
it took me one tool  a wrench  ,  and about num_num minutes .
i suspect that this is probably what is causing the high number of failures .
sound is pretty loud ,  but the other side cannot hear you clearly .
this was by far the worst customer service i ve ever received from any company .
i tried everything i could think of but i could only get it to move horizontally .
the small spout is angled so you have to turn the entire container upside down .
however ,  it does work with my older talkabout which is a num_extend but not with vox .
they do seem to work ,  just not what i wanted .
belkin ups quit after about num_num years of work .
i ve been squatting for over num_num years and have gotten up to a max of about num_num lbs .
i went out last night in an attempt to find something that will keep her occupied .
but these are not edible ,  even my toddler won t eat them because they are just too sweet .
i don t recommend this product for people looking for a texturizing product .
gta is really getting boaring it s just the same stuff ,  so this game was not good .
would not recommend or purchase again and i don t use it because of this .
obviously i will never do business with this source again .
with this product ,  i think it was more the cheese sauce than the pasta that turned me off .
i bought these because they are organic ,  but i will not be buying these again .
i use it but would not recommend it to others .
the shipping was way to high for the faulty product that i couldn t even use .
there is no real difference between this branded pan and ones made by other companies .
these things could easily work them selves loose or rust .
i don t know much about henna ,  but this didn t seem to be a good quality product .
i wouldn t have given it to anyone as a gift .
and trying to order them from kitchenaid ?  hmmm ,  they are quite back ordered .
i am truly disappointed with this shechers product .
therefore they would stick up too high and would prevent the cabinet door from closing .
first ,  the tension gives me a headache if i use them for more than an hour .
not very happy with this product at all .
and the phone is not working good she has poor service with this phone .
i don t recommend this product to the people with dry skin .
i have num_num other chargers that i don t have to wiggle to get to work .
latest medical research says that this product is not effective for its advertised use .
what else can i say about something that my dogs don t like ?  .
it seems where they put the kong label they didn t fasten the felt down well enough .
i disagree with anyone who said this game lacked graphics .
i bought these and within num_num months the tread was gone .
this is the first product i purchased from amazon that i have sent back for a refund .
there are other products out there that work better for the same price ,  or lower price than this one .
they again said they would send out new tadpoles .
my enthusiasm died pretty much at the shoe mission at the very start .
they sort of work for awhile ,  but they aren t worth all that money .
where this product really fails is the microphone .
this ball does not work unless you have a playful cat or a hungry cat .
i used it with no issues on an num_extend and galaxy tab .
i think this leads children to become bored with it quickly .
oh my god , i don t even know where to begin with this piece of junk .
its connecting pieces are made from plastic and broke after many uses .
i have not had this problem with other k cup manufactures .
when i ordered this item ,  i thought it would be durable ,  at least .
there are much better and cheaper products than this one .
the game is extremely uninspired and gets repetitive within num_num minutes .
however ,  she liked the peanut butter for about num_num minutes and then she was done .
i dislike that they were no help in getting me this product .
but after getting this i was not happy with it at all .
i never had a problem with my previous charger that broke after num_num years .
this may be the worst game i have ever played .
i would definately not recommend buying this ,  especially with the abundance of hard drive num_extend players avalable .
another thing is that facial washes really do not exfoliate your skin .
i cannot recommend this game though ,  because of the large amount of bugs that will likely never be fixed .
now they cost twice what they did then ,  understandable with inflation ,  but don t work worth a darn .
i am rinsing with salt water and will post how long it last for .
i ve gone back to my nokia num_num and will continue shopping for a better windows mobile device .
my guinea pigs have gone through many water bottles .
if it wasn t for that ,  this could have been a great camera .
i use dried fruits in my diet many times but i will never order those berries again .
iwould never buy this brand again and would not recomend it to anyone .
i have suspicions that this may be a counterfeit .
this is the only reason i m giving them num_num stars ,  not num_extend you .
didn t last very long in the florida sun .
there was absolutely no positive difference from using the product .
this item is not even worth your time .
velcro would be a much better choice to attach this item to a seat .
you just don t know . i have read consistently bad reviews for this line for over num_num years now .
not sure why but my kids played with this like num_num times .
if you have dry skin ,  this might not be the best for you .
i you have any problems with melatonin do not take this product .
as the title says :  this is quite possibly the worst coffee i have ever had .
worthless . i would not recommend this microchip due to the deceptive ,  thieving business practices !  .
they were just looking ragged and i replaced them .
i find it somewhat insulting that only  mommy  could be playing with this toy with her child .
the plastic latch used to apply suction broke after about num_num months .
this material was very itchy and did not fit good at all .
this is one of the rare times that amazon reviewers have let me down .
the material wasn t what i thought it would be and i guess that s why they had torn .
this is probably just me ,  but i couldn t get this on my phone s screen without bubbles .
when it arrived the tag with it said that for pets with a maximum weight of num_num lbs .
i just would not recommend buying this item !  im pretty mad i bought num_num at the same time too .
i think this brand is good for the severely allergenic ,  but ,  alas ,  the taste isn t like regular granola .
the other issue that i sort of had a problem with was the size .
almost every other garlic pill doesn t contain this deadly enteric coating .
i wasn t really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals .
i kept feeling like i had keep pulling them up they kept falling off .
i bought a huge  and expensive  bag of these chews ,  and i threw them out . mb .
i d say they used it num_num times a week .
i started having connection issues with this card about a month ago and it finally died today .
for just a few months of use these are not worth the money .
i tried for about num_num more minutes ,  then gave up .
also ,  i think it s weird that the tube does not come with any seal whatsoever .
very dangerous and we would not buy these again .
i now have purchased a product that is not appropriate for my device .
even the num_extend which i bought last year ,  didn t cut a thing .
i guess i will have to find someone who will eat it and donate it to them .
this does affect the sampling process . before using ,  i read the other reviews and i m glad i did .
hack and slash you will probably enjoy this game . it s really too bad .
so every time that happened ,  my husband or i had to attach it for him .
so far ,  i haven t been able to use it because it s hard as a rock .
if not ,  after applying this product ,  you will get brownish stains on your tires .
the food smells very much like plain cooked meat .
pretty sure this is not good for you and even more sure polyethylene glycol is not .
if something seems this cheap to be too good to be true ,  trust me it is .
i ve used many portable chargers over the years ,  and i was surprised at how strange this one is .
this product has an extremely flimsy spring mechanism inside .
in this case ,  they do not deliver . now let s see how good amazon s return policy is .
had to wash it several times and use fabric softener so that it does not itch anymore .
however with standard alkaline batteries not one of them lasts for more than num_num minutes .
if you are looking to lose inches of fat off your waistline ,  keep looking because this will not work .
i thought i would purchase a cup of this upon happening upon it in the local grocery store .
in any case ,  this product really is a piece of junk .
i have not been able to get this thing to work from multiple computers and with multiple printers .
why add unnecessary functions ? the lid comes apart for cleaning ,  but i found it extremely hard to get it apart .
i was extremely disappointed in the durability of this item .
the seller never offered to check ad or correct it ,  maybe they will get around to it . signed .  .  . ripped off .
all in all i bought another case and wouldn t suggest this case .
this ended up being a hard plastic and not a rubberized material .
it seems that every time i buy a new phone ,  i need a new  and different  car charger .
this was the first time i have ever seen them both turn down the same thing .
the shortbread . walkers highland oatcakes are nothing to write home about .
like others have said the spoons are a little long on num_num of the cannisters .
bottom line ,  there just isn t enough innovation in this first next gen gta for my money .
these are the worst items i have ever purchased for my grand daughters .
i used this product for about num_num months before it suddenly stopped working .
i guess i got a bad one . this one would not last very long on a charge .
once that s done ,  it s on to cleaning the refrigerator .
with prior experience with better grinders ,  i have to rate this product very low .
the machine no longer responds predictably to either the remote  with fresh batteries  or the front panel controls .
i bought this for a glock num_extend just really don t care for it .
if one was to click on this case and never take it off for any reason ,  you d like it .
this stuff really doesn t work very well ,  and it leaves a very sticky residue all over the place .
putting in a fresh battery didn t help . while they may work for others ,  they re useless for my num_num num_extend
i ve been very unhappy with it ,  after using it on my trip to vegas last week . first ,  it s slow .
plus ,  the bubbles do not come out with a credit card the way the do on other covers .
it serves its purpose but should cost no more than num_num cents .
i have no doubt that this does not smell of catnip at all or he would have attacked it .
i can t begin to tell you how awful this stuff is .
got this for my husband who was complaining that the cable that came with his ipad was too short .
the residue is insane ,  especially for $ a pop . i would not buy this product again .
for anyone wishing to purchase this and save a few bucks  as i did  ,  i would not recommend it .
i will never buy these again from amazon .
the product is much smaller than it appears to be in person .
this toy was more trouble than it was worth trying to play with .
i would recommend you look elsewhere for something of higher quality .
but this piece doesnt seem that it will last for more than a few months .
i will finish off the tea bags that came in the box but would not purchase this type again .
we bought this as a christmas present for our english mastiff and he destroyed it within a month .
this was a really good idea ,  but it just doesn t do the trick .
they offer poor protection to your phone and nothing else but color .
the lock could have been made better so that the kids can handle it by themselves .
they don t last long before they come apart .
i bought this because everyone raved about the taste and no aftertaste .
this bag is priced so cheap because that s exactly what it is .
let me preface my comments with the following :  i am pretty sure i was using this properly .
i came to this from a french press ,  and a week later i was back on the french press .
this is supposed to help with rosacea ,  it didn t do anything if anything it made it worse .
i only used this hose about num_num times ,  and it finally broke from the hose attachment .
the product does not fit a galaxy num_num from sprint or t mobile .
glamazons ,  the only reason i gave this num_num stars is because of the low price tag .
i absolutely could not stand these screen protectors .
just got num_num of these in the mail the other day .
this is one of the worst phone cases i have ever bought from amazon .
not a good track record in my book ,  and definitely not even worth the $
i have tried several of those that i have ,  ,  , i once bought num_num of them ,  ,  , and they all failed .
it wasn t worth my time or gas money to even bother taking it back .
i really wanted it to ,  because i want to find something that avoids all the chemicals in regular deodorant .
maybe someone can use these but for my mother they did not work .
i got more blemishes after using this stuff . it seems to have a greasy feel to it .
i had to take out the trash a lot !  really it s less time to just take my dog outside .
also it doesnt come with any extra screws or any things so .
the sound isn t much better than tv speakers .
this has to be the absolute worst case we have purchased yet .
i m giving these speakers a num_num star only because there are so many num_num star ratings that isn t deserved .
about all i can say about this game is that they tried .
i chose this because i thought it was the toughest looking toy in the store .
would i drink this more than once a day ?  no .
summary :  complete garbage ,  it takes the honor of probably being one of the worst products i ever bought .
holds galaxy num_extend att version secure ,  no wobbles .
this cleaned my scalp well but made my hand itch really bad during the shower .
product was a disapointment ,  so glad i purchased a bar at whole foods before ordering online .
several of these aren t even blush colors !  don t call it blush if it s not !  .
let s hope the nintendo cube box turns out better than this piece of trash .
my daughter wanted this so bad for christmas .
i have used a couple of types of velcro cable ties in the past .
yuck !  this has got to be the worse tasting bar i have ever eaten .
this game is one of the worst games that i have ever tried .
well she played it for like num_num minutes and the game never came up in conversation again .
i used this several times but it didn t prevent fogging on my goggles .
i made a mistake and now i have to waste time and more money to return this item .
all i have to say is when you order from this person ,  take caution .
i ve used this mixer about num_num times to make bread ,  rolls ,  and pizza dough .
once i use them all up ,  i won t be buying this brand again .
since the other reviews seem to all be positive maybe it s just me .
your experience will not be so pleasant for several more days i suspect . blizzard really screwed up on this release .
which is why cast iron cookware doesn t need any aluminum .
taoster for num_num years and this one not even for num_num weeks and it soes not work .
seriously am not sure this is really just canned pumpkin although thats what the label says .
i tried this tea for num_num days over a period of two weeks .
i m giving this only two stars because my cat currently will not play with this toy .
we have purchased dozens of these drives between num_num and num_extend half have died .
i have been through many otterbox s for my own phone and this is not from the same company .
and ,  collectively ,  they cost about fifteen dollars more than this .   .
might have been good if it worked more than num_num times .
you don t have to change out the water in the bowl as frequently as a still standing bowl .
we have had it for a few months and she still doesn t like it .
i would not recommend it to anyone else .
it s not a bad cleanser ,  just wasn t what i was looking for .
i don t know why people are raving about this product ,  but i found this product useless .
but then ,  i have had my dark circles for over num_num years .
i used to love these bars ,  because they tasted just like a mounds bar .
this product was a lot harder than i thought it would be when purchased .
i read the other reviews stating that this perfume was too faint ,  and that you couldn t smell the fragrance .
they were right ,  the worst part is that i never even used the stand .
they felt like they were moving around my ears and on my head .
bought these for listening to my num_extend player without undue disturbance of others .
again this item is not available  model num_extend
i d heard so much about miss jessie s so i decided to start using the curly pudding .
the carafe is so thin that it holds the heat for about num_num minutes tops .
after num_num days my wife asked what was on the top of my glasses .
but i m disappointed that ors ruined what was once a great product .
this tool may shape ur nose for about num_num seconds but that s it .
my dog had this torn apart in about num_num minutes .
instead ,  i was let down ,  disappointed and frustrated at what might have been .
i don t know for sure that it s this food  which i ordered two cases of ,  from amazon  .
it s awkward carrying around the box with it ,  and it s weird to carry it by itself .
this is just a badly designed or flawed product .
pretty disappointed because i signed up for a subscribe and save and have num_num bottles of this stuff .
the only good thing about this is that it s waterproof .
with that said ,  i still get a lot of static on these headphones ,  when they work .
placing a wash rag over my eyes would be more effective than this flimsy little mask .
i return the item because it did not give me all it says will do .
tried the diffusers and the spray hoping that something would work .
junk !  it just goes up and down ,  only num_num points ,  cat quickly lost interest .
using this remote shutter release seemed like the obvious choice .
the num_num piece system ,  when both are relatively weak ,  does not work well for this item .
i couldn t give it more than two stars ,  though ,  because it just doesn t taste very good .
this is a very poor quality and dangerous toy .
stay away from it ,  stay away from philips .
wish i could give them no stars on this one .
it is not very clear how you do that because the site employs mystery meat navigation .
i m disappointed with this so called bike tool kit .
after num_num months of using the jawboneii ,  i have to give it a middling score overall .
i will not buy again and would not recommend to anyone .
the smell isn t great but if the product worked ,  i would tolerate it .
maxell quality is usually pretty good ,  but they missed the bar with these .
they don t last half as long for me as they are advertised which is all i can say .
i have gotten about num_num uses out of it . it has stopped charging however .
we have an existing moth issue ,  so i knew ahead of time that it was already a problem .
this product does not work at all the way it is supposed to .
mine worked for about num_num weeks and then it wouldn t turn on .
i would not recommend this case even though it is partially due to the slide out keyboard .
from what i have observed this past week ,  it would not be effective .
it only lasted about num_num minutes before it was torn to shreds by my num_extend pup .
this stuff is pretty weak with the mint end of things .
this one was the only one that did not fit .
this will be my last time purchasing anything with the yuban name on it .
i burned my ear with this iron the first time out .
i would certainly not recommend this product to anyone .
they need to improve their flavors before i try them again .
wish i could find someone that liked them so i could ditch them .
i didn t like this product because it came broken .
i really should have done more homework before i purchased this product .
why i bought a second pair i can not say ,  i guess i liked the sound quality .
we were really desperate when we stumbled upon this product .
when i received the case i found that the  volume up  button did not work for some reason .
i won t recommend this even for a penny it s a waste of time cheap stuff .
i bought this to help with bad breath ,  but it doesn t help .
if you can t ,  get rid of the card and buy something from another manufacturer .
i want to like it but somehow the coconut does not really work in this tea .
after num_extend bottles ,  i stopped denying the fact that they weren t working .
i ordered this because it was supposed to be very healthful .
as other reviewers have discussed here ,  this thing is absolutely worthless .
not the quality you would expect from hanes .
why this seller continues to go out of their way to deceive their customers is beyond me .
they had to be forced inside the phone connector which made me cringe every time .
looks and feels like any cheap pair you can get in chinatown .
but no ,  they have to make it so convoluted that just getting started makes you want to scream .
i didn t really see the improvement with the sound over the num_extend while it was working .
i feel like these might not hold up nearly as well as my others did .
thank goodness none had gotten on his skin and that i had noticed it .
simply not acceptable . battery life :  might have just been my own unit ,  but in num_num hours :  dead .
this is pale in color and must taste bad as they will not touch it .
my son became very frustrated with this and wanted to push the trains himself .
i will probably get just a blender for this purpose .
very disapointed in this game !  it lacks everything that makes a rts great .
everyone  including me  was thinking that true crime would crush the afforementioned titles ,  but they were wrong .
lucky for me  and unlucky for the ups guy  amazon does free shipping and returns on this junk .
maybe this batch is flawed and that s why it s so much cheaper .
i have an iphone num_num and this holder vibrates all over the place while driving on the highway .
i am definitely not going to be buying from this vendor again .
i did not find these gloves very helpful .
if i didnt wait so long to use this i would return it ,  its going in the trash .
these may be good for certain people ,  but we definitely did not like them and returned them .
it tasted like no other latte i have gotten before and that is not a good thing .
the story was crap was not all deep like sonic team ,  sega said it would be .
if the phone falls i am pretty sure case will not protect the phone .
i had a hunch the low price for this gauge was too good to be true .
this bacon salt tastes more like the paprika that s in it than it does like bacon .
not even worth the num_num bucks i spent on it .
they obviously didn t put in much effort when designing them .
do not buy this game . mine is going back first thing in the morning .
so ,  for this device to even come close to working ,  you need at least num_num hands ,  and preferably four .
i not agree that this product is for big and tall guys .
it might have something to do with the  switch  thing that another review mentioned .
however ,  i was very upset with this product .
this is not the best pc game ever ,  despite what critics have said about the game on the num_extend
they did not rehydrate well and were pretty bland and tasteless .
this case fits too tightly and is difficult to remove to change cases .
i am so fed up i could smash this thing with a hammer .
after the first few weeks ,  she was optimistic ,  but after about num_num weeks of use ,  it was a disappointment .
if you drop your phone constantly ,  get this cover .
i don t need that kind of complication from a silly coffee maker .
it is terrible ,  bad storyline ,  dueling system is horrible ,  and you ll get tired of it after num_num minutes .
num_num stars only because its near christmas and you must be charitable .
what really stings me is that i ve had bad experiences with saitek before and i bought this thing anyway .
half the reviews for this product are num_num star ,  half are num_num star .
and if you have one of these grills ,  take precautions like putting a metal bucket under this grill .
if i was purchasing this item in a store .
if you loosen it ,  then the helmet doesn t seem to be on securely . looks too bulky on my head .
i am not sure i would order this product again .
i got many strange looks from people wondering what i had on my num_extend
this product is actually a very expensive way because it doesn t necessarily do anything for the price .
after the first piece ,  i decided that i don t like this brand at all .
so i would not recommend getting this tunnel .
but if it doesn t charge what good is that .
real pimps have no need to worry about the axe competition .
in fact nearly everything about this game is annoying .
unfortunately ,  it turned out more like oblivion on dope .
the very first time i wore these ,  the seams came apart on them .
this product did nothing to alleviate the problem .
does not serve as a decent protection for the phone .
no where near as good as the kit lens that came with the rebel num_extend
these replacement heads do not seem to be the same quality as the ones that i have been using .
it was warm but within num_num minutes had cooled considerably ,  to the point of uselessness .
i would give this a minus num_num except the company was responsive  and amazon does not give that option  .
any other product with crap quality like this would have been returned asap .
this is no better than the cheap walmart $ bread knives from china .
the problem is they are the most uncomfortable shoes i have over owned .
if i had more time until christmas ,  i would have probably returned them all .
all this is a seller thing ,  and not the filter s fault . the filter ,  though ,  was very weak .
there was not a lot of product on the cloths so i felt it wasn t really cleaning well .
this charger took almost num_num weeks to arrive and then when it finally arrived the charger did not work .
the idea was a good one ,  but they just didn t execute it very well .
this game is the biggest waste of $ that i ve ever seen .
with the exception of having a particularly bad shipment ,  i can t see how this item got such high reviews .
this time ,  i read a strategy guide to find out that it was about num_num levels of fighting .
it looks exactly like a small doritos chip .
this unit sprung a leak after less than a year of service .
i liked these a lot before ,  but will never buy again .
i dont understand how these have gotten such high reviews .
it will not keep the phone is the same position .
there are also numerous accidental and negligent discharge incidents that have resulted in self inflicted gunshot wounds .
this item does not have enough leverage to flatten the dough all the way .
i purchased this item with the express understanding that it would work  backwards  with my xerox scanner .
i just didn t like the battery life on iphone so i gave this num_extend a try .
i should have known then not to use this product .
its a great price ,  but it looks too fake .
i have bought these before from different sites and they were excellent ,  but these must be factory rejects .
should i give the speaker another try ?  i really did like the product if it would only work .
i was very disappointed with this krusteaz banana nut muffin mix .
it is very fragile and not suitable for younger children .
if the package didn t come damaged ,  i would have given this product a num_num star rating .
i rate this a no no if you have a good radio .
i will agree with other reviews about the crappy bracket .
this is the worst can opener i ever purchased .
not good quality ,  even for the price  which i think was $
eden foods has been using bpa free cans since num_extend
i ve only used it once because i was afraid of ruining it .
for the price i would expect more out of this cage .
it will fit a aquaclear num_num ph or above but not good for the num_extend or num_num models .
the medium num_num is one of the darkest mediums that i have ever seen .
we have never had any problems with any other programs we have installed on this system .
yesterday ,  december num_extend the connector part with the hole to go over the peg came off .
i quickly realized this tent does not breath well .
at this point i wouldn t recommend this board .
this thing is made of cheap materials ,  and didn t hold up well .
i did not take it with me when i moved abroad .
the only thing this does is tell you how fast you released yous at .
this pistol case doesn t come close to what i consider as large as they describe .
but ,  if you want to spend the money ,  then go ahead buy this .
annoyingly so . the materials used on this case feel very cheap .
this nose trimmer will last about num_num times and then just roll over and die .
i ve tried numerous coffee candies and this is by far the worst i ve ever had .
we bought this trap and in num_num days we had nothing .
this happened after about a year of ownership .
the battery started giving us trouble after about num_num months and we have been  crippling  it along ever since .
fortunately ,  in this copy at least ,  there isn t a claim that the product is  therapeutic .  here is what mrs .
well ,  i had high hopes for this one but it was not to be .
i m so disappointed in wasting $ on this crappy product .
the ones that come with them can barely support the weight of a bike .
anything more is exploitation of an uncreative product that should be faster with online play .
i would not buy this product for anything more .
my son was really excited to see spike under the christmas tree ,  but the joy lasted about num_num minutes .
i no longer use this product because of the change .
i will not be ordering this product again .
and it seems cheap compared to the oem charger that came with my phone .
i purchased the powermax num_num two years ago to use on my standard poodle .
after about a week ,  i started having problems with the remote lighting all the time .
with that said ,  i do not recommend this product .
i ll have to buy a new one ,  but i won t be buying this one again that s for sure .
this coffee is ground too coarsely to make decent espresso in either of my two capresso machines .
in that case it goes right through the grid and doesn t make it up into the scoop .
i do not recommend doing business with this seller .
some may like this product but i m not one of them .
this is probably not going to be a good product for hard to curl hair .
i wasn t happy with the product after all .
this item is to expensive if you buy it here from amazon .
do not pay more than num_num or num_num bucks for this game .
nutrition facts aren t that great compared to completing products ,  however .
i would give this num_num stars if i could but unfortunately i can t .
also ,  i put the rollers for about num_num min to get heated and did not get great curls .
this is totally horrible and isn t worth picking up for num_num bucks .
but this thing has a fake sweetener taste that really lingers on my tongue .
i found this to be too oily and did not like the taste or consistency .
it s a fun toy but this product was not reliable in its output nor was it high quality .
i have usually liked loreal mascaras in the past ,  but this one is not so great .
product was ok but could have gotten anywhere else without the hassel .
i ve tried the other brita pitchers and they all have issues of one sort or another .
but this will do nothing good for your face if you have dermatitis .
i ordered this product on june num_extend the last arriving date was august num_extend
i used up the entire jar ,  which did not take very long ,  but i would not purchase it again .
i do not know if this is a good stain remover .
i do give it num_num stars because at least the fragrance used isn t horrible ,  just heavy .
it wasn t really stopping my breakouts just leaving my skin red with more bumps than normal .
i wish i had read some of the reviews before i purchased these .
i expected to like this mix based on its reviews .
for the price its too much bother to return ,  but i don t recommend this item .
i did not return this item because is very expensive for me ,  i live in costa rica .
i would not recommend this game to anyone unless they re a die hard fan of the evil dead series .
that was my screeming little girl voice you heard the other night after playing this game .
i called garmin about this and they said that nothing can be done .
had it about num_num years til it broke the other night .
cannot emphasize it enough . better craftsmanship and engineering should have been explored for this product .
this is both a good and bad thing .
my unit also stopped working after num_num months .
after about num_num uses ,  the hose guide started to get out of sync with where the hose should be .
woww !  .  .  . it surprises me that people have given this lame excuse for shockwave such good reviews .
these are the clunkiest controls of any game i have ever played in my entire life .
i guess that you get what you pay for ,  they were cheap price and cheap made .
i have no idea if this is even capable of being repaired .
unfortunately ,  like most things these days ,  the gloves are made overseas in a sweat shop ,  in this case pakistan .
the clip that comes with it does not fit well on her clothes .
this is an awful design that should never be repeated .
i am using that battery but the charge only lasts two days at the most .
i wonder if the way this rice steamer is made has changed recently .
i noticed that i am not the only buyer having the leaking problem with this nozzle .
i played this game for about num_num hours straight and came across no save points .
thank goodness for amazon prime because it totally ,  completely just stopped working the num_extend time i used it .
i returned it and am very disappointed with my purchase .
i would not recommend this device for anyone .
there is a gap in the plastic base behind the hole that seems to serve no function .
i am unsure from reading the ingredients list but this smells like low tide and i am not kidding .
i have had major problems with this camera since day one .
would not recommend and will not purchase again .
to add insult to injury ,  nintendo came out with a microphone that they discontinued because it was that bad .
we used it the first time as a microwave to heat some food .
i purchased num_num of these and both of the seat fabirc tore after moderate use .
even after stretching them out ,  they are way too painful to use .
asara is much more bloated than that . we also found it difficult to gauge who was winning .
that being said ,  i don t recommend this product at all .
however ,  it just up and died after num_num years of use .
the pump on one of them worked okay but the other did not work at all .
i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set .
this was even after taking meals and drinking water .
i don t recommend to anyone to buy this product .
it worked great for num_num weeks ,  but now it disconnects about num_num minutes into a call .
the microphone does not work ,  i can hear the other person but they cannot hear me .
the game in its current form is not much fun . now ,  there are better aspects to the num_extend
finally after about num_num months or so mine stopped working .
even with a litter mat  though not a good one  ,  it s still terrible . clumping :  world s best wins .
i would never again order lingerie made in china .
i m giving it num_num star because of amazon s price issue .
after that ,  the game gets a little old and makes you a little cranky .
an orthoticist showed me how they were meant to go in .
i m thinking she found it difficult to use ,  like some other reviewers have mentioned .
the batteries after while expanded a bit in the center . charger takes too long to charge .
i have to untie the hooks from the net every single time that i remove it from the seat .
this product does not work with windows vista .
i ordered this radio ,  after my midland num_extend broke ,  and i really wish i didn t .
i will know better than to ever buy anything from hong kong .
i m a wacoal girl ,  and i found this lunaire bra just way too stretchy and big .
the games physically installed on my machine and those i have on my steam account number about num_extend
usually ,  he is extremely picky about his food ,  and he normally does not like anything not chicken .
i would not recommend this game to anyone .
i have a num_num fireball with a num_num inch barrel that won t fit without a scope .
this may have worked but i got a headache when i used it .
i tried making this product using two of the methods prescribed on the box ,  i . e .
i don t think the limitation of this recorder justifies the price .
really irritating because now i have to pay another $ to get a new one .
was this a different crop ? this pineapple does not taste good and was so hard i could not eat it .
i am really disappointed and won t purchase this brand again .
this product is not even worth $  free  .
why can t these saga frontier games be good ?  i thought that this game would be different .
only bought this because we could not get alternative .
after about num_num months of light use they just sort of fell apart .
since then all have developed serious cracks ,  and some have begun leaking .
the first one lasted about num_num years before the brush heads would no longer stay attached to the charger .
the most pathetic protector i have ever bought .
did no realize that this game was so old or i would not have purchased it .
so who s writing those reviews ? the thing is too slow !  it takes about num_num years to build a school .
this product was very good when i began buying it but lately it is terrible .
i have been using this shampoo for about num_num weeks now ,  and my hair looks thinner .
but after num_num months of light use it stopped rolling .
this shampoo and condition due doesn t seem to be any better than any other that i ve tried .
this game is quite possibly the stupidest game i have ever played .
i took smoking again after about num_num months ,  and kept smoking for num_num months when i quit again .
they are as pictured but are a very cheap quality .
it must have ,  because in less than num_num minuets ,  my city was reduced to about num_extend pop .
i was really disappointed by this product after hearing all the hype .
bought two of these and both broke within about num_num months .
this product was a waste of money !  i could go right to sleep after taking it .
price was attractive but very poor quality construction material .
consumer reports had an article on this . ironically ,  the company and its president ,  mr .
i purchased this phone because htc resolved the random reboot issue that a lot of android phones have .
maybe this works for people with thin ,  flat ,  straight hair because it sure didn t work for me .
unless your cat has completely solid stools ,  these pellets will be a mess to deal with .
this was too small for my lg num_extend even without case .
they crease and do not last longer than num_num hours .
this has to be the first licorice product that has remained unfinished in my house ever .
i doubt they even check these before shipment like they state .
i m returning the trimmer; i m assuming amazon just throws these away when returned  i hope  .
thought that they would have lasted longer than the month i have had them .
they lasted about num_num months then stopped working all the while they kept deteriorating .
my old toenail cutters were the same design but i don t know who made them .  .  . they worked fine .
with that in mind ,  this is the worst screen protector i have purchased .
it took three tries to get one that worked and after about num_num months that one died yesterday .
if i had an accurate description ,  i would not have purchased in the first place .
please do not buy this product if you care about your dog in any way .
the only thing star wars about this game is the name of the planets .
the charger stopped working ,  the battery wouldn t work ,  and the gearbox snapped .
after about num_num minutes ,  it smelled like electronics burning .
i ve been through the instruction manual several times and nothing works as it s supposed to .
this game would be great if it weren t littered with problems .
i m pretty sure they were mocking me as i tried .
while this product says compatibility with most num_extend routers ,  it doesn t work unless it is linksys .
they were very loose on his paws ,  but very tight on his leg .
i really wanted to like these ,  as the reviews have been so favorable .
i have several of these colors now i have to throw out .
just a little hint for those who have the same problem .
i could write a three page review of what all is wrong with this game .
i have only used it a couple of times on two different cars and i think that .
for me the only thing that this does is dry my nails ,  and the bottle is so small .
they don t work at all and i see these in stores for $
this product was originally $ i believe . i ve been using gold standard for several years .
the boat looks cool ,  but it doesn t snap together securely and falls apart every time he picks it up .
in order to use it ,  we have to insert the cartridge that goes with the book into the machine .
there were bubbles on either the right or left side .
i would have never bought this for her myself .
i agree with the other reviewers that the wings do not stay on this toy .
other than that ,  idk why i bought this .
there is a reason these are sold with no warranty !  i wasted $ on one .
i had great expectations when i purchased this product ,  however ,  i would not buy them again .
i bought num_num of this product back in may num_extend
first ,  let me say ,  i love seaweed so it s not like i didn t know what i was getting .
first off ,  she s a rescue and had never seen anything like this before .
they are not comfortable and feel almost like toy shoes .
this pencil ,  while not a total loss is not worth what i paid at all .
it s really lame . this game falls way short of the quality of elder scrolls i :  arena .
i would absolutely not recommend this game to others .
for those who know what prototype is ,  this game is a copy of that type .
however ,  it continually falls apart and now the wheels don t work very well .
why not with the crew sock ?  ?  ?  ?  can t find it in department or athletic stores either .
regardless ,  i don t recommend buying this vehicle ,  i think it s just a waste of money .
my dog had the bunny s head torn apart in about num_num minutes just playing toss and tug  no chewing  .
i took one dump in num_num days and just dropped a few pebbles in that time frame .
i love rotisserie food but this thing is just not worth the bother .
i ve read all these reviews good and bad on this lens and i was hoping for the best .
i searched amazon for magnetic keyholders and this was displayed when the page appeared .
we have had this for almost two months and i am just not very happy with it .
they have no consistency in their bra sizes ,  and they have terrible customer service support .
i had this product for about num_num months when it decided to break !  i threw it away .
i expected the hooks to be large enough to work on my bluetooth .
so i will use this but when it s gone ,  i m not buying again .
could have gotten a cheaper external enclosure and used other software .
i figured that the handle could be replaced since it is attached only by a bolt through the lid .
it is still usable just really annoying when it comes unhinged .
i would only buy this if you have prime so you can return it for no additional charge .
if i bought two different models from the same company and neither worked ,  poor quality .
i would just get a another antenna for a little more money .
well i only used this one for a week ,  so can t really comment on the effectiveness i guess .
i also noticed that the new pair were made in china and the old were made in the phillipines .
virgin mobile has been a horrible company to deal with .
seems you could buy num_num bottles of the same color and get num_num very different colors .
i would not recommend anyone purchase this scope .
product was ok as far as quality but i did not receive what was described .
these are not made like regular crocs or even any other offbrand generics that i have owned .
i ve had them in for a couple of weeks and they have not shifted and are not loose .
this battery left me hanging in tempe az while i was using gps .
but for wasting my time ,  and frustrating me ,  i will give it num_num stars .
however ,  that did not stop me from being getting another keyboard recently .  .  . a ms num_extend wired keyboard .
pay twice the price if you have to ,  it s better than wasting your money on this .
the kvm just sits there with the num_extend computer light blinking rapidly and pressing the buttons does not work .
i followed all the directions to a t ,  and did not have problems with the sealant until .
other than that ,  stick to the complete pc collection .
it was more of a loose wave ,  a very loose wave . i definitely won t ever use these again .
i would not buy this again ,  but i cannot say it would not work in other circumstances .
so there was definitely something wrong with the control .
so unfortunately i have to give the shampoo no stars and the vitamins num_num stars .
i won t be buying this for myself . i ve tried several different wrinkle creams .
yesterday after them sitting on my desk for over num_num months i finally threw them in the trash yesterday .
ubisoft laid an egg with this num_num port .
these are not cutting boards but flexible sheets of thickish flexible plastic .
the grinder is not powerful enough to push the sausage through the tube without clogging .
it hurts your ear so bad that you will have to take it out often .
i have found that these do not perform as well as the double blade razors i usually use .
i have used this since last month and it doesnt really help the breakout .
this is probably the case for this product that did nothing for me .
this item doesn t work at all ,  it does not remove one ,  not one hair at all .
i love peanuts but these peanuts have a weird taste to em i didnt like .
i have used a product named filter aid in the past and unfortunately ,  can t find it anywhere now .
if i had a breakout then that area would be reddened after washing .
if you like seeds that are small and boring ,  these are for you .
disappointing because had they not been broken ,  i believe they would have sounded fine .
i returned them and decided that i would stay with the traditional men s boxer shorts .
right now he will take the rings off ,  throw them ,  then moves on to something else .
this really tastes like salted water and does not have much of the berry flavor .
this lube is horrible i would never recommend this to anybody ever .
i have an empty bottle and the ingredients are totally different that this newer formula .
that s just not good sausage making . don t get this product .
i can t believe that no where do you say how tiny it is . i will return for full credit .
first ,  the buttons on the remote are still confusing to use after all of this time .
i still have the rashes on my belly and back after num_num days of treating it .
these oxo units  look  like they are sturdier ,  better quality than other plastic units ,  but they aren t .
this is not what i expected for a product that is supposed to last for a lifetime .
all in all ,  i will not be ordering this product again .
i was very upset with this item it has no stretch at all .
also ,  because the pictures are misleading ,  you need to know that this cover is for a white phone .
i have attempted this several times but it does not work for me .
quality is not very good and the pendant itself is too large ,  at least for her  she is petite  .
i tried num_num different chargers and my phone is brand new .  .  .  . this was a waste of money !  !  !  .
so it s not really their fault and there s nothing they can do about it .
i just tossed a coated calphalon skillet that started to stick after num_num years of careful use .
this toy has caused more problems than happiness for my num_num year old daughter .
this was my first miso soup and i wasnt very impressed .
fits my galaxy note num_num but just doesn t want to stay on the window .  .  . keeps falling off .
i have num_num other pair of num_extend in the house that are the same size i ordered .
this charger was worse then the one originally bought .
i would not recommend them because of the clasp .
but i think its better to pay more than having just num_num minutes of this .
i have had it num_num year now and it looks like it is num_num years old .
anyways ,  unless your dog is very gentle with their toys this one is not for you .
i seriously wonder if any of the other reviewers bothered to play this game before reviewing it .
in this case ,  i should ve bought a real monopod .
both of them stopped charging after a couple of months .
customer service requires an id number which is not provided with this version .
i was only able to leave it for about num_num minutes .
this thing looks great ,  but it just didn t stick ,  so it wasn t very useful .
i can t figure out why and have tried every thing i can think of to get it to work .
i would love to have a cup holder but my chair doesn t have a way to attach this one .
boy ,  was i duped !  this is the most boring and needlessly incomprehensible game i ve played in a long time .
i bought num_num of these ,  figuring if they lasted a couple months each ,  i d have years worth of cables .
i originally bought this knife to replace my spyderco kriss that i was carrying in my left pocket .
i wouldn t consider this a selling point at all . if you are thinking about buying this device ,  don t do it .
i will stick to the powersupportusa screen protectors from now on .
hearing static after bringing to the gym for num_num months .
the dot size is small up to about num_num feet and then it just flares out .
you just spend your time wishing for more areas out in the open .
i have noticed no difference since taking this product .
they were a featured price ,  but that was even too high given the low quality .
i would not buy this again ,  nor would i recommend it to anyone .
i hate this phone case a waste of money .
the last set of batteries i had in them lasted num_num years .
the only reason i bought this game is because it had this so called  game of the year  thingy .
there is little good about this presto num_extend aluminum pressure cooker .
every time i tried to sharpen it .  . it would fall apart more .
and the one wasn t meant for and did not work with an iphone num_extend
for about the same price the lexar card  which is type num_extend is almost num_num times faster .
maybelline has been doing some great drugstore mascara s so i have no idea why they would release this .
furthermore ,  price isn t that great compared to what s available in stores . will not buy again .
it will grind just about everything from deer ,  elk ,  whole chicken with bones and nuts .
my power chewer had a hole in this in less than num_num hrs .
personally i ll just stick with steamed veggies on my rice instead of this product .
i m not changing my rating ,  though ,  because i still wish i could put more stuff in them !  .
don t buy this set ,  spend money on a better product .
this seemed like it would work well ,  but does not .
but when i got it ,  the chrome buttons broke as soon as i pressed them .
i was so hoping this product would work as well as most of the john frieda products do .
this music is very basic and very stereotypical action rock num_extend
i ve had many problems with this ,  as have others .
bought this about num_num weeks ago and the felt on the cover is peeling off .
the other colors were good ,  but this one was just kind of meh .
tried num_num of these with vista os and they will not work .
this is one of the poorest designed products that i have seen .
i used this product with chicken ,  bell peppers ,  broccoli ,  mushrooms and zucchini squash .
i just reordered num_num more wires and have started looking for a better slicer .
i will probably return them and try a different pair .
the only thing good about this is that only the sound works .
it can t be used over num_num degrees ,  and i guess the metal in the oven got too hot .
about num_num hours later ,  the thing was completely shredded .
completely disappointed because i was looking forward to using this during my next camping trip .
i never thought it would happen to my dogs .
either amazon is cheating their customers or the company they are contracting with are cheating amazon customers .
i didn t care how much these were as long as they worked well .
it s been way over a month since i shipped it back at my own expense .
some heard the echo worse than the others ,  but all heard it .
on a bad day ,  the battery lasts less than num_num hours .
i wish i would have paid a little more for a heavier case .
spent about num_num weeks upgrading drivers ,  playing the game for a bit .
this is okay for chopping cilantro ,  but does not puree very well .
a real disappointment and i would not recommend it for anyone .
i purchased for my classroom and have given them the same product before with no problem .
just received the response shown below after me second email to canon regarding my num_extend
this is a very cheaply made item for the price .
absolutely the worst immersion blender i ve ever owned .
i didn t really notice a huge difference in my pup s skin allergies after using this consistently .
i wasted num_num bucks on these . i dont recommend to anyone .
if you only have to walk from your car to the house then maybe you ll make it .
we thought these would be  great  in condensing our packing from the reviews but were disappointed for several reasons .
too much money for this product .  .  . a rolled up towel works better for support of the lower back .
every time i order this product ,  the company sends me nba street the first one .
i have been alternating that with flexitol  or store brand flexitol  ,  and scrubbing with a tweezerman pedro file .
my boyfriend used to compliment me that it smelled really nice .
etc . i looked at amazon s reviews and must assume this is the first hammock these people have used .
there were three screen protectors ,  but they were the wrong size .
i am updating my original num_num star review of this bike and downgrading to num_num stars .
they used to have metal where this fragile plastic is today .
i m not sure this will print as i haven t selected a star .
i ve used many samsung phones over the years ,  mostly cheap to midgrade flip phones or sliders .
other than that it worked ok for a while ,  then simply quit working .
there seem to be poor instruction and the cards that are delt seem to be repeating them selves .
this is the only item i have ever returned to amazon .
seems to be the only ones working well with the cobras .
they did have a good crunch but tasted so bad that i tossed both boxes .
the plastic material is very cheaply made and the ball gets stuck on certain parts .
so awful in fact that i can t use it even though i think it does a good job .
this is what i call the average coffee drinkers coffee .
she usually has interest in a new dry food ,  just because it is new ,  but wouldn t touch this .
do not get this product if you have an agressive chewer it is just money lost .
but then after num_num months the stitching on the uppers started to unravel and they literally fell apart .
will not order this product or from this manufacturer again .
this player is too old and not worth the money .
my first sonicare lasted well over num_num years ,  but this one .  .  .  .  . a total lemon .
after much consideration and reading reviews ,  i hesitatingly bought this unit due to mostly num_num star reviews .
this game is nothing more than an object for ridicule and destruction .
i had to pull the brass or copper connector from the top left of the charger itself .
if you have a flip case installed ,  this device will not fit the phone .
not to impressed and i will not buy a again especially for the price .
i would not recommend this item to anybody .
if as they say this is one of the better ones i d hate to see the rest .
will not purchase again until packaging has been fixed .
the other thing i didn t like is that it cuts unevenly .
i don t really know if this product works or not .
i tried on three different occasions to get my two dogs to try these biscuits .
but this was like nothing i ever tried ,  and not in a good way ,  sorry .
it s old in style ,  would have been better for me as a work shirt ,  but doesn t fit me .
neither would the little charging case that came with it .
i don t know what happened because twenty years ago they had amazing products for a cheap price .
if you like games that play really well ,  this isn t one of those games ,  either .
never heard of this brand and will never buy them again .
would not recommend when decent speakers are reasonably priced and readily available .
anyother time i either get the no active phone message every num_num minutes or hear static .
i don t know why this has such inflated reviews .
i bought num_num of these and they are junk ,  they all fell apart .
this cable does work ,  however the material it is made of it of very poor quality .
the four i bought came from a bad batch as they all smelled moldy .
this is designed to hold typical store bought bread in the bag .
i bought them for $ a few months ago and i still regret buying them .
i ordered this as a replacement and in a year or so it also cracked and broke .
i have not noticed any type of boost from taking this product .
during the summer months ,  this will be a very hard thing to control .
anyway ,  i love fruitcakes but i will not order this one again .
this coffee grinder has a history the motor failing .
the pictures in the instructions are adequate and just enough parts are given but no extras .
this game was really designed more for a console than a hand held .
my dogs chewed this into pieces within num_num minutes of playing with it .
not easy to clean ,  sweats on the bottom ,  cheap fiber ,  no ,  not a good product .
great price but unfortunately this product didn t work for me .
i will never buy a linksys adator again ,  they should stick with making routers and hubs .
although it uses a chipset and processor from three years ago ,  the phone is not slow in any measure .
other than that you are not getting what you are paying for .
these were the first supplement that i have taken that i had a bad reaction to .
this time ,  i got a size num_num that was abnormally large with different length heel straps .
my initial order was just this num_num pack and i m not impressed .
however the rest fit well so if i purchased a larger size they would be way too long .
i m very familiar with lactic acid and this one is no good .
i m not one who enjoys this feeling so i won t purchase this product again !  !  .
i m not sure how to rate this product but it didn t seem to help me .
after sampling this product ,  i do not care for the locking mechanism .
i cannot tell the difference between using this cleaner and using just soap and water .
we will probably have to buy a better one when we have the money .
i suffer from ibs and have been taking probiotics for many years .
i won t be buying them again and i wouldn t recommend them .
i will never buy food product from amazon again .
i ordered this bottle ages ago and have not even gotten halfway through it .
i wouldn t buy this again nor order from this seller .
i am very unhappy with this pot and another just like it .
this phone case ,  while it was incredibly cheap ,  was made quite poorly .
i agree with the other reviewers who say these vine are stale and hard .
i can hardly believe this product is from dlink .
i m responding to this product because it was the most difficult and disappointing .
don t be misled by these other positive reviews ,  i would be surprised if you were happy with these headphones .
i grew to detest this product after having to use it for a few hours in black fly season .
package came on time ,  yay but i was disappointed because it didnt look like the picture at all .
i need about num_num of these just for one eye .
this shoe appears cheap and i would not recommend .
i also did not see any faster charging on my iphone num_extend vs .
i used these underneath and my hands were just as cold as without them on .
they do work to transfer files etc to and from the pc ,  but it seems that it s so slow .
i will continue with this product for another num_num mths but i dont see this working for us .
so i rented it and played it for about num_num minuts and couldnt handle it any more .
i don t feel like it makes my hair stronger nor does it help with thinning hair .
this feels likes it s going to fall apart in your hands as you re using it .
we just made her do the action on the card itself and not worry about anyone else .
should have just used one of my dog s chew bones and cut it myself ,  would have been more accurate .
i tried this product for a little over num_num weeks .
this product is totally geared for male use ,  and therefore i will probably have to purchase yet another trimmer .
this router seems to have a range of about num_num feet .
i m sorry ,  but i had to laugh out loud when i saw the price of this product .
i would definitely not purchase cans this way again .
usually i like glamorise products ,  but this bra was a disappointment .
despite the advertised information that this item is made for jawbone era bluetooth headsets ,  they do not fit .
i will have to buy another coffee maker   but no another one of these   .
very disappointing !  since the product maker won t specify this deficiency the amazon description should .
i honestly don t know how this thing even got on the market .
hmm ,  not exactly what i was looking for ,  so they are going back .
i ve been using pruners for the last num_num or more years ,  on roses ,  bushes ,  trees and more .
also my former speaker could not play music from my phone .
okay ,  this is just going to be a bottom line ,  to the point review .
i ve been using skinceuticals sunscreen spf num_num on a daily basis for many years .
i guess they could provide better product with such a price .
my biggest problem with it however is its very short battery life and long recharge .
i died more times from the silly camera than anything else .
unfortunately ,  this is the only improvement over the num_extend
they don t hold their shape when you bend them ,  and they don t stick together well .
this mixer broke after num_num months of light use .
i followed all instructions ,  left it on num_num minutes ,  it just does not stick .
it appears to be more like olive oil than anything else .
i am very disappointed with the product manufacturing quality as well as apple s customer service for ipod mini .
this caused an issue with the otterbox case that is on my phone .
i had these only a few weeks when the left side stopped working .
i have been using this product for num_num weeks ,  and it s already starting to rust on the clamp .
they are so stiff that you can actually hear the springs .
i give it num_num stars for it being reduced calorie .
despite having great reviews and promise ,  this bra was not the one for me .
since it s so susceptible to moisture damage ,  we only allow our son to play with this when supervised .
i m feeling i have the same original battery that came with my phone .
they are made of a styrene plastic that can take some abuse .
i cannot see myself paying $ for another spatula that will last about num_num year .
here s the games out of all about num_num games some i have .
after receiving it ,  watching the dvd and following the instructions ,  i still had a very dull knife .
mine arrived covered with dried residue on the outside ,  likely from leaking during rough transit or handling .
this toy is not nearly worth the money that it costs .
etc . most frustrating is that they chose to ignore so many millions of satellite tv customers .
i cannot tune into the station for more than num_num seconds before the static becomes unbearable .
this time ,  though ,  about one in num_num have broken hinge pins and also some don t snap securely shut .
i actually was so frustrated in them that i threw them away .
there are only ten of them in  road rage  and they are too quickly beaten .
i think i ll go for a cushion that relies on something other than adhesive to stay put .
ive had no burn errors at all with either of the num_num models  regular or music  .
bottom line is that this charger doesn t have enough voltage to charge the phone .
very disappointing . as an emergency replacement we got the no name can opener from the grocery store .
nothing wrong with the pillow but was expecting something better for the price .
bought this junk because it is about the only vcr avalible with vcr+ .
i am sad to say that i am very disappointed with this item .
this thing doesn t stay on very well ,  it leaks ,  and the spring is hard to put on .
we use these at our animal shelter and i would not recommend them to another animal shelter .
i only used it a couple of times and then it stopped working .
i am not too pleased with this purchase .
using a harsh product like this is very detrimental for your hair .
this bra fit nothing like the wacoal and natori num_extend bras i purchased from nordstrom .
remember when veggie booty was recalled num_num years ago ?  plus ,  this product is anything but healthy ,  get real .
too bad ,  because i was looking forward to the convenience of using it with my kuirig brewer .
so i must have bought a soft copy along with being poorly built .
i would not recommend this to my friend or even my worse enemy .
for me ,  this was just about enough to get the taste ,  and then they were gone .
i bought these because i trust the glutino brand name but really ,  they re just not that great .
nonetheless ,  the big problem with mafia is that the gameplay is tedious and at some points down right boring .
would not recommend this toy unless playskool gets a clue and starts making the num_num shapes people are expecting .
it only lasteda couple of days and croaked .
i m very disappointed with this camera ,  it stopped working within months of having it .
i have this tripod for just num_num months .
other than that it s ok but totally not worth num_num dollars .
the mouth and teeth are weak spots ,  and our dog had the stuffing out in less than num_num minutes .
i reduced the rating for this product to one star or perhaps num_num stars .
i liked netgear products in the past but this issue is a little more than annoying .
i find myself using different base coats because this one just doesn t work well for me .
i did have a problem using the cornbread recipe that came with the pan .
the hose sprang a leak after being used only a few times .
will not buy this again or even try to take back .
not nice especially when talking about your nether region .
but they will not last if you actually run a lot of ammo through your gun .
this new case is obviously being made by a different crappy chinese contractor .
my husband was playing with this puzzle and it took him about num_num minutes to do it .
after pulling it out i wasn t surprised because the screw is made of plastic .
i give them credit ,  but there is much left to be desired with this product .
upon reading other reviews i placed order for this unit .
unfortunately this happened num_num weeks after return window .
this is my num_extend set of jars with covers for donivier yogurt maker in num_num years .
only buy these headphones if you like pain to go along with your music .
it isn t that they work a little ,  or work for a little while .
i had no idea there was so much lactose in this product .
i bought this product without knowing that it had soy in it .
i have dry ,  brittle nails that peel and i thought with daily use this would improve .
never really got the chance to see if this is effective because it caused me to have nausea .
i knew i d hate it ,  but she had already started and i didn t want to deal with starting over .
the sound is tinny and garbled . keep looking :  this unit is not the answer .
i felt like it didn t have a very good range of volume .
you honestly are going to see alot of boxes ,  in some of the most uninspired and retarted rooms ever .
if it weren t for the string ,  i d be giving this toy a high rating .
i ordered these somewhat gingerly after reading reviews on the timothy brand and the defective seals .
if i knew she didnt sing the whole rhyme ,  i would have never bought this book for my son .
i have an ant problem in my kitchen right next to my sink .
gross !  bad quality control day ?  whatever ,  i will not do business with kind again .
for those who want something small ,  this isn t very useful .
i keep sliding @ my work with these clogs not good ,  i not very happy with them .
after several weeks i see no improvement and am very disappointed .
however ,  the opening for the speaker causes dust to get underneath the built in screen protector .
i have used them once or twice only .
i used it to glaze some chicken ,  and tasted it on a teaspoon as well .
anyway ,  this popper did not end my search for a quality popcorn popper .
while the product looks like a num_extend i have not yet had time to use it .
i have used this lense about num_num times .
this item does not fit nicely around the playpen .
i ended up throwing it out and i will not be buying it again .
this product does not enhance my signal at all .
i will never buy levis again from this vendor .
about two hours later ,  it was at % but the external battery was % drained . very disappointing performance .
if they just let you separate the two pieces ,  that would solve the problem .
now ,  it was described as % cotton ,  and that s what i wanted to buy .
but i would not buy it again ,  at least not from this source .
i have to give this a bad rating because it will not work and really it should work .
this tubing was much more narrow than any other aquarium tubing that i currently have .
the cereal is made with rice and corn instead of wheat ,  so it doesn t really make you feel full .
contacted amazon ,  they sent out a replacement and picked up the detective unit .
i wanted to like these headphones but i had to return them .
i would not recommend this watered down version of the original system .
i only wish i would have sent it back but it seemed like to much hassle for the price .
if you think these are healthy or a good value ,  you ve been duped .
this product does absolutely nothing and tastes gross .
the phone is  docked  inside the case ,  which is how the power gets into the phone .
we are mechanically minded people and this is a very poorly designed machine .
the first time i used it ,  it seemed okay ,  then temperature was way off .
they are also down any future expansions that they might put out .
spent num_num minutes on the phone with linksys tech support with no success .
i have used nexxus products in the past and have never had such a bad experience .
one drop off of her head and onto the floor and these things were toast .
if loading times still occur in todays games ,  then something is seriously wrong with the thing .
at first i thought this would be great but it just has not worked well for me .
it doesn t work as promised and it ended up taking more time to clean up than expected .
and if u dont have that much just buy the sims .
sony must consider this to be a disposable product ,  it certainly was not made to last .
i would not recommend this kit as marketed and priced .
the first time i used the flat broiler pan ,  the tephlon coating began flaking off .
i thought my baby would like this to chew on ,  but i don t think he ever did .
i do not have a galaxy note ,  i was just looking for a really large case .
we d been using these as part of a dental care regimen for our tervs .
even down to the label markings on the cable ,  it looks like adesso .
don t waste your time putting fake chemicals on your lips .
tgey don t fit the samsung galaxy num_extend as listed .
the remote control is nice ,  but the sound quality is very ,  very poor .
i really wanted to like this and was excited to receive it but i just couldn t eat it .
it doesnt chop it mashes and as other reviewers mentioned ,  it is extremely difficult to clean .
you have to get a very very thin case for it to work on this case .
i didn t have real good results with this product .
i would not recommend this since my own cat ignores it .
not worth the money i spent on it .
this was the second and last time i go for the cheap price .
i have purchased these before and never had a problem .
these pots look like they re not going to last very long .
just sayin .  .  .  . just purchased another brand that was in veggie caps .
please note that the picture displayed with this product no longer reflects the current recipe .
don t fool yourself into thinking this is a cheap bike that will last you a while .
i never had this issue with my belkin screen protectors on my sii .
i have no idea how this product got so many good reviews .
this was an ok product ,  but i would not purchase again .
i was excited to be able to try this grip with my iphone num_extend
ultimately ,  i would not purchase this product again  and eventually threw mine away since it was useless  .
that being said ,  the cats were okay with it .
i have now experienced those  anecdotal  problems that others have mentioned for myself .
this brush has been recycled as it didn t last and the bristles would wimp out when wet .
i have tried everything to get past the second level ,  but it is quite frustrating .
i have never had such a difficult time mixing a protein drink as i have with this product .
for the amount of money ,  i expected it to last for more than a year .
i ordered num_num of these for my family to put in their cars .
i would not recommend this product if you re looking for beach waves .
this is completely unacceptable !  my mom kept pans for decades and nowadays a pan is rusting within days ?  ridiculous .
i have been using this product for num_num months now and i see no improvement whatsoever .
i got this because of the length ,  but it has not worked well .
this vest is made of extremely lightweight cotton which surely would not withstand much use .
sure enough it was ,  so clearly it was well over num_num degrees .
did someone forget how gravity works ?  perhaps it is made for another shape ,  but it didn t work for me .
hey ,  my bad ,  i should have paid attention to what company was shipping what .
the num_extend was really dragging down the pump and it left the mattress a little softer than we like .
i tried this again after num_num years ,  thinking by now it would be better than when i was younger .
do yourself a favor and get a better stylus by paying a little more .
even the usable ones are flimsy and keep coming apart .
this game fails in a different way from most games that you d see as a low overall rating .
the only thing that grew for me with this was my anger .
these bags are not strong enough for everyday use and i cannot recommend them .
but i regret to say that they have so far released no such thing .
so since july ,  we have used it maybe a handful of times .
nature s way clearly doesn t care about the health of their customers .
our num_num year old couldn t make it spin ,  no matter how many times we showed her .
the only thing that works is laser ,  treatments followed by lamisil cream .
waste of money ,  and the worst purchase i ever made on amazon .
the first thing i noticed when i opened the wrapper is the bar isn t very appetizing .
i have never had that happen with any other hair products !  this garnier has been a total nightmare .
i was really anxious to try this ,  hoping it would be my hair s holy grail .
i used this product but could see not difference in my teeth shade .
although these protectors appear to be durable they really aren t .
my very old cord still looks better ,  unfortunately it no longer offered noise free use .
it ll still be supportive ,  just not sexy . update :  changed to num_num stars .
for example ,  none will hold a power supply with cable .
i have to tell you that i have tried several different ways to get rid of my acne scars .
this spatula is a very hard plastic and has no comfort or give to it .
if you find the tazo too peppery ,  i m sure you would like this brand .
there appear to be some concerns about contamination in this product and other purina products .
i would not recommend this as a purchase if paying retail for it .
i have tried it with several phones and it will not connect .
those older toys are not recycled etc ,  but they have lasted thro so many years of play and use .
felt like i was doing more than just pressing garlic .
if you have a good diet ,  with plenty of fresh vegetables ,  not sure of the reason for this product .
this product is absolutely nauseating ,  and i don t know how anyone could possibly consume it with a straight face .
i have never once used them since purchasing because they are simply hard to get in your ear comfortably .
people can hardly hear me ,  and i can t really hear them either .
if there was something special about these screen protectors ,  it didn t impress me .
the instructions say all three need to go into studs ,  but the points are only about num_num inches apart .
glad i tried it ,  but would not recommend it .
i felt totally tricked by purchasing this product .
the only good thing about this is the remote that comes with it .
also this unit does not have a slow speed .
but if you think of them as a disposable item they are ok .
i never had this problem with coffee people and will try them again .
then they changed the formula about three years ago to cheapen it .
it felt like a cheap hard plastic case that would break on the first drop .
after i took off my sweats i still seen some residue on my clothing from this .
the drill i purchased from amazon . com earlier was a huge hit; however ,  this toy wasn t very durable .
i thought this would better than using baby oil after showering to moisturize my skin .
there are better truffles out there that can also be purchased at the grocery or drugstore .
maybe that s why i hate this game so much .
who actually feels like scanning enemies and bosses every time you play this game ?  not me ,  not ever .
have bought from this same product link num_num months ago ,  and that one was ok .
however ,  the fact that your batteries get wet means you will eventually ruin your batteries .
despite the claims ,  this device would not work in my xp computer .
i bought handmade belly bands on ebay that were super awesome instead .
i have been using self tanners for years .
we ve had this router for a year and it was only running good for roughly num_num months .
i would strongly suggest renting this one instead of buying it if you must try it .
this was made in the usa ,  but i m not impressed with the quality of this roll .
i tried the serum for nearly num_num weeks but wasn t impressed especially when compared against the vitamin c capsules .
i have been using the ovulite going on num_num months now .
i expected at least  ok  quality from coleman ,  it seems they really let there quality hit rock bottom .
think i gave it away a long time ago .
i didn t know what to expect when i received this from the vine program .
these were just too big for my taste and head for that matter .
when you buy hdtv  ,  you will need to buy another unit and service again .
i could smell it on my hair for about num_num hours after i sprayed it on .
i also ordered the table mats and they do not have the lavender cast .
i purchased this router to replace another linksys router that lasted about a year .
after using this concealer for a while now ,  i ve decided im just not a fan .
i would not recommend these wraps to anyone .
i don t know if maybe there is an older version that s better made but this is junk .
i have never met someone of asian decent who walks around with their eyes closed .
save your time and effort ,  this product is not worth the trouble .
if i keep struggling with them ,  they ll bend the posts because they re simply too tight .
i will not be buying any more merkur products .
my knees snap and click like a barbie doll ,  still sublux and hurt like crazy ,  sometimes intolerably .
they did just that ,  cut up meat ,  bone ,  cardboard ,  plastic ,  just about everything for about a month .
this is the worst product i have ever bought .
just to be fair ,  this item was used when i received it .
i gave it num_num stars since it did seem to lessen the kp s redness .
as long as they keep using perfume in their underwear ,  i will not purchase jockey panties again .
bad ,  does not fit well ,  it is too small for my average sized head .
when i put on this case ,  it makes the screen protector bubble up .
i ve tried numerous brands of stevia and this is not worth the price .
this thing is built like a tank and probably would last a very long time .
i just wanted to warn other not to bother with it .
it says ,  the state of california has determined this product to be made with substances that may cause cancer .
there was no coffee flavor to the bar other than bitterness .
it s a shame that this pan is so difficult to clean ,  i would ve loved it !  .
i will not be buying this type again .
i agree with another reviewer that mentioned that this set is just noise and not music .
they are the only product in this pack that i continued to buy afterward .
however ,  i ordered these pants in size num_num waist and they were a tad too snug .
i bought this thing from a local store and i have to say that it is pretty darned awful .
i ve watched dozens of tutorials and have done what they said to do and it still doesn t work .
of course this only works if you don t have the pole extended .
other car chargers that i purchased from amazon are ok ,  but this one does not do anything .
i have had them for about num_num months and i still havent gotten used to them .
if you need a product that works for your num_extend look elsewhere .
it is deceptive that this product uses the word  entree  in the title .
i have an iphone num_num with att ,  as the title suggests .
very disappointing !  pyrex needs to rethink their packaging of this otherwise wonderful item .
if the num_extend version plays better than this one ,  i ll never buy another namco game again .
what is it with adventure game makers today ?  they just can t seem to get it right .
this shoe was about a half to one size too small .
they only reason i give it num_num stars is that it is comfortable around my head .
i chose this rating because the product does not work ,  at all .
why would someone ever buy this ?  i dont think its needed .
i ordered num_num of these at the same time .
i had high hopes for it ,  but i wasn t very happy with it .
i ve been reading the reviews here in amazon and i was interested to try this product .
this has to be the worst mascara i ve ever used .
i give this pair of ear buds num_extend out num_num stars .
i like the idea of this product ,  but this model doesn t execute it well .
now i have to make sure my keys are in the other pocket .
at num_num va ,  it s rated for much more than that .
i tried several times ,  and every time he would immediately get diarrhea .
there are two things wrong with this unit ,  which sounds great for the money by the way .
i ve been using this router for a couple of years .
if there were negative stars i would use them for this product .
i couldn t get the bubbles out of the screen ,  but that isn t why i rated it num_num stars .
even then ,  with typical kid abuse ,  it is hard to see this toy lasting long .
also very expensive so probably won t buy again unless it is less money next time .
i wasn t looking for high end cutlery ,  just a cheap but well made set of knives .
do yourself a favor and stay away from this .  .  . thing .
you will be facing challenges needed to level up without any guidance on how to complete them .
however these particular vords are just really bad quality .
even if i dont touch my hair at all ,  the effect of this stuff will not last .
we ll see ! i can t really recommend purchasing one ,  there are better machines available . don t waste money on this machine !  !  !  .
if i had known that this was a lease ,  i wouldn t have ordered num_extend
there s nothing wrong with the filter to create the sound .
i m not kidding that casio has messed up on just about every new watch that is coming out .
i have to use the triangle button ,  but that is not even the worst aspect of this game .
but ,  for the price ,  i thought it would last a little longer .
the battery cover is barely hanging on ,  will pop right off with a little pressure .
i have a boston terrier puppy that literally will chew on everything .  .  . but not these .
this slow cooker works as advertised but the handles are incredibly cheaply made .
it was more of a chore to eat than anything else .
wrong !  not only does this tangle my hair really bad ,  it also dries it out .
in less than num_num minutes he has the stuffing out .
it is a struggle to pull my phone from this case .
the charging takes forever compared to my old apple charger that recently fell apart .
would not recommend this for any one with a glass iphone .
i have barely used it ,  a few drops several times and the bottle is already empty .
however ,  the product did not do anything for me . i will not waste my money on this product again .
i was also hoping it would work with my num_extend lights infrared controller .
my kids were so excited about this backyard flyer ,  but it broke after the first use .
and from reading the reviews ,  more than one person was mislead .
this has to be the ugliest worst designed piece of plastic i ve ever seen in my life .
i hope other people get a better response to this product than i did .
this is the worst i have ever used .
i washed this in cold water and the colors bled all over the very first time .
unfortunately there appear to be a few bugs with the software that can frustrate the player .
i wouldn t pay more than what i did for it $ at christmas  .
we would have been better off just storing these in a little box or bag .
i know .  .  . several dollars for a little piece of plastic !  unbelievable .
i would not recommend this model given how  much it costs  !  .
their response was to call their customer service hotline .
spend more money and buy a tool that s forged or even stamped ,  not cast .
i would not recommend using this phone or the virgin mobile service .
well it seemed to be working fine for about six hours ,  then it began discharging my gps completely .
they should have tried to fit them first before selling .
maybe others won t have as bad as an experience ,  but those with sensitive skin should skip this one .
i wish i had done my homework before purchasing this system .
since i bought three different num_extend bags of this stuff in different flavors i m out some cash .
also ,  the charge indicator becomes very inaccurate when using this device .
the  oil slick effect  on the screen protector was an absolute disaster .
however this product was not for me it made my scalp itch like crazy .
be warned :  if you have a screen protector on your phone this is not the case for you !  .
with a name like radio flyer ,  i expect high quality ,  but someone missed the boat with this design .
this is the first natural deodorant i ve tried and i m not impressed with it .
waste of resources ,  lookd just like you would expect .
here are the problems with this useless cutting num_extend
they fell out and off a lot ,  and that s without even working out with them .
this was the most stupidest ,  and unnecessary decision that i have ever made in my life .
one of my roommates gave me some zanax which was slow to work and just made me sleepy .
the only good thing about this product is the bottle .
so much so that i could not open half ofthem with an electric can opener .
i own the sennheiser num_extend that cost me $ and they sound excessively better than these $
there is no feedback noise associated with this power adapter ,  in either music or cd mode .
this is the worst fm modulator i have used and owned .
consider that there are many other reviews saying the same thing .
this is simply not a useful or cool product .
i have had mirror screen protectors before that were very clear .
after reading all the reviews and then buying the game ,  i m very disappointed .
i wish i had the results others have who gave this piller num_num stars .
the lifeproof one snaps closed this one does not do anything like that .
i have six backup batteries to charge and this worked great at the begining but the slacked off .
that being said ,  i had no problems getting the dough to extrude .
i would not have purchased it after seeing all the not so great reviews here .
aside from this whole drm thing ,  the game is just bad .
they should have made these with more ginger .
this sounded like it might do the same job for a third of the price .
meaning ,  the slightest movement and it will become unplugged from your phone .
unless memorex raises their qc standards i would recommend trying your luck with a different manufacturer .
i like braun products generally ,  but this is a dud .
i thought this would make cleaning the litter box easier but it doesn t .
this is my second iphone and num_extend time putting a screen protector on .
the major flaw with this product is the actual sound quality transmitted to the recipient listening to you .
i bought this cable at a very cheap price .
first time i used them the one on my thumb cracked and fell apart ,  the pink top piece .
when i contacted amazon they said they would send out one with a handle by num_num day shipping .
i bought these for use at the gym while on the treadmill ,  and for that purpose they are useless .
i even bought the larger size but they still are too tight in the legs .
too much calcium can cause bladder stones ,  and that is not a good thing .
nor have i ever had this issue with any other under eye gel .
the graphics seem like they were just thrown together .
but i am not sure i will like it that much .
i m not impressed with this player at all .
have ordered some other brands but never this one again .
as for working it has been num_num weeks and i have not seen any fleas .
the unit looks cool but the sound leaves much to be desired .
they must of had this for a long time ,  the last ones one the shelf .
this just didn t do it for them .  i do like the little container .
this filters filter my water but not as good as the original i got in my pitcher .
at least they shd have mentioned it in the instructions . this to me is a major product defect .
and i can tget a refund for a product that works fine but i suck at using it .
this is sad because the screen size is what i wanted and the price was right .
i ill never purchase from this seller again .
i purchased this brace because the ace brace i previously used was uncomfortable .
it looked and felt like a cheap presto product for num_num times the price .
the cat is now mad at me and runs from me when he didn t do that before .
this was bought for use while jogging and it only works half the time .
after several dry runs ,  i can t figure out how the design can possibly work well for anyone .
that ends my rant on why i believe everyone should be using a wireless headset .
i don t really like it ,  because it always leaves my hair feeling dry and coarse .
i have used many a percolators over a campfire and this one is the worst .
i bought extra premium filter media to add to this unit ,  still my water was cloudy .
given enough time ,  many people could pass this game .
the only good thing i can say about this game is that the scenery was nice to look at .
i was looking to do eyelash extension i readed good reviews on people who bought this product .
i purchased num_num of these for my husband .  .  . i am pretty sure they are counterfit because of the horrible qualiity .
i guess i m going with an apple product rather than this one again .
i originally wrote a positive review ,  because it seemed that i was getting it set up in working order .
i have been using truvia and truvia tastes much more like sugar than this product .
i was going to give it as a gift since i paid $ but it would have been embarrassing .
the collar itself is kind of cheap and not very well designed .
the range of this device is terrible as well ,  and i lost the signal at about num_num feet away .
it doesn t work well at all and will fail in a very short peroid of time .
i m increasingly distrustful of this brand s products ,  and this particular product increases my distrust .
unfortunately i bought num_num jockey underwear so they are going in the trash .
guess sometimes a good deal is not really a good deal . would not purchase .
the problem occurs almost every time i shutdown the pc .
might as well get the full sugar version and not have the side effects .  .  . sorry .  . very very disappointed in this product .
still didn t work good with the iphone num_num which is what it is advertised for .
this is more for teacup size dogs and not for small dogs .
i bought this based on all of the glowing review but it didn t work for my itchy boy .
but other than that ,  this wasn t what i was hoping for .
this is my first time trying kava brand coffee and it will be my last .
the plastic is cheap and does not go on well .
this product is a very pale paste . refried pinto beans .
this product either doesn t age well or needs periodic lube job .
this particular product did not work as advertised .
did not do what i it said it would nor as i expected .
i bought this and it sucks !  the face is still unprotected and it tends to fall off very easily .
i ve had it for about num_num months and it freezes up pretty often which gets annoying .
in other words ,  there are less expensive supplements like this on the market .
ordered a size up ,  per the other reviewers and they were too big .
based on the quality of the strain relief ,  i don t think so . i purchased num_num of these .
do not buy this grinder for use with an espresso machine or french press .
it s for medium impact i d say ,  not enough support for running etc ,  which is what i was looking for .
i wouldn t recommend this product since regular lotion worked just the same and didn t feel gross in my hands .
i am also disappointed that this didn t work out like i wanted it to .
i bought this brush based off the amazing reviews on amazon but im failing to understand why .
however ,  i have been on a diet that restricts processed foods for a few months paleo  .
i had heard such great things about this game but in all reality i found it very boring .
i have had this unit for a little over a year ,  using it infrequently .
bought this for our american bulldogs allergies but they didny work well for him .
the legs fall freely down into deployed position which would make it difficult to use .
the reason i bought this bag is that tamrac adventure num_num is too big .
would not buy again . the pads were fairly cheap and i did not expect that much ,  but nothing like this .
while this is called a num_num inch spatula ,  that num_num inches includes the handle .
would not recommend this because i would not recommend the blue yeti .
but why would you even want this crap on your kids  skin ?  or risk your pets getting into it .
looks to me like these guys are trying to dump a low quality product .
tried these on at a store and they have changed for sure ,  they are no longer briefs .
i only bought this screen replacement so i can fix my iphone num_extend with a broken screen .
i purchased this because i was wanting a green apple scent but dislike perfumes .
i am very unhappy with these and will most definitely not order them ever again .
i received one of these for christmas num_num months ago and have had to replace it twice already .
other reviewers have commented on it s poor ergonomics ,  and they are right .
i know coquette s aren t going to last forever ,  who wants forever house shoes ,  but i expect more from ugg .
this has to be the most  glitchy  device i have ever had the displeasure of owning .
i had to add a comment after reading the other reviews .
it seems they are not joined very well .
i don t think i would ever buy a phone from this manufacturer again .
i can t really rate this adapter since i can t get the wireless lan to work .
i tried to make this work more effectively ,  but i continue to get jagged edges on all cans opened .
although this looks like a solid tool ,  it s not .
the case is num_extend and the num_num is num_extend so it should have worked out better .
it crack while in my pocket when i sat down after num_num months of ownership .
smaller than expected ,  but pretty thin .  .  . noticing plenty of lint too .
spend your money on something else more effective .
i know each body is different but my body definely did not like this stuff .
and several months after releasing this game ,  a patch for these problems has still not been released .
we read the directions but they were not clear and the dvd is not self explanatory .
i used this item along with the penetrex pain relief and experienced no reduction in pain .
my dermatologist gave me this supplement ,  which sells for num_num times the amazon price in her office .
perhaps they were intended for people with very small heads .
i forgot i even owned this thing since it didn t live for more than num_num months .
i will not be purchasing this again in the future and would not recommend it to anyone .
but this time its a garbage product from china .
honestly i can t tell any difference in reception with or without this product .
this is an update ,  one wash ,  count that .  . one wash and they shrunk num_extend in length .
i purchased a rogar  not from amazon sadly  for about num_num and it was num_extend and very rigid .
i bought this bra in my usual size ,  but when i received it ,  it is too small .
i was looking forward to using this product .
i was so frustrated with the customer service i just gave up .
worst face wash i ve ever used in my life .
i am afraid it will harm my floors and doesn t seem like it will last long .
these panasonics hurt after less than an hour .
as other reviews have stated ,  this product did not work at all for me .
it took forever to receive these since they come from china .
looks like gerbdr just put their name on a cheap sharpener that doesn t work well .
which is better than the company that sells products like these :  it doesn t have integrity to begin with .
i d give them num_num stars ,  if i could .
used a different recipe from the american test kitchen s cookbook .
the first cord i had from samsung lasted num_num months .
well ,  it worked fine at first for a cheap dvd player ,  but after about num_num months it stopped working .
i have used this product ,  but no more .
it was the catnipthat came with it that they did not like .
with this stuff ,  i feel i m not getting any of the benefits like i did with the vitamins .
very disappointed . everything about this charger looks authentic ,  except that the lights are blue .
when you only get two for this price ,  its not quite worth it !  .
i caught num_num rats with it out in the barn in just num_num attempts .
this game is the least fun i have ever had .
no refund or no replacement !  not a good company to deal with !  .
this has to be the worst thing i ever bought off amazon .
not much better than the old ones i was replacing .
this is much smaller than i expected and refuses to attach anywhere with the suction .
arrived at my house already broken ,  and i don t want another one cause the poor quality .
unfortunately i had already used it several times prior so could not return it .
this will be my last time purchasing this just because of how sensitive i am to the smell .
i tried this for several months and never missed and all to see almost no results at all .
i used this tool for about num_num hr straight today .
i purchased this for my mother in law who could not hear the phone ring .
this kitchen is absolutely adorable and wasn t too hard to put together ,  but it smells terrible .
so after wasting three hours of my life trying to get this device to work ,  back it goes .
and that is why i give it only num_num stars .
i will be honest ,  this is the most useless product i have ever purchased for my cat .
i tested it by calling several people and nobody can hear me well .
these items were returned because they are not authentic .
purchased num_num of these for my friend and i ,  only num_num worked .
both were used and worked only slightly better than the one i was replacing .
first ,  i was under the impression that this game must be great because it is highly rated .
i tried to baby this one so it would last but it still went bad .
i am an avid amazon customer but i did not purchase these from them .
i have samsung galaxy num_extend t mobile num_extend
this didn t really seem to help very much .
if i found it on sale or bogo i d buy it again .  .  . at full price ?  it s not worth it .
if this game didn t feature the name num_extend cent  it would have landed in the bargin bin immediately .
wow did i have high hopes for this .
i ve had six dw games since i started playing them way back about num_num years ago .
i did some research and decided a burr grinder was the only way to go for freshly ground coffee .
please be aware this item doesn t have the support most tights do ,  and even so ,  too tight .
i found this product to be too flimsy and cheaply made .
i purchased this case  and the blue one  for my verizon iphone num_extend
this knife should never have left the factory .
i have tried these twice now with multiple tubes and they have failed terribly .
i ve played this game for about num_num minutes and simply became disgusted .
it also does many other annoying things that it shouldn t do ,  but there s to much to list here .
these were by far the worst peanuts i have ever tried .
i have thought they were better than that .
this bike will give you more problems than you want .
i just thought of another use for this controller and my tablet .
also ,  when i got them they were scuffed up and looked dirty .
these are very small cans ,  and i was looking for full size .
when considering the expander ,  be careful if you have a num_extend rather than the num_extend
this product didn t even work the first time we used them .
last year and again this year ,  cvs ran out of the original strength which is reliable .
the younger dog num_extend it all ,  though rather more slowly than usual .
this particular soup is not worth the money .
this is used for one dog about every num_num weeks .
obviously ,  judging by the other reviews ,  the quality control on this product leaves a lot to be desired .
for the price ,  it is only around num_num mega pixels which isnt good .
that tells me this is very low quality stainless steel .
the only nice thing i have to say is about the recycled content .
basically this is granulated catnip . unfortunately i want to get rid of cats ,  not get more of them .
i purchased this watch on january num_extend num_num btw .
unless you closely monitor this toy ,  the squeeker will be dead inside of num_num minute even with average play .
the construction of the case was not as sturdy as other bodyglove cases that i have used .
they are not quality and you will only be wasting your time and money .
i tried using on my yorkie ,  and it just did not work well .
i read the reviews that warned about the measurements .
this small ,  num_extend drink packs a whopping num_num calories .
i purchased a gomadic charger for this device and it simply does not fit well at all .
i would not suggest this case if you are looking for a kickstand case .
i used only about num_num oz water ,  and the tea was still too bland ,  yet with slite bitterness .
this was the worst ice pack i ever used .
this would have been a great game two years ago .
i was really looking forward to this case .
if you have a mac ,  getting bluetooth to work with the jambox is an exercise in frustration .
it is very depressing to have this phone .
the game would have been made much more playable if there had been a real training area .
i would have rated them higher ,  if i could have used them as is .
i would not recommend this razor to anyone .
this green tea is the worst i have purchased .
come on bushnell ,  you have been in business long enough to break the code on producing good optical devices .
num_num or num_num stars . on any other phone this wouldn t be a bad case .
they went outta business so you ll have to look on amazon or somewhere like that for num_num of those .
two stars because it doesn t do what it says it does .
i tried to plug it into several different outlets around the house but the switch must have gone bad .
i don t know much about the invicta brand ,  but after that little fiasco ,  i ll try someone else .
if you have any sort of sensitive stomach or ibs ,  i d recommend staying away from this one .
i ve used this before on other radios and computers without a problem .
i used this item maybe num_num or num_num times in the few months since i bought it .
disappointed that this can t be used safely with my canon num_extend
these top not only fell apart pretty easily ,  they were also so cheaply made .
this is one of the worst mats i ve ever used for hot yoga .
my num_num year old son hurt himself when he tried to shovel because it fell apart .
that s about the end of praise about this product .
the machine worked fairly well for about num_num months and then started to decline .
needless to say ,  when this grinder finally dies ,  we won t be buying another that s made by krups .
what a disappointment this one turned out to be .
i know a lot of people who love this coffee maker but i only saw problems .
so far i m not impressed with this popcorn .
the band size was actually a bit more generous than i expected ,  but the cup size was absurd .
returned for refund . i do not recommend if you have a num_extend epic num_extend touch .
i consider myself pretty creative ,  but i really don t like this game .
maybe it s just me .  .  .  . but this product did not settle well with my stomach .
but i have to admit ,  i didn t care for this product .
i have used many screen protectors in the past from  bodyguardz  and  skinomi  .
i trryed it with my good primer and the eye shadows wont stick .  . i would not recommend this to anyone .
i m only offering the experience i ve had with three different with the ctc lasers .
this version will not wake your mac from sleep mode .
i lost my sony mdr num_extend after having it for num_num months .
all in all ,  if feels like a cosmetic update to what was a great wwii game .
it s very clearly made of a poison and one that can have nasty consequences with prolonged exposure .
even at it s slow feed rate ,  this unit filled it bag every num_num minutes or num_extend
i returned the last pair of rockports i purchased from amazon without even trying them on .
don t waste your money ,  i will have to buy something else to replace it with .
i do not recommend this product for dry or sensitive skin .
i m not even rough on my electronics ,  and this case already looks like it has been through a war .
i have other galaxy siii cases but did want a purple one .
this was breached and destroyed in less than num_num minutes .
i then tried it in a smaller cup with the same results ,  barely any taste to it .
total choking hazard !  !  !  !  buyer beware !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  i only wish i could give this num_num stars .
to be honest ,  i didn t expect much when i ordered this ,  and had purchased it almost on a whim .
long story short ,  it s such a tall vessel that even using a bottle brush leaves it not fully clean .
i am very disappointed . old review : i got this for my daughters as a christmas present .
this meter seemed more than num_num degrees off when making maple syrup .
don t get me wrong ,  there all great games ,  but they need to stop putting out games in a hurry !  .
you might have to buy a second one for extra num_num bucks depending on your needs .
should have heeded the num_num other reviewers who gave it one star .
the only reason i gave this vacuum num_num stars was for the cleaning ability .
who knows what it is ?  i feel badly cheated and will never order it again .
i tried this charger in various configurations ,  charging items singly and in combination .
i cannot imagine ,  however ,  that cat food could taste much worse than this stuff did .
my two kids have no problems with it .
however ,  i immediately ran into problems with my mouse and keyboard .
however ,  when the package arrived ,  the handle was broken clean off where it met the jug .
i am reducing this one last star because every time i use it ,  i break out .
the other puzzle we have also had wood chip issues ,  another wood toy had paint chip almost immediately .
it s very difficult to do that with this tube deal .
i won t purchase this again ,  and likely will not order from the company again either .
i wanted to know what was going to happen next at that moment .
the only thing good about this product is that its cheap and it has a cover .
may be chairs  : p  .  .  . not only this ,  this is an inferior quality product .
other then that this is not a good or even an ok noise cancelling bluetooth .
i would have to say  save your money  on this .
used this product for num_num months and saw no results .
after reading the reviews ,  i ordered these not really knowing what to expect .
i think i ll stick with my old fashioned hour glass style egg timer .
i purchased this when i still was using a dsi .
they are  ,  however ,  the foulest smelling ones i have ever bought .
the fabric doesn t have the same stretch as the one i got last year .
annoying . this is the only notebook card i have ever used ,  so i don t know if the others are better .
all the little extras that come with it are junk too .
based on this incident ,  i will never purchase another sony product again .
my husband said they finally just gave up on it .
even the original nhl back in num_extend accounted for this .
and they want you to wash this with soapy water every num_num weeks .
i definitely would not recommend this to anyone .
i purchased this mascara based only on the high amount of good reviews .
i was told that this could be used as a dry shampoo .
i suspect that people who like really strong ,  very dark roasted coffee will like it ,  but i do not .
i normally have acne prone skin ,  but i have never had such huge ,  painful cysts in my life .
don t buy this product as it does not live up to its hype !  .
and this was with the second lightest one they have !  it s terrible .
thought i would spend a little extra money on socks and i was disappointed .
item needs a much better description as i would not recommend this item .
this came highly recommended ,  but i am not getting relief with a torn rotator cuff .
i will not purchase again and will not recommend it to anyone .
i still need more hoses but they will not be the gilmour brand .
the cans have paper wrappers on them and they have all been peeled off .
this is just stupid and hints at the lack of quality assurance testing of this product .
after num_num months of trying to do rice or steaming something ,  it got shelved and then given away .
if only the air bubbles would not have been created this would have been a good product .
after num_num years ,  my atlas pasta machine gave up the ghost ,  so i replaced it with this one .
this was not the best product ,  the app sucked bad .
however ,  after about num_num months of having the mount ,  the clip broke on me .
this is ,  on the other hand ,  protruding too much ,  and is easy to press by accident .
they really have no taste whatsoever .  .  . we tried all the flavors and were not pleased with any of them .
i found the distorted size of the bottom row of keys hard to get used to as well .
i bought it based on so many positive reviews .  .  .  . bad call .
i had problems with this phone from day one .
this didn t fill me up and was too watery with the watered down tomato sauce .
sending it back would cost more than just going to walmart to get a new one .
hubby put it back together but it fell apart again and again .
i just would not recommend buying this item !  .
had one of these ratcheting paper towel  dispensers  for probably num_num years .
i also didn t have any leaking issues  which i worried about  in my purse .
it happened right after i pushed and held the cold shot button in for a minute ,  maybe less .
nothing special about fast twitch ,  in fact this formula is pretty old .
this product does not do the job as advertised .
it feels like i have two right slippers but even then ,  they don t feel like a good fit .
does not hold a charge like the orginal battery .
i have had complete failure to get this product as ordered .
this is not the case with this knife .
the headband looks like it should sit flat on your head ,  but it doesn t .
i really regret wasting my money on this product .
have had this thing for months and overall am not pleased with it .
these dog nail clippers are cheaply made ,  not sharp ,  and not very durable .
my second attempt  this time using less product  went pretty much the same way .
he disassembled floor wires  pulled the bars looose from each other  so he could squeeze out .
i m saying this after receiving many dozen of them so this is not a one bad run deal .
this item took over a month to be delivered .
i bought num_num based on the reviews that these toys lasted longer than others .
i compared this overshoe with the totes geometric loafer ,  and after trying both on ,  bought the totes instead .
had to return num_num different styles of this company s knee braces .
it just looks cheap and a bit haggered not exactly what i thought .
for one thing ,  this game is way too linear  even the original castle wolfenstein gave players more choice  .
at one per day ,  it takes over num_num months to use up the bottle .
and its too small for the size of it anyway ,  max :  num_num big eggs or num_num small eggs .
it only toasted one side of the bread most of the time .
i was hoping it would fir like the picture and go down just a bit more .
these speakers aren t bad sounding ,  they just are not great speakers .
we have gone back to the chargers that came with the phones and are regular samsung chargers .
i don t understand how all the other reviewers had such positive experiences with theirs .
one time a fully charged unit started beeping at me about num_num mins into the call .
this did not make any difference in skin tone .
like many other reviewers ,  i have been having massive issues with the flash causing glare .
i was hoping this would be great like the other reviews said ,  but it didn t happen for me .
if you have any more complex needs this product and the company stink .
when i take the masque off my face feels rough and bumpy and not actually all that clean .
this was my first attempt at trying this kind of tea .
yes ,  i actually put that i hate this product just because that s what they call num_num star .
the primary function  to keep a fresh supply of moving water  is a total failure .
thanks ,  i really didn t want something creative like  mega man legends num_extend anyway .
it s also that missions begin and end  fail ,  more often than not  with no apparent reason .
skip this ,  i ve bought them all ,  this just isn t as good as other options .
i have fiddled with this thing off and on for a couple of weeks now . the form factor is okay .
my toddler had a mouth full of paper after only a few minutes of playing with it .
this product is not as much and easy to use .
after not being able to get this product for a couple of months because everyone was out of stock .
these typically have about num_num or more months of shelf life in store .
they are  women s size  that just happen to range from the num_num to num_extend
i was looking for a waffle maker that made a larger quantity of waffles .
i would not order this particular sp again .
this item could be so much better if the fruit was not so hard .
my family used this product for over num_num years ,  but last year the recipe was changed ,  sugar was added .
the second one stopped working after two and a half months . will not be buying a third one .
i m rather baffled by all the positive reviews for this game .
i will not be purchasing this product again .
i have to use about num_num to clip my poof style i usual do .
i would recommend if you have this phone do not buy this case .
if you have an old junky system that has bad video anyway ,  then this would work fine for you .
i have to take the case off to charge my phone !  .
yep ,  there was something about this coffee that just did not jive .
let me start by saying this needed to hold and minimize a num_extend chest .
this is not a high quality product ,  it may work ,  but at the cost of your long term health .
this makes the case almost useless . charging is just as quick as with the iphone wall charger .
it did protect my phone when i dropped it .
this phone is awful !  don t waste your money !  .
first time i tried to use it ,  it broke in my hand .
i will never buy this ,  or any other sugar alcohol ,  again .
this set could easily be reduced to num_num num_extend
with all the fantastic reviews ,  i thought i had found a toaster that could also cook small items .  .  . my mistake .
i m not impressed with the product and will not use it again .
it hurt my back even more than it was before .
i may have been sent one that made it past quality control .
i have been using this type of pill organizer for years for hubby and myself .
why ?  they smell more than any other sandal i ve worn .
i ve been trying to get one of these cases since the week after thanksgiving .
although the wireless headphones sounded ok i found that they have a problem turning off by it self .
i have no idea how this stuff has so many good reviews .
the only thing this would do is keep the back of the phone from getting a lot of scratches .
i m not sure how that s possible ,  if as the label claims ,  these really are from the same company .
they look like they would easily snap off .
i tried on several firearms before i gave up . maybe i just received a bad unit ?  .
it only takes about num_num minutes to get enough for all of us now ,  but the popcorn is rubbery .
unfortunately ,  in use it did not work very well for me at all .
i repeat :  this was only from rinsing under the faucet .
i just tried to use mine for the first time with an onion .
mine came with preinstalled songs and looked like it was partially opened .
like several other microsoft mice i have purchased it came with a defective microswitch under the left button .
i tried this product on friday ,  october num_num as instructed .
would not buy it for a friend and would not recommend it .  .  . period .
fyi :  there is a much better product currently available .
i do not like this product need to send it back .
i have been living in a fictional world where i pretend that i can actually sleep  late  until num_extend
i wouldn t even say photos were were better than nothing .
if you like peanuts i recommend getting a jar of peanuts and skipping this product .
dont think its better than the num_extend it isnt now and never will be .
this is not a good product ,  oxo i have found is really over hiped .
they get to the point to where you feel like there is no padding in them .
even free crap at the fair comes with shoddy instructions .
would order again from seller but not of the china glaze selection ,  .
if you are like me ,  you will not like this .
if you re going to advertise something like this ,  don t put multiple items in the picture .
i love calphalon ,  but this stainless steel is not recomemnded .
i used this for my thinning ages ,  this didn t work for me .
plus ,  you had to supply your own power cord to go with this .
i have been doing yard work for num_num years ,  so i am no  backyard rookie  .
after about num_num months ,  the transmission unit just died .
it appears to just randomly beep ! sweeping the same area gives different results very time .
i don t really like this game because all you do is fight .
just as a reviewer noted ,  these pods had little perfume to them while they looked intact .
not kidding ,  great idea but they did not design it well .
i have never written a bad review yet .  .  . but this time i just have to .
the fabric is not smooth ,  satiny and sheen like you would expect a leotard to look like .
the goo was definitely not dust ,  but some kind of residue from the manufacturing process .
these are really the most awful stylus i have ever used .
i really don t have a clue how they can say this comes with three different sized ear buds .
i have to agree with the other review which stated that the product is somewhat blobby .
the legs weren t long enough to support the weight of the phone .
now it s working again ,  but i am still unhappy about the quality .
if you want a switch ,  then ,  don t buy this ,  because it product terrible output pictures , tons of shaking .
i ordered this yogi green tea after trying num_num of their chai teas .
the motor on this device however ,  decided it wanted to quit far too soon .
ok we used it a lot because i had it but it is so difficult to clean after using .
i have replaced this with several franmara capitano waiter s corkscrew and couldn t be happier .
i have had to glue num_num of them back together .
i found this spotting scope nearly impossible to use ,  cheaply made with a very unstable and weak tripod .
this product only is num_num ppm and marketed as num_num ppm .
heating time is num_num minutes ,  cooking time for six num_extend cupcakes is num_num minutes ,  cooling time another num_num minutes .
if i had to tackle with that everytime i changed out a sd card forget about it .
it s a cheap unit ,  but still should have lasted more than three months .
canon generally makes awesome products ,  but they really missed the mark with this one .
long story short ,  the problem was this filter .
somehow ,  this one takes that system and just makes you lost .
this product didnt keep me dry during the days that it was hot !  .
having all the ipad models ,  num_num different android models ,  i can say this tablet overall is a bit disappointing .
in a little over a year the video stops or is constantly breaking up .
this time ,  the phone seems working with num_num bar signal strength .
i just wish there was some way to deal with the lost rubber tips .
i give the product only the one star ,  because you can t go lower and still rate it .
it takes num_num hours to fully charge the batteries and that is in the phone .
no matter how many times i wash our clothes with this detergent ,  it doesn t get the stink out .
but i have been utterly unable to get it to work at all with dragon speak .
your characters look like they are drawn by crayons ,  or watercolor painting or whatever .
i used about num_num of these a week for a num_num pound dog .
under windows num_num it will not connect at faster than num_num kbps .
i failed to recognize the fact that the cups were the size of my usual purchase .
they are also a little too dry to be a wet cleansing towelette .
well let me tell you there is no worry about that with this product .
i do not recommend this game to anyone .
with seche vite fast dry polish ,  my polish is rock solid dry after num_num minutes .
bought this for my mossberg num_num and it didn t even fit on it .
i also hate games where a main character dies that had you invested into the story to begin with .
i will not order this again and i am discouraging everyone i know from doing the same .
there was absolutely no difference in reception with or without this attached .
this will be my last oggi product for me .
i ended up ordering from another company to get a sturdier product .
i returned it . the picture makes it look like something you d buy in a store .
the only positive effect about this product it made me extremely horney .  . lol . be careful with this product .
i am ,  however ,  extremely disappointed with this thing on most fabrics .
with the normal strainer ,  you drain and flip over to clean with water stream .
they have no compunction about having their customers help them to debug their products .
the game is so boring ,  there is nothing unique about this game .
this product made my hair so dry ,  thin ,  and lots of breakage .
i did not see the negative reviews warning of the quality of the metal before i bought this .
this would have been better handled as a turn based element .
i would never have paid $ for a toy like this that is smaller then my hand .
i ordered a num_num in case they shrunk ,  but i should have ordered a num_extend
i think this will end my purchase of online products .
this does not blow dry hair very well at all .
have spend several hours trying to make this work reliably  surprisingly ,  with a linksys num_extend access point  .
this product actually made my hair less curly .
before i can even consider wearing this costume ,  i ll have to have it sewn again .
i bought this because it was cheap and included a fire starter .
would i buy again ?  not in this life .
very difficult to use any side buttons covered by the case .
the graphics for round num_num on num_num are incredible ,  but they are no better than round num_extend
even worse ,  someitmes i have to restart it several times to get it fixed . it sucks .
and don t even think about contacting delonghi customer service .
i have a problem with hard plastic ear hooks .
it did not clean my dish washer at all .
this protector was missing it s inside layer ,  and was too large for my phone .
i can t believe anyone would sell a product this bad .
after trying to save money on blades by buying them off of amazon and getting obvious counterfeits .
also ,  the drawer opens so forcefully that money flies out every time .
my cats have been eating wellness canned chicken for the past num_extend years ,  since kitten hood .
after just a few uses the plastic base broke ,  making it unuseable . i would not recommend this to any one .
this is not so bad the first time you do it ,  but becomes increasingly annoying over time .
i look like i aged about num_num years overnight .
not seeing any difference in dry skin ,  which is what the purchase was aimed at .  .  . will not purchase again .
most amazon sellers do not know ,  since they purchase these from someone else .
very disappointed in this product !  doesn t do what it promised to do .
amazon . com should protect future buyers and remove this company from their website .
really looked forward to this item ,  but never received it .
however if you are looking for something that works .  .  .  . do not stop here .
this toy is terrible !  it lasted about num_num minutes .
it did not cost alot so i think i will have my hubby go to the dermatologist .
the spoken dialog is also heard about num_num seconds prior to seeing it spelled out in subtitles .
i would not recommend these to anyone and will be buying the bluebuds x when available on amazon .
now having said all of that ,  it is falling apart like a $ cutting board from target .
oz ,  he had this product on his show several times  pgx  ,  so i decided to try it .
if you like this game you stand alone ,  i was angered with this game for a few reasons .
i have been pleased with my kitchenaid and most attachments for it ,  but not this one .
i d buy num_num of them if i knew they would remain intact for longer than a week !  .
unfortunately ,  they don t make any sizes smaller than a num_num so this shoe is essentially unwearable for me .
i applied generously and a tube seems to last a long time .
i tried this after reading all the rave reviews .
i have discman s that have worked for num_extend years ,  yet i cannot get num_num out of a digital camera .
not exactly helpful for picking up dust bunnies . i returned it and got a hoover floor mate .
i m very unhappy with this purchase and would recommend you spend your money elsewhere .
this is the first resident evil game i ve tried and was quite surprised that the controls were this poor .
there s really nothing you can do about the fighting that goes on in this game between inmates .
first ,  you cannot update this phone like the other phones that came out around the same time .
in conclusion ,  i will never purchase this again .
this is odd because i never have issues with other moisturizers ,  including those by neutrogena .
not worth all the money and time i have spent .
i didn t believe on some other reviewers regarding the fitment of these shoes .
i purchased these for my husband ,  who unfortunately didn t like them .
but sadly ,  the unit i received just didn t have what it takes to mow st .
they still work but the wires and board show . the only plus about this product is ,  its metal housing .
after using this product one time i thru it away .
i ve bought i don t know how many of these over time .
again ,  i don t know anyone else having an num_extend so that was not used either .
i would not suggest this product to anyone .
i went through the first bottle in about num_num months .
do not buy this shirt from this company .
i agree with whoever said too much software installed .
it was very frustrating to use and i am returning this product .
this goes the same with a very similar other game called num_extend
i have tanks with this product and without this product .
she followed the directions but they were too damaged too revive .
no graham cracker taste or texture . it tastes like the chocolate chip cookie dough .  .  . and colored a bit darker .
but as soon as i tried this  gentle  stuff my face felt like it was on fire .
i ve had them for about num_num days now ,  and will be looking for different ones .
not sure why this didn t work ,  because i have a samsung note num_extend
the noise cancelling model is great for flights but ,  still the same problems . a real disappointment ,  especially from bose .
if i had checked the warranty beforehand ,  i never would have bought this .
this time i tried medium auburn ,  and it said to leave it in for num_num minutes .
the case itself is hard plastic ,  but it provided little protection .
i ended up with buying  moshi screen protector  for my iphone num_extend
if you buy this toy ,  just be aware that there will be no monkey at the zoo .
it is the worst calphalon pan i have ever purchased .
i was really looking forward to getting this product for  my num_num year old son to  review .
unfortunately i was sick and didn t use this within the time frame to have been able to return it .
i was so excited to get this item after reading the other reviews .
not good low quality product ,  could barely hear anything  , so i wouldnt buy these again i dont think .
i bought the coolpad after reading the positive reviews here on amazon . com ,  but am quite disappointed .
i think i ended up using them in a meatloaf .
it came in the flat case ,  and that case is broken .
i bought this pan yesterday ,  used it today to make num_num burgers .
i guess she s more long than tall so she looks like a sardine when sitting in this bag .
when i received this and read the package ,  the third ingredient is  artificial flavor  .
i ve read the reviews that said some people have cut their lip on the serrated blade .
they are your lashes and you can wash them ,  rub them or whatever .
i have not had any success with sole stoppers .
i bought this item ,  played it num_num time ,  and then it broken after rebooting .
i ve only used this once and the smell was really nasty .
after less than five minutes of attempted use ,  this is going back to num_extend
if you have a small nose ,  this will just not fit ,  feel well or stay in .
i have used tiffen for many years when i used film cameras .
never buying from zagg again ,  i don t recommend that you do either .
not extendable ,  and they look like the cheapest shears i have ever seen .
for this reason the i will not buy the sweetleaf again .
i got severe scalp irritation which was a surprise because i don t have sensative skin .
so i tried this stuff and it does not work .
didn t really notice all that much of a difference .
i was wrong ,  dead wrong ,  this product does not work ,  simply put ,  it s crap .
i sent it back as soon as i opened the package .
then it is like it was never there . i would not recommend .
i bought a num_num and they were very much too small .
everything about this game is random and generic ,  and that s it s biggest downfall .
i would guess about num_num a day !  this is really freaking me out and i am so upset .
however ,  i guess it was the type of material that our chair is made from ,  these did not stick .
but the game could have used much more tech support before release .
who knows ,  the one you get might be  right on  but how would you know that without calibrating it ?  .
i will be looking for another set elsewhere ,  these are simply not that great .
there are other appetite suppressants out there ,  therefore i would recommend going with another brand over this one .
needless to say i will be discontinuing use right away and getting her something else .
worse ,  this charger never shuts off ,  so you cannot leave it connected for long periods of time .
after trying everything i could think of ,  i had to consult a walkthrough .
it happened again num_num more times when i threw them away .
these things quickly turned orange\brown and really aren t a good case .
and keep a record of the call ,  brookstone feels no obligation to stand behind their product .
so maybe this would be good in a warmer night ,  i do not know .
inc .   ,  they no longer can supply me with this product  .
the end was broke off when i opened the package !  not durable at all .
i think this was the next to last water systems i tried and lost .
maybe she has an allergy to it ?  ?  ?  ?  i know i have this problem with most eye washes myself .
we ve had this doll crib for almost a year now and it has just gotten worse .
even with a brand new filter ,  the water tasted very bad .
the case also makes it hard to press the volume button .
i have issues with the plastic suction cups staying stuck to the tub .
i returned this product within num_num days of buying it .
smooth as silk . third time ,  i m noticing that not only does my hair not look amazing ,  it looks awful .
pros :  cheap and didn t fogcons :  didn t fitfirst of all let me say i have a large head .
these bags might work fine but i never used them so i don t really know .
tried calling customer service on several occasions with no luck; the service line hangs up on me each time .
this product does absolutely nothing for makeup on young skin under num_extend
my next time going to the bathroom was num_num days later .
not very appetizing or satisfying and i personally wouldn t spend any money on this product .
this has to be the worst tasting diet soda i have ever tasted .
i have the original lincoln logs from num_num years ago which belonged to my son .
i don t rely on reviews as much anymore ,  especially when they are overwhemingly positive and sound the same .
i have the same problem with another belkin case ,  the belkin max case for apple ipod touch num_extend gen .
all i can say for this ,  is its better than nothing .
i m disappointed in this toy because i have several other kong  squeaker  toys that have lasted years .
this is the last sony product i will ever buy .
that s where the pros end ,  like all the one touch meters these require coding each time .
i have num_num cocker spaniels and a jack russell terrier and none of them like to play with this .
these cables work for charging but not for data .
if i could get six months wear out of these shoes ,  i would probably be a little satisfied .
my sister ,  however ,  has this toy for her son and have never had any problems with the assembly failing .
i hurt my ankle in them too because they are difficult to walk in .
they are crappy and do not block the sun very well .
after i used this product my hair seemed drier .
just don t expect more from this product than what i ve described .
been really disappointed in most games out the past num_num months or so .
this is not the case with other ,  better bike num_extend
just weights my curls down rather than giving them shape .
not all missions are like this ,  but it seems like the hard ones are .
this product feels sticky after it s dried on my num_extend
this is one of the worst phones i have ever owned .
it was something i will never purchase again ,  i sure wish i could return this product .
the next day i wore them to work ,  but brought my old pair just in case these weren t comfortable .
this lens just fails to freeze motion ,  even though you are using a higher shutter speed .
it smelled bitter and almost sour and sure enough that s exactly how it tasted as well .
gave this product a try and was so very ,  very disappointed because i really wanted to love it .
it lasts a long time but the cap is poor at dispensing so i keep the cap off .
this is nothing more than a rope with velcro and leather on the end so save you money .
i bought them for a gift and was irritated and embarrassed the product is made with sugar .
btw i have never gotten the internet to work . overall num_extend gets old after a while .
been using this for awhile now because i refuse to waste it .
i ordered a size smaller after reading the reviews .
another issue i have is that this product is not organic .
i didn t get that feeling with this and decided not to buy any more .
tried this twice from two different phones ,  and the same problem .
tried this for several months and no results at all .
i have owned three different logitech gaming headsets and they all were garbage after a couple of months .
i think my fellow  nam vets will appreciate this feedback :  do not use the  rain forest  setting .
wow ,  was i disappointed !  my silver bills only like the small round seed ,  and rarely eat anything else .
for the money this cost i would expect a lot better quality .
so go figure  !  or just stay away from it anyway .
unfortunately ,  they don t cling to the screen very well .
feel like jack and the bean stalk ,  but at least he ended up with a hen for his mistake .
this product really does not work correctly with windows xp .
this thing has a range of about a foot ,  with really poor quality sound .
i orderd it about three or four months ago ,  it still has not come .
should have paid attention to other people who said they didn t get good ones .
they don t make them like they used to :  the one we got leaks when you pour .
i tried this for my cat ,  as i read that it will deter both cats and dogs .
badly written documentation :  quite frankly ,  this is the worst rulebook i have ever seen .
he tried to like it .  .  . but this toy is just worthless . it is cheaply made and doesn t spin .
for one ,  as someone else mentioned ,  it isn t level ,  which is quite evident when oil or water is added .
my cat hates this ,  it smells like fish and i don t even understand why i bought it .
i should have paid attention to the reviewers here who warned about the poor quality of this product .
worked fine for about num_num months and then started acting up .
i m checking out madden and i sure hope it s better than this crapola .
i was hopeful this product would help me insert soft contact lenses .
i may have purchased this item before it was ready .
i had been using clairol natural instincts midnight black for a long time .
this kind of defeats the purpose of a food processor in my book .
haven t paired to anything else ,  i imagine pairing to my laptop will be next .
what was the deal breaker for me was that this thing is a lint magnet .
if you are looking for good brushes ,  don t buy this set .
the bottoms are rope so not sure how they will wear .
do not waste your time with this product .
i have tried other brands of this type of thermometer and they did not work as well .
the first application went smoothly but we noticed that the bugs were still really bad after about a week .
i purchased this device around num_num years ago for my num_num gallon freshwater aquarium .
apparently the mic needs num_extend phantom power that was not specified in product description .
there s absolutely no reason this should be the case .
i thought maybe the nozzle was too short so i tried it on several different ones and nothing happened .
i have purchased this same item three times before and will not be purchasing it again .
i d give num_num stars to the other colors .
the top and bottom didn t seat correctly ,  they kept falling into each other .
it also doesn t go well with other starscreams . most starscreams are supposed to have high quality .
it s like slightly flavored water . i would not recommend buying .
you are better off just using your hands or tweezers .
i m giving this num_num stars only because i haven t seem my dog really interested in this product .
i was hoping based on the positive reviews that these would be ok quality .
but it really doesn t matter since my last order will last for num_num years .
wait for version num_extend because this product is not yet ready for primetime .
i am very disappointed with cuisinart s quality and service .
you have heard all that ,  butmy first router quited after num_num months and num_num weeks .
i don t think this was constructed to actually charge num_num items at once .
very disappointing that less that num_num years old and with very occasional use the battery would go like that .
definitely disappointed !  will be trying a different brand next time .
i bought this num_num weeks ago for a business interview as i desperately needed one .
the problem i have with this product is that it contains soya and canola oils .
it doesn t give your foot enough of an angle to help with heel pain .
also ,  it only comes with one  exit  piece .
i gave num_num stars because well ,  i didn t like it .
unfortunately i sometimes have a tendency to be cheap ,  and then i end up a product like this .
i wouldn t buy this product unless it was at least % less expensive than it is now .
they were also poorly made with strings hanging out of them all over .
i am having a hard time understanding exactly what went wrong with this drink .
this thing stopped working within days and is in a land fill now .
much to my surprise ,  he did not tolerate this formula very well at all .
whereas this concept was astonishing num_num years ago ,  it no longer appeals to the gamer . another gripe :  way too short .
i wish i didn t have to leave more words in the review ,  because that about says it all .
ordered this charger with a battery and never did work .
had to break this case to get it off of my kids phone .
i didn t want to waste our money so i give the treats to our dogs with training sessions .
i can drink just about any coffee in an  emergency .   i could not drink this stuff .
i ve had the num_extend for about num_num weeks now ,  and i have to say ,  i m pretty disappointed with them .
i m very disappointed and will not be ordering anything from this seller again .
then i cut out the middle of the lid and replaced it with cat proof stainless steel mesh .
i purchased this item about num_num months ago .
we had this bench from the time my son was num_num until he was num_extend
bought this item but switched to opi as gelish seemed to not last very long .
i ordered this hoping it would be more brown than the dark ,  but it isn t any different .
this is tne second burr coffee grinder i bought ,  neither one lasted too long .
this particular bottle doesn t keep water hot for even num_num hours .
i have no idea what happened but it just wouldn t charge the phone .
thought kong was a good quality name .  .  . but this toy is junk .
even at amazon s price ,  this just isn t worth the money .
in order to make ice cream with this contraption ,  you need to freeze the cylinder for num_num hours beforehand .
they re hiding something with these units and they ought to be recalled .
it is a shame since the product works fine on devices with completely flat screens .
will not be buying any more oxo stainless utensils .
i wish i hadn t purchased this phone under contract because i m stuck with it for another few months .
my hair actually felt dry and it did not moisturize that much .
i was searching on amazon for some soap without perfumes or dyes and came across this .
overall ,  even though these were a goldbox special ,  it was not worth the money and i promptly returned them .
my wife doesn t like this very much at all .
all the cons with this unit were eliminated with the jabra supreme .
i don t know what i was expecting when i got this in the mail ,  but i don t like it .
the only reason i didn t give this game num_num star was because it had great graphics .
so after this bottle runs out i will not be buying it again .
i love imak products but have to say i am very disappointed with this item .
the only redeeming factor ,  in my opinion ,  was the fact that each bar has num_extend of fiber .
we have not had this problem with other foods ,  so we know it was the new food .
at it most basic level ,  grinding coffee ,  this thing failed .
and the company s technical support doesn t know anything at all about their product .
i imagine people would purchase this to process herbs  that was one of the reasons i bought mine  .
i don t know why i even tried to go back to this phone .
i had a duodenal switch num_num years ago and it s still pretty bad .
but ,  again ,  stay away from the soccer version .
less than num_num minutes and the motor died .
i purchased this for a candy bowl ,  but it broke immediately .
hopefully the car charger i bought with this doesn t have the same issue .
this type of grind is typically used in espresso machines ,  not drip coffee makers .
but what really made me dislike this product was the durability ,  or lack thereof .
i have to pry my pistol out of this thing .
i bought this on march num_extend num_num and it started to act up about three weeks ago .
while changing speeds from num_num to off ,  the machine detected a weak contact for the stir speed .
i can honestly say i think i will try another company because we don t even use this case everyday .
it fits easily in a purse ,  but not in the pocket of your pants .
i started using these squeakers num_num day ago .
the problem ?  i wear a size num_num in every shoe i have bought in the last num_num years .
this turned out to really just be gummy candies instead of something more like fruit roll ups .
no sense . i will not order from this company again .
and ,  so i replaced it with this one ,  and it lasted a few weeks .
to make a long story short ,  it is entirely worthless .
that was a disappointment but hey it was fairly cheap !  will give num_num stars when i get liquid !  .
the audio quality wasn t near as good as my experience with the num_extend
there is not a scratch on them that would have happened if they were dropped .
i m very disappointed and i really wanted to like this game .
trust me its not . this game doesn t feel like an mmo its mostly a persistent single player online game .
i tried this product again because of the smaller size ,  but it isn t any good anymore .
i did not buy these from amazon because i wanted to try them before committing to num_num of them .
i didn t like the the fact that you had a limited number of installs .
i read the range of reviews before trying this .
sent it back to bushnell and it has been num_num months and still waiting .
this is without a doubt the worst vacuum i ve ever owned .
the sound seemed muffled and quiet even when i maxed out my ipod volume .
i don t know how this siphon has such good reviews on amazon .
what the heck ?  after about a week the replacement blade was dull .
and is it just me ,  or is the stadium really dark ?  so much more could have been done .
this  plum  bread tray from amazon came in the mail yesterday and i am very disappointed .
this cover gives you a false sense of protection .
i am very disapointed regarding the price vs the quality of these shoes .
not sure if these are available in different sizes .
i wish i d know about this product before i ever paid more money and bought my first violight .
so i guess i just don t like a carafe that pours slowly and sloppily .
i am very disappointed with kaytee for this .
doesn t feel very sturdy ,  but i guess for the price it s okay .
it was obvious from day one it wouldn t last more than a year .
bought num_num of these for christmas and a num_num shot hand gun that ran on batteries .
i ve been through num_num plantronics headsets over the past year .
i will finiah the bottle ,  but i will not be buying them again .
other than the graphics this game sucks majorly .
this poc is in the running for the most useless thing i have bought all year .
this case is defective because it covers the sensors needed to use your phone .
what more can i say other than don t waste your money !  .
i had a cast iron sink and it was really low suction .
there are better games out there . trust me on this one dont buy it !  !  .
it isn t the brand ,  it s something about this particular shoe .
i know there has been much hype about teff but the taste does not live up to the hype .
we re talking beaks ,  chicken feet ,  eyeballs ,  even chicken poop !  i would not recommend this product .
i don t recommend you to buy this item .
those that do pop are very small tasteless little things .
i think that states how misleading this product really is .
never get this i should have listened to the many reviews about this junk .
the smell from this product is still on my skin num_num hours later .
after it slips off about num_num times ,  it is almost unusable .
i m not sure what convinced other people to give this product such high ratings .
will not buy again as i bellieve kona coast is not using the best products for this .
i really assumed this would be an equal ,  or close to equal ,  trade considering the higher price .
however ,  it is very cheaply made and fragile and does not hold up well .
this is the biggest piece of junk i have bought in a long time .
hard enough to navigate without variations in you compass reading .
they recommend that the subwoofer be placed on the floor ,  but even that doesn t add much .
i have never been so frustrated with a game that has potential yet failed so miserably .
when i first bought this charger it was charging my phone with no problem .
this is the first amazon product that i have not been satisfied with so i m crushed .
the hose turns so that my wand is upside down .
i have made several attempts to download this onto my windows num_num laptop .
junior high school kids could have easily come up with a better design .
not too happy with the poor quality of this rolled bandage .
the directions also stated that it should be used every other day and then skip a week .
i would not recommend this to anyone at any time .
however ,  ancient harvest doesn t do a very good job .
this chamois is very thin and will not last long .
this is a very disappointing product on several levels .
now i feel like the transfer bench i ordered was a waste of my money .
i gave it to my num_num year old arthritic leonberger ,  and it made her sleepy and very grouchy .
when i ordered this popcorn ,  i was expecting a premium and organic popcorn with low sodium and low fat .
but now that leaves me with the factory battery that doesn t last half an hour .
the batteries that i bought from your company are the same as the batteries that came with that phone .
how can these things not manage to last more than a couple weeks ?  .
putting a shoe on needs something that is very sturdy and rigid not  flexible  .
you should have seen the look of disappointment on my face when i first played mortal kombat num_extend
i ended up buying another one from radio shack instead ,  and no problems  fromt that one  .
we ve used it maybe num_num or num_num times . i hope i get my money back .
to me ,  if you get cheap crap for that $ you might as well have thrown it away .
i used this product for num_num weeks and didn t feel any effects ,  positive or negative .
that s what this piece of junk is about .
i don t know why this got good reviews .
i m not giving this two stars because it s a bad product .
my beef with this case is that i just don t like the design or feel of it .
even for basic woodworking ,  i had a very difficult time with this knife .
the biggest problem with it was that after a few months ,  it wouldn t hold a charge .
i didn t get any more use out of this pan than far less expensive models .
i do not recommend this product to anyone .
it s a little bulky ,  but with the amount of battery life its given my cell phone i don t care .
plus the cheap plastic window is out of keeping with the otherwise solid steel construction .
the woman told me that under warranty ,  they don t pay for shipping to them no matter what .
i will not buy this again and recommend you select another product designed better .
i have tried over num_num kinds of screen shields ranging from cheap ones to very expensive ones .
there is also an aftertaste upon swallowing that i found a bit unpleasant .
many reviewers have mentioned leaks and spills and loss of the blender s contents .
i bought this drive about num_num year ago and didn t use it very often .
this was not worth the time ,  effort or money .
this is the first time i ve had a negative reaction to this brand s products .
if you already take garlic pills and are used to it ,  this is probably for you .
unlike the mostly successful rat trap from tomcat ,  this trap does not kill the mice but maims them instead .
i have used brita for num_num years and never have i seen this downpour of gray water .
our golden puppy is a killer of plush toys ,  so the lack of stuffing was a huge selling point .
its so surprising that this product is worse than my handmade dipole antenna .
it tastes horrible ,  looks and tastes like sawdust . i would never purchase this product and would not recommend it .
flimsy blade ,  doesn t cut well ,  gets stuck in wood ,  bends extremely easy .
about num_num months after i bought the replcement ,  the foil got another tear in it .
i owned this product for almost num_num hours .
i m calling the company tomorrow ,  it s got a num_num year warranty ,  but i m not hopeful .
other pomades i ve used washes off easily with just water .
contrary to what other reviewers have said ,  the sound quality is definitely not cd quality .
i was hoping that it would disassemble for cleaning like that one but it doesn t .
i will keep it but would not purchase again .
this product did absolutely nothing to calm the atmosphere with the introduction of a kitten to two older cats .
the one prior to this one lasted exactly num_num months which was just after the warranty expired .
it lasted less than num_num weeks before the motor burned out .
that is really all i have to say about this product ,  except i do not recommend it .
this product did nothing for me even after i reduced my consumption and worked out num_num days a week .
most of the penn plax air stone i have bought lately just don t last long .
i have a similar problem to what other users are reporting ,  it drops the connection every num_num minutes .
there really isn t anything to praise about this game that separates it from previous final fantasy games .
i bought this on amazon for my droid num_extend and used it about few months .
this does not fit the verizon iphone num_extend
i would not recommend anyone to purchase these cakes .
the taste just isn t good enough to fit the price .
i was shocked at the poor quality of this device .
was very disappointed as it did not last much longer than the original battery .
to relive the nightmare of this game ?  apparent ,  num_num people who reviewed this game and my friend did .
i would not buy this again . also ,  this isn t the first one we got that did this .
these screen protectors were not the exact match for the samsung galaxy s .
i was using this switch to route video from ip cams in the house .
i got the infamous  code num_extend problem that many others are seeing with this product .
i am very disappointed in the value of this purchase and the misleading description .
i also have now owned num_num or num_num of these and they just get worse as time goes on .
will not buy any more because of this defect . d .
i could have given more details but with all these flaws it would have been extremely long winded .
i can only assume they are abandoning me with this burr mill that no longer works .
that is the only reason i gave this product num_num stars as opposed to num_extend
i bought this spatula specifically to use in nonstick pans to avoid marring the finish .
pull back cover off the phone  this exposes the num_extend
i am giving this num_num stars because some people like bland food ,  but for me it has no flavor .
this goes to show looks don t make a difference when it comes to sound quality .
well ,  i found that using motospeak was mostly useless .
squeaker was out in about num_num minutes ,  from then on it was shredded to pieces .
the screen protector is a touch too big and when aligning the cutouts ,  they do not align properly .
the only positive about this earpiece is that it s pretty .
it wasn t expensive ,  but anything should be usable for more than num_num months .
i would not have purchased if these had been fully disclosed .
also ,  like another reviewer said ,  it s not very hydrating at all .
why would you spend money on this ,  especially since you re nintendo ds comes with pictochat ,  which is far superior .
no second charger where you can take it with you when travel ,  and no user replaceable battery .
i would not recommend these because of the texture .
after that ,  i threw it out and will never buy this product again ,  or anything from this company .
even though i used this habitually for nearly two years ,  i still kept getting acne .
really like the design but when it arrived the left sleeve had three ripped holes in it .
overall ,  this product promised me much ,  and delivered little .
so ,  after using my cordless shark hand held for about num_num months ,  i m giving it num_num stars .
i then after contacting the seller through amazon i waited num_num days for a response with no success .
there are num_num pictured in this product description ,  very deceptive .
so it was really a crunchy shortbread cookie with a speckle that might have been chocolate .
this was not charging dock for a motorola droid maxx ,  so i returned it .
i bought this to use with my samsung vibrant galaxy s phone ,  but it didn t work for me .
want to play the remaining levels in that $ game you just bought ?  not so fast ,  hotshot .
this bra is made out of very heavy material .
this is the lowest rating i have given on amazon .
i bought this remote to use with my num_extend panasonic crt tv in the bedroom .
also ,  i have a honda crv ,  and the dash is slightly curved ,  so it doesn t sit well on it .
if i could give it num_num stars and comment ,  i would .
i wasn t at all impressed with this product .
i did this several times with no luck .
i tried to install this on my num_extend suburban and it doesn t have the right type of adapter included .
it was suggested that i get a white noise machine .
had i wanted unreal ,  i would have just bought unreal .
i have used this for the full num_num weeks and nothing about my eyelashes are different .
i was really excited about this litter box .
i have sparse eye brows and am sorry to say that this product does not work .
a more accurate description is that there s neither rhyme nor reason to them .
the worst thing about this volleyball is inclusion of padding between bladder and leather covering .
he says irritating things like  this doesn t look good !  you better be careful !   .
not a very good choice . as other reviewers have mentioned ,  the beep on this thing is annoying .
my husband bought this for himself and it caused him to have gas pains .
i originally purchased this as a cheap optic to throw on my secondary airsoft gun just for looks .
this an awful device that is difficult to assemble for use ,  and very greasy to clean up .
i wouldn t recommend them and i certainly would not purchase again !  !  .
i received this product yesterday and attempted to use it this morning .
they would have been badly damaged during the hotter months . so there you have it .
i knew within the first num_num minutes that i was not going to like this game .
after about num_num month of usage ,  it is broken today .
i have had these headphones for about num_num years now .
i bought this product based on all the great reviews and it was a mistake .
it might work for some people ,  yet in my opinion it is a not a good use of $
i would not recommend this holder for someone who plans on using it on a freeway .
i really wanted to like this thermometer ,  but it did not live up to my expectations .
after num_num minutes of not getting anywhere ,  i gave up and threw it away .
i would not recommend this collar if your dog has a bad barking problem .
i used this for num_num months   changed them every month   .
also ,  they were very greasy as i could see white grease on the outside of the beef steaks .
we ve only had it for about num_num months so i m hoping it ll last several years the same .
either way ,  my old hp worked much better than this camera !  don t waste your money .
so now i have to wait up to num_num weeks for a refund and wait and repurchase .
i would like to seriously recommend people away from purchasing this product .
this product has worked for me in the past but not this time .
this needs longer screws for the attachment or two different sizes of models .
these styli will not work on a matte anti glare screen protector .
i have also not been able to get the ivox feature to work with this either .
moral of the story ,  for $ bucks a piece ,  buy something that is going to last instead of this .
i would not recommend buying from this seller .
it had changed the texture and look of the phone ,  plus it didn t seem to fit right .
when i bought this case ,  i was looking for something that could eliminate my wallet .
i was ripped off with this ,  i dont recommend it !  it didn t last not even one week it .
if you re looking for something to make your nails shiny ,  this is definitely not it .
it is also the worst my family ,  neighbors and mail lady have ever seen .
if your thinking of getting these for wash cloths .  .  . don t .
my table arrived with a num_extend jagged crack in that plastic .
doesn t it look like that is what s in the top ,  middle pouch ?  no .
this is the worse lipstick i ever tried .
i personally would not recommend these unless they cost less than thirty bucks .
the menu is tedious and cumbersome to work with .
i did not . i will never try another product from this company .
i wish i could mail it back but we opened it .
i might have actually rated this game a num_num overall ,  it if wasn t for steam  .
don t get this espresso tamper wet the finish will come off instantly .
they also started falling apart within a year or so .
this game didn t have that ,  and that was a sorry thing to see .
this is the worst blade i have ever seen .
i used this headset just one or two times a day .
i am really disappointed in this product because my daughter really did love looking at it in the car .
we ve had it over a year and she still hasn t taken it out of the bag .
i used this for two months and once i tried using it is num_num degree weather it stopped working .
i disliked this toy so much that i returned it to the pet store  first time ever  .
we did not like this because our lab did not like it .
i put my iphone in it ,  but it really doesn t hold it very well .
i stopped taking it and the navel stopped itching in less than num_num hours .
after try having my cat try this product did not like it he normally eats any snacks .
if you skip the ring there is an extra piece of collar that will be flapping in the wind .
i just took this out of the box and turned it on to pair it with my iphone num_extend
not ! it is the most difficult vacuum i have ever used .
unfortunately ,  this product has too much pepper for me .
but really ,  i am not okay with the terrible sound quality .   .
two detested it and protest loudly if i try to leave them in it for more than five minutes .
i have used this for months and it does not work .
i also didn t like that when handling it the case easily slipped around ,  bending every which way .
it smells like rubber and i think that really put them off and it is a pain to fill .
after reading other reviews here that seemed to confirm my guess ,  i searched online for the part .
i thought this would have been as durable as a nylabone ,  but not even close .
i bought this as a replacement but it didn t fit my iphone num_extend at all .
i will probably not be buying this one again .
and not just saying that because i don t sell it or anything else on amazon . com .
for the first num_num days it made me feel very tired .
if you are thinking about buying this game don t !  !  ! its not even interestign or the least bit fun .
this is the second box of this that we have purchased plus the powder and neither work .
this is the worst game we have ever purchased .
i went through two of these cases before i decided that i would go with a different case .
no suport for any camera app other than num_extend
live video stream  ,  the battery wouldn t last for more than an hour .
with the price i paid for this case ,  you d think they would be of better quality .
it wasn t as good on sandwiches . then i tried one of the recipes that came with the bottle .
my husband has been wearing fotl undershirts as sleep shirts for years .
smells like mice were douzed in kerosene or some other chemical perhaps bug spray .
this product is the thickest ,  cakiest ,  driest product i have ever tried .
i bought this one for my daughter ,  and it did not pick up at all .
there was no goldie locks just right size with this line .
so i m back to my old  alarmless ,  alas  metal watch from target that i ve had for num_num years .
the rulers  that go at the top and bottom of each side  were bowed inward and very flimsy .
this case has absolutely no feel to the buttons .
broke the first time i used it ,  right in the middle of making lemon sherbet .
if you can t watch your cats while they play with these ,  do not buy them .
this thing is a piece of junk and doesn t clean anything .
their cuts and scrapes would use this product up in a few days .
the recorder worked ok but seemed to be made very cheaply ,  with a great deal of plastic .
big mistake .  .  . these are really cheap shorts ,  and i am surprised .
however ,  they do need to correct this design flaw since the last two have failed the same way .
i am very disappointed in the current product and will be looking for a new manufacture .
within num_num weeks of my purchase this item stopped working .
sick ! the photo software that this num_num comes with is useless .
in this case ,  however ,  i feel it imperative to comment on the design flaw .   .
but worse than that is the crayons just fall apart .
it smelled much better than the serum ,  but it did absolutely nothing .
i have to remove the battery ,  wait for num_num seconds and insert it again to reset the num_extend
it s like when i look at this game i m reminded of vomit .
i bought this because one of his front toenails broke off and he kept licking it getting it infected .
i believe this would be much better on medium to darker skin tones .
however ,  these represented a challenge never experienced since i changed my first flat ,  years ago .
he said ,  and i quote ,   well ,  what am i supposed to do about it ?   .
this line was the worst line i have used .
this case would probably be great for tag ,  but for leap reader the pen does not fit .
this is nothing like the product that we grew up with ,  save your money .
i attempted this num_num times on my hair and scalp .
in addition ,  the bags i received will expire in less than num_num months .
i purchased this for use on a benjamin num_num air rifle ,  and i am totally disappointed .
the only other thing is it s really thin and does not protect your phone .
it not even num_num months later and it has had to be replaced num_num times and repaired twice .
for a coffee maker to only work num_num months ,  it is junk .
the only good this knife had was how sharp the blade was .
pass this up ,  it isn t even better than mega man num_extend
i have been trying to contact them for months with little to no response on these issues .
this stuff is very ,  very irritating and applied heavily it does not look natural or good .
i was hoping for a tougher toy that could stand up to her a little longer .
it did not work out and after num_num weeks i just tossed it .
i guess this is why they are just disposable razors ,  but i will never buy these again .
i did not find this to be very useful as the pieces are pretty stiff and not cut evenly .
if you have ever had even a decent cheap rice cooker before ,  you ll be shocked at this product .
both units failed i m just over a year .
if you re making money aka getting paid for a project ,  use something much more reliable .
have num_num parrots of different sizes ,  none have shown any interest even with peanuts inside .
i am a recreational rider and have not put more than num_num miles on them since .
this product is very overpriced and undersized ,  just like all proactiv products .
this unit was only used several times to add air to several tires .
my dog had this torn open in less than num_num minutes .
i d say that the only thing this has going for it are it s looks .
if you are looking for a cheap costume wig this will due otherwise just pay more for something better .
very frustrating ,  and it seems like we are not the only ones .
we should have heeded warnings from other reviewers .
after reading all the great reviews on amazon i was so excited to get these shoes .
i used to buy a bag of these like every couple of months for my two mini poodles .
this thing did nothing to help get better reception .
i live roughly num_num miles from a dc ,  but only num_num miles from a radio tower .
keep in mind this is at low volume ,  with almost everything disabled .
but linksys really should specify that this product simply wasn t designed to work well with the mac .
i really wanted to use this product so i just ignored that and tried it .
wish they would make a thicker book like they do with there phonics .
do not last and early failure makes this product a waste of num_extend
i took the entire cribs apart and using toothpicks and wood glue began to assemble it back together .
the flash is a problem with these cases ,  when taking pictures .
i don t know if this is just an issue with my particular iron or with this product in general .
i m very surprised that this phone is so slow ,  probably due to low hardware spec .
don t waste your money on this ,  your life will be much happier by just scooping the box yourself .
i quickly found a few problems with them .
if you order i would recommend not ordering from beauty shine as their stock may be really dated .
i was so looking forward to using this foundation ,  but i seem to be allergic to it .
i hope the num_extend will be much better than this ds that i wasted money on .
i have had the unit for over a year and can say it never functioned as a frother .
this is the num_extend charger i have ordered from amazon that didnt work and it will be my last .
which is a shame because most beta software is free ,  while this cost me num_num bucks .
i have been a user of the virgin mobile optimus v phone for the last few months .
i was not happy with the sound quality ,  and $ logitechs sound better and take less space .
i really wanted to like this toy and let my boys  imaginations run wild with it .
i first used this one time about num_num months ago .
when i first got this thermometer i thought i had gotten away with something .
i have num_num chihuahuas that i bought these for .
the first time i used this machine ,  as suggested by the instructions ,  i weighed the flour .
i tried this product based on another person s suggestion .
i really didnt expect these glasses to be high quality because they were very cheap .
considering how expensive mallomars are ,  i will not be buying them again .
sorry ,  plan toys ,  but this time we are going with a different brand .
the num_extend mah that it came with  and wanted to charge my phone faster .
even my feet ,  which have never been healed with lotions or other creams .
i was so hoping to like this litter box because of all its  glowing reviews .
i bought these looking for something that would dry quickly after a quick wash in the sink .
if i were only reviewing the comfort of these headphone i d give them num_num stars .
the design is also very weird and it is not easy to play with .
i cannot believe that someone allowed this game to be released .
i bought this with that in mind . however my cat does not find this appetizing .
really disappointed with the quality and alignment of this case .
it takes num_num days num_extend hours  to charge and only num_num hours to run it dead .
what s the point of using this ?  for that ill just wear a better moisturizer and be done with it .
there were only num_num pockets and the main compartment doesn t hold very much stuff in it .
the new one had the exact same problems . i am very disappointed in this product .
i would not justify this product to even have a star .
also ,  when i have the tank freshly filled with cold tap water ,  some vapor escapes from under the cap .
i have two of these units where you can hear the caller but they cant hear you .
purchased this because i thought it would work better than my cheap screen protectors .
i purchased this battery and received it about num_num weeks ago .
i like trying new things ,  but this was not a good option .
obviously ,  i have brand confidence but i m not happy with this cheap plastic product .
this holster is a nightmare to put together and is made of the cheapest possible materials .
the worst was testing the filter after num_num days . the filter itself contained a plethora of microscopic crawlies .
i have major buyer s remorse with this thing .
maybe i should have gotten a num_extend too big ,  i used the butler creek guide . o well .
you get what you pay for .  .  . in this case num_num weeks after you order it .
i highly do not recommend this case if you own a samsung galaxy num_extend
personally ,  i was over this game after about num_num minutes of game play .
however ,  the remote only works when standing right next to the car .
however ,  this stuff does not smell good on your face or anywhere else .
i really was very unhappy with this belt .
the first one that i bought this year ,  did not work out of the box .
this was horrible . i m used to cast iron ,  for sure .
its sound quality is worse than all the headphones that i have ever used  more than num_num at least  .
again ,  amazon took about num_num weeks to fulfil this order .
i can t say if it s nutritious or beneficial to kitties because they really don t like to eat it .
there s no easy way to not get your hands messy when you are done making the ice cream .
after constant dropouts for the past num_num months and no help from the  belkin bozo s  support  .
i really wanted to like this ,  but all it did was dry out my face .
this product became unreliable after only a year of use .
i should have read the reviews here on amazon .
it does absolutly nothing except get glue on the back of your phone .
i have num_num dogs ,  not one of them will pick this treat up and chew on it .
no instructions of any kind came with this item .
and it doesn t take much force for something to swipe them off  like a strong wind  .
i agree with the other customers who said it was too runny .
i was excited to buy this after reading all the amazing reviews ,  but unfortunately mine did not heat up .
i was hoping for a natural deodorant replacement that doesn t have aluminum in it; this one isn t it .
honestly i dont know how good the droid email integration num_extend
you end up looking like olive oil from popeye !  i gave them num_num stars because they were so comfy .
but like i said they don t work even when they do , stay on .
for what they charge ,  they should give the customer more solution or cut the price in half .
i am disapointted with panasonic because this product .
this is actually the worst thing i have ever bought on amazon .
bought this barbie case for my daughter and am disappointed with it .
i debated on whether or not to buy this cage for a long time .
i am currently on my third speck fitted case for the iphone num_extend
after spending too much time trying to install the device i went online seeking answers .
i received the charger num_num days later so can t complain about slow shipping .
not like i remembered as a kid ,  these didn t even stick very well .
apparently you have to clear the history just about daily to keep this from happening .
well ,  i experienced all the things that are wrong with this product .
this was not a good product and i don t recommend getting it .
i d rather have spent more money on something that works .
if this kind of  quality  is what i can expect from russell ,  then they ve lost me as a customer .
seems well made however it is pretty slow pumping num_extend oil at room temp .
i gave it a one star based on this ,  otherwise ,  it would have been a num_num star .
overall i like this game ,  but the graphics are not that much better on the num_extend
for the cost of this and a dremel i could have got a much better stock from other manufacturers .
the first thing that needs to be known about this controller is its awkward design .
the stylus creates marks on the screen protector and this screen protector is not self healing .
sadly these grates are made from cheap ,  nickel plated steel .
i also question that is says num_num things .
apparently ,  if you drop this car seat ,  it will probably crack after the first drop .
i have to send them back ,  and buy another pair .
it product would have been good but it leaked all over the other stuff that came with it .
once you put this on lets say a windshield it is pretty much stuck for good .
today i put it on carefully and never touched it and the whole line was gone within num_num hours .
he didn t know for sure ,  and he wasn t sure what to do if that didn t help .
i used this product as directed for about num_num weeks and i never saw any noticeable difference at all .
it doesn t hold these only num_num can of soup !  i am very unhappy with this product .
i have never seen such a poor performing vacuum before .
i don t think that s worth the price at all .
i have read where other people have had this issue as well .
i don t regret buying it but i will not buy it again .
i was disappointed with this coffee maker in that it would not heat the coffee sufficiently .
it s too small . buy two of these pants size num_extend
i have been using them for num_extend years and have never seen one fail .
this is a strange tasting tea; it smells stinky and taste like dried autumn leaves from the yard .
i wouldn t recommend it unless you like having your shoes drenched with sweat .
the game console stopped working after only having it num_num months .
this thing does not pick up hardly anything i am not sure its even working .
i bought this product because i was suffering from repetitive stress injuries from using a mouse .
i would think twice before using this serum if you have sensitive skin like me .
the instructions on this product don t mention that at all ,  they just say to refer to cake instructions .
so ,  when i stopped using this top coat ,  my manicure lasted twice as long .
i ordered num_num believing i would really like them .
plus ,  any cleanser that can t be used to remove eye makeup as well is a waste of money .
of course now that more than num_num days have elapsed i m stuck with it .
not only did this do nothing for me after num_num months  followed directions % but it stinks .
i replaced my old motorola modem with this one ,  hoping for an increase in speed .
i have very minor forehead wrinkles and this product does absolutely nothing for me .
run from products like this that are poisonous to your children .
certain places you cant apply too much pressure or you see at once ,  that its not the original part .
when we contacted the company ,  they suggested we buy the heavy duty swing next time .
i agree with all the other people who gave it a one star rating .
i cannot wear these panty liners with those panties because they really slide around in looser underwear .
i feel like this is too strong for my skin .
the posts are also short like others have mentioned .
i have never experienced any of these things with any other cleanser .
i will have to find a better option to get my crunch .
i bought this before i bought a battery pack with the initials rs .
this thing has not helped at all and i wish i would have gone with something else .
i had to pour it out .   would not recommend for traditional hot chocolate lovers .
this case doesn t fit the phone at all after i should have read the reviews before i bought it .
i would kick my own butt for buying this product in bulk .
its the only good thing about the product .
i have tried different sizes and have had the same problem with all .
it is not an easy screen protector to install at all .
i was just hoping he d have something that would keep him occupied when i was busy at something else .
i was conviced it would work from all the great reviews ,  but it didnt .
i bought this because the battery that i got with the phone has poor life .
i ended up eating something else with taste for the rest of my dinner because this was so bad .
but for some reason it doesn t hold up like it does in the picture .
we didn t have any problems with paint or anything like that .
the only thing that amazes me are the reviews giving this num_num stars .
also ,  my hair was no less or more frizzy than my old dryer so i sent it back .
although the units are convenient when they re working ,  they re very inconvenient if something goes wrong .
the sound quality was not as good as the last one either .
there is nothing i like about this product .
now at almost num_num months ,  he still cares nothing for the toy .
unfortunately ,  it just stopped working after several months .
very disappointed ,  i would definitely not recommend this !  .
i really think that i wasted my money when i bought this .
i used the jabra stereo headset with a now num_num years old pocket pc and it s again unlistenable .
it would have been nice to know this from the web site prior to purchasing .
restarted the phone several times and it would just turn itself off .
could be a bad transmitter or dead battery but not happy with he purchase .
i bought this for the celestron astromaster num_num which is only good for lunar observation .
there is no really good way to release the camera shutter or start video without wiggling the phone around .
only used it once because it made my skin itchy and i didn t see any noticeable results .
after using this attachment i still have to get out the manual can opener to finish opening the cans .
i couldn t find a  trug tub  anywhere ,  so i bought this new bucket called  tubtrugs  .
they snap onto the toy at the bottom and don t stay on very well anyway .
i would strongly discourage anyone from buying this product .
there is a reason this product is only $ because it s a very crappy product .
this case did not meet my expectations i used it ,  it cracked ,  and i trashed it .
but after reading the reviews i m leaning more towards the waffle maker itself .
also ,  it said that you can save an old deodorant container to fill with this .
if you like being frustrated and bored then this game is for you !  .
again ,  not what i expect from this company .
as many other reviews have stated ,  this toy lasted a few hours before it died .
i found this product to be totally inadequate for its purpose .
i do not recommend this fps ,  at least not for purchase at the current high price .
i don t really care for set backs and this has caused me to have a rather annoying one .
i have never played a good addams family guy even though i have tried over num_num of there games .
the switches and buttons are hard to activate ,  like other reviewers have pointed out .
the only reason why i am giving it num_num stars is because it broke after about one year .
on that note though ,  i would save that $ to make an investment in a better brush .
my papillon puppy could care less about these .
they were both very cheap in quality and could really only be worn as pictured in the photo .
i have owned this blender for num_num years and have always been frustrated with it .
i have had this camera for num_num years .
let me start by saying that this bark collar is terrible .
i applied coat after coat ,  and still it looked like nothing .
the individual tracks are so small and tight ,  that disconnecting them is very difficult .
we were all very disappointed with this toy ,  and it s getting returned .
quickly ,  here s a rundown of the biggest problems .  .  . that i saw  remember ,  i only played through about num_num num_extend
they are not really arch support for your feet so i would not recommend these .
nonetheless ,  this item does me no good when on a ftx .
families perhaps ?  i can t imagine a person who owns only one phone would ever use this device .
not sure where they get their high prices for a product that tastes this bad .
the power died in less than a week .
instantly ,  the stink in the kitchen was gone . what horrible material is this made from ?  .
this motorola charger will charge your phone eventually ,  but really really slowly .
no other knife i have ever seen has this lock .
very disappointed !  usually little people toys are good quality for the money .
i bought this grinder based on all the positive reviews . there is a serious problem with the design though .
i cannot give it a good recommendation based on my problems with it .
they might have different colors but without taking them all apart and organizing them maybe not .
they could have at least used something other than a sticky glue for the construction .
if this review were based on the first week ,  it would have gotten num_num stars .
it doesn t feel like i can rinse it all out ,  and my hair feels coated and not well moisturized .
these ice packs are too wide to wear around my neck .
based on the reviews ,  i assume this is another gerber made in china ,  japan ,  or taiwan .
i have used for about num_num months since i had bought a package but will not repurchase .
it certainly wasn t any different than anything else i ve used .
i personally believe this is a useless and cheap product .
i have paid less for hartz pads with better results .
after listening to these earphones for an hour ,  i decided that the sound quality was unacceptably poor .
i took this one time ,  and became so sleepy i could not drive home comfortably .
i ordered this kit for my girlfriend ,  because she doesn t know her blood type  at num_num years old  .
i get about three months juice before its time to replace the batteries .
after reading lots of labels ,  in theory this seemed to be just what we were looking for .
i bought num_num of these things about a year ago with the intention of learning to use them .
i would not recommend this product to anybody .
i d hate to think what it would have been like without the conditioner .
for such an expensive trackball ,  i was really hoping this would have been a lot better .
i purchased this in order to connect num_num pcs to one monitor ,  mouse ,  and keyboard .
and i could not see anything that it did so i will not purchase this again .
thought the expresso in this would make it a stronger flavor ,  but it did not .
the leg that holds the pin is made up of two plastic halfs and nothing holds them together .
this is the first zelda game i ve ever played where rupees feel more like an afterthought .
hate :  ugh ,  this grill makes a huge mess when cooking meats .
the pump started out being fairly quiet with very little vibration .
this feels like i m misting plain water on my hair .
i have to find something that works because my pets are miserable and the house has fleas now too .
if you want something that works and tells time choose something else .
if you turn them off ,  you can hardly tell the difference from when they are on .
as other reviewers have said ,  this slipper is not true to stated size .
i contacted the seller and was told they will ship me a new case .
i bought these for a very different application ,  so i will not return them .
at least the first ii double dragons showed something that made you feel like you had passed the game .
i have been having bad luck with certain casio watches .
i tried them on three different walls in different rooms and same result .
this phone cover worked for about num_num months ,  then began loosening up around the phone .
if i had written this review last month i might have given it three stars .
after about num_num months ,  the af stopped working entirely .
i use the other ones that just float in the tank .
the soundtrack is weak ,  repeats a lot ,  and normally does not fit the zones very well .
i ve been giving these to my dog for num_num months straight .
but this product is sorely misrepresented ! first ,  it says it s quiet .
lasted for about num_num weeks then swr went all over the place .
this is ,  in part ,  because this is not a noise canceling headset  which i knew before i bought it  .
form will never replace function regardless of how many times they try .
i bought this as a replacement bc it has a num_num capacity so i could charge my future num_extend
may hair did not feel clean at all after using this stuff .
puppy ate the bottom front ,  but that was no one s fault but my own . design :  num_num stars .
i am a fan of the otterbox brand and have used several but this one is the worst yet .
okay this was nothing like the num_num star review .
i would not order these again due to poor quality !  .
i would not recommend this product at any price .
my wife was using this shampoo in the hope that it would help in a couple areas .
the only thing that is good about this headset is the fit .
a real disappointing game that didn t have to be .
this is by far the worst game i have ever played on any system .
looks like i might have to spring for the more expensive apple headphones with mic ,  anyway .
i paid the same amount for this new bag as the ones i purchased in num_extend
i treyd it my wife tried it and it does not work .
i m very disappointed and will not be purchasing any more products from this company .
they already have your money and they don t care .
i tried num_num of this lens and all of them had a bit of back focusing issue .
i really feel it was a waste of money .
plus the three boxes of replacement heads that i had for this product did not fit it .
the game is a cheap ,  flimsy ,  irritating ,  pale copy of the one i remember from years ago .
i think she would have had fun with this toy ,  if the stupid thing would turn off .
if you don t know what size it is ,  you don t know if it will fit where you need it .
i ordered these leggings and in about a week they were already ripped .
so i bought the size that i have always worn and they didn t fit me .
there isn t a whole lot of room inside either .
first rechargeable batteries that i have ever had a problem with .
at about $ per bar for usual price ,  they re not worth it .
i m not sure why this litter has so many positive reviews .
in fact it must have reached in several times in order to get all the small pieces of bait .
i haven t been this disappointed in a game for a long time .
i ve been very careful with this pan ,  using only wood or plastic utensils and washing by hand only .
when i received this product i was very disappointed with it .
i was very disappointed with this purchase because the product does not fit well .
i bought this because i hate equal and splena and was trying to wean myself off of sugar .
the replacement back supplied with this product does not fit the unit .
i haven t noticed any difference after using it for num_num months .
i never had a problem like this with my infuse or my samsung num_extend my current num_extend
my cat was not happy !  we have a larger cat and this is way to small for him .
they stood still really well ,  but the slightest head turn resulted in a ruined shot .
to say the least i have used it several times and it is a pure waste of money .
but they have no arch support ,  the soles are flat and very uncomfortable to walk in .
can t understand why you would send out something like this knowing young children would be doing these .
i m disappointed because i really was looking forward to getting this sub .
i ve been playing guitar for over num_num years ,  and these tortex picks are nearly the worst i v ever used .
i had one of these for about num_num months .
the hair did not even clump to make it easy to pick up .
after using this awhile ,  it seemed to give me a lot of problems .
it doesn t seem designed to work well with the littermaid machine .
it looks like a skunk .  .  .  . or a persons hair that has a white birth mark streak running through it .
these dogs run maybe num_num seconds giving a possible num_num supposed cleanings before rewind .
there are also glitches such as your bullets passing right through an enemy while he takes you out .
this is by no means a professional quality product .
i do not see that lasting for a long time .
there are four versions of a bumper here !  no way to know which you are getting .
this bowl has some great features ,  but they are worthless since the edges rust in less then two weeks .
i m used to cheap tea  by the way ,  cheap tea isn t low quality  ,  but this one s awful .
i recently tried instead after seeing a positive review for it in fashion magazine .
there are better alternatives that arent so gutwrenching .
i have an epiphone les paul and this stand does not hold it at all .
for the most part ,  i am comparing this to official motorola car dock for my droid num_extend
but i won t own it long enough to see if it dies an early death ,  like everyone else says .
then i looked around the options to see if there is anything else to do ,  there was none .
kind of a dirty pearl color .  .  . i need to find a color to use with it .  .  .  . would definitely not buy again .
i hate this headset ,  but after num_num bucks i refuse just to throw them away .
i wanted a break from making things from scratch ,  but this just was not worth it .
i was very disappointed because i knew it would have been so warm for winter .
much like another reviewer i read .  .  . i wanted to like this game .
not sure what harm ,  if anything ,  that i did to my eyes ,  but i have stopped using this .
this is the biggest piece of junk i have ever used .
pretty cheap but i only got less than a week .
at this point ,  i have had to replace both of these in less than num_num months .
they have never been over inflated just the opposite .
not sure if its a defect or if this product has problems .
definitely don t recommend this for folks with gas stoves  and why doesn t the manf .
flavor is ok but i am not buying this product again .
i was hoping with noise assassin that it would sound better than me talking into the phone itself .
this thing would probably only last num_num weeks if you re did yr nails every day .
this item arrived cracked and would not snap on to the phone and stay .
asin :  num_extend unfortunately ,  if amazon took cat food back ,  these would have been on their way .
i used this for num_num months and saw absolutely no results .
well that doesn t help at all ,  so now it sits around like every other stuffed animal .
at first it was really watery and progressively became more concentrated even though i shook it several times .
i purchased this for my husband because he was bed ridden .
this didn t make me very happy with them or their product .
contrary to what some reviewers have stated ,  this magnifying glass is not good for reading .
bottom line ,  it took num_num weeks and $ to receive and return a product that did not fit .
they told me to hold onto the other and see if it works or the same problems is here .
they re not even necessarily any stiffer ,  but they just feel kinda like sandpaper on your face .
i have been using this lens for about num_num month .
some are better then others ,  but overall they mostly taste like they have been chemically treated .
this case always made my phone look and feel dirty .
the little rocker thing you adjust with your fingers to change focus seems pretty cheapo and fragile .
only buy this if you are going to do less than num_num lb workout .
this is seriously the worst game ever made .
i like mild soups ,  but the lack of quality ingredients at this price really makes me pause .
there are only two pieces and the large ,  num_num quart top hard plastic lid is the bowl .
the new one needs num_extend no problems in over num_num years other than it has developed a humming sound .
so i thought this would be a breeze . my goal was to free up my proxy server for other uses .
don t even bother to think about this product .
this headphone even sits on the stand that comes with it when not in use .
this card does not work in most of our computers .
i think i hurt my skin after using this .
i bought this as a surprise for my kids and it just did not work .
this game isn t worth more than num_num dolors ,  but that is only my opinion .
i really do not understand where the num_num star ratings are coming from on this product .
i do not have sensitive skin at all but this product burned my face so badly .
this is a very faulty small vacuum and i would not recommend it for use on anything .
in fact they may have been a little more  hyper  . avoid this product ,  save your money .
i tried both lenses at the same time ,  and ended up sending the canon back .
i have a dell dimension num_extend ghz machine with a geforce num_extend video card .
would not purchase again unless they make some big changes .
i purchased this lesson with money ,  time and frustration .
i have been using alterna caviar antiaging volume shampoo with seasilk for years .
it contains some caffeine that i didn t feel ,  but that is probably because i drink coffee every morning .
i figured it s approaching on num_num years so it must be much better now right ?  wrong .
don t buy them ,  choose another brand or pay a little more for some that you can use .
well ,  i dissected the cable to find very low quality materials .
this was the first time in my num_num years of amazon shopping that i had to return an item .
there are many ,  many options which you have no access to through the installation cd .
this stuff is greasy and has made absolutely no change to my skin with regular use .
it came apart the first time i used it .
we only used this blender to make drinks .
i expected this to be waterproof and a lot warmer ,  so i have been very disappointed in it .
i dropped my phone the first day i got the case and a huge chunk of plastic came off .
when it s full ,  the enemy becomes staggered and takes much more damage than before .
in this case digital is not an improvement and i will be staying with the old reliable metal thermometer .
i have used it for the past num_num months and i am not satisfied with it .
i returned this product i did further testing ,  i would not recommend it to anyone .
i bought this about num_num months ago and it was falling apart within a few months of normal use .
i would only recommend buying this in the store to ensure it arrived undamaged .
both units have been rendered useless for their intended purpose .
i have put several of these things on in the past so i am not a newbie .
after using this french press ,  it is a joke .
i just really don t like how these fit or work .
there are plenty of better ones on the market .
i used them for two months and they had no effect at all .
also the opening is very narrow which makes it hard to pour liquids in without spilling .
i had this game for about a week ,  and already i got bored .
this seems like a bad idea if you like french press pot coffee .
i will admit that this is my first experience with devil s claw but it was also my last .
given the generally positive reviews on this brand ,  i never thought i could be so disappointed .
it s my perception that the ugly sweater would be a better gift than this basket .
indiglo on the second one died after num_num months .
the problem with all of these great reviews is that they were probably written soon after purchasing this remote .
i would wait and purchase this when my dog is an adult and no longer teething .
this why used three times in three years and then .
i tried other cards and they worked in the phone .
not only that but is very cheap looking so i just threw it away .
needless to say ,  i am not a happy camper with this amazon purchase !  .
i find myself using a butcher knife to cut my pizza instead as it s normally simpler .
this is true; they do push systems of num_num or so ,  but this is num_extend
this product does not smell smoky at all .
i have purchased and used many similar products with much better results .
if this fit very snugly ,  i would have rated it num_num stars .
i threw up a little in my mouth when i realized this did not work . a waste of $ dollars .
this is some of the worst i have seen .
fyi ,  they have just come out with a  weather guard  for this model .
the biggest thing i hate about this toy is that it sings this little song .
i have very curly ,  kinky ,  frizzy hair and this wasn t for me .
save yourself time and money and do not buy this item until they upgrade the plastic outer case .
there was some problem with quality control on this item .
num_num years ago this game would have knocked my socks off .
i knew i should have bought the hk soundsticks instead !  this is what i get for buying this pos .
the seals always fall off especially the long thin ring that goes around the circle lid .
i must say i am not very happy with these boots at all .
okay ,  despite the bad reviews mixed in ,  i wanted to give this stuff a shot .
i got this knife for around $ and would not purchase one ,  again .
fresh batteries have a num_num year expiration date .
the  fixed  version had a grey background instead ,  and took care of that one problem .
it s time that companies like this taking advantage of heedless customers with shoddy merchandise be stopped .
this thing for the adults and the kids is like a painful nightmare .
i would not buy this lens if i have a num_extend because it will not work with auto focus .
the first filter that i opened and fitted was leaking because there was not a good fit .
this case was extremely hard to get off and i would not recommend .
i thought that they were dying and i think they were .
it arrived without the two stainless steel nuts that hold the vertical lid holder to the bottom piece .
i hve bought this one as a back up to an hx num_num i lost and it was horrible .
its very dull and doesn t have much taste at all .
this may be the worst electronic product i ve ever purchased .
certainly ,  neither one of my children  now num_num and num_extend would play with this toy .
this is the last thing i will say about the ground levels .
they used to be one of the best and now i will not purchase this item again .
after a couple of days ,  the wan link light just went out for no reason .
it got num_num stars because they took it back  but still lost all on shipping  .
every couple of months ,  the unit will stop working without rebooting .
there just wasn t anything subtle or nuanced about these .
the only other brand of acetly l carnatine  alcar  that i have tried is jarrows .
wasn t sure what to expect and was not impressed with the quality of the boots when i got them .
i have been using this mitt for a few months now .
this product gives my dog diarrhea so i would not recommend this product .
i have never had this experience with krupps product .
i thought since it was the same company that makes these they d be very similar .
from a distance the box looks okay ,  but close up ,  it looks cheap and gaudy .
after num_num months of zero improvement ,  we applied again and scrubbed with a brush ,   but did not rinse  .
i will not be purchasing these again anytime soon .
this is the worst uv filter i have ever used .
i had it plugged in using this device for num_num hours and it still was not fully charged .
even my num_num year old grandson said it was bad compared to the better stevia .
however ,  these are very heavy items and not very sturdy at all ,  it turns out .
you can barely customize them ,  and it isn t fun doing that .
however it did have a loud aroma that did not smell so pleasant .
although the idea of it is great ,  the quality of construction is very poor .
this is too bad because the sound quality is very good for the price .
i ordered this vitamin e because it was supposed to have been a blend .
the main problem with the game is that it s very unresponsive .
i tried to avoid that problem by getting a half size larger due to my wide feet .
some how after about a month it quit working at all .
the covers are ok for the price ,  but not sure they will last too long .
i have been using it for num_num months now as an addition .
it s a shame because this seems really cute and my toddler was interested in it .
the manual num_extend pages  on the cd doesn t tell you everything you need to know about navigating the features .
i can t even believe that amazon is carrying this item .
but for now i wouldn t recommend this product to anyone because amazon is misrepresenting the product .
doesn t worth the money and i don t recommend buying it .
i have been using this for over a month and it is not a good moisturizer .
after another num_num minutes on hold ,  they told me they d escalate my call .
tastes like paper mache !  sorry that i ordered a case .
this toaster does not lift the bread out when it  pops  .
after a couple of months of use ,  battery wont charge what a waste of money .
our granite is permanently darkened due to this piece of crap soap dispenser .
my mom gave this to my son  almost num_extend for christmas .
also ,  i could smell my self within num_num hours .
i cannot imagine anything needing fast with this speeed control that it has .
my dogs do not like this toothpaste ,  i would definitely not order this product again .
tried it several different times then i just ended up throwing it out .
just because the controller shakes in your hands doesn t mean you feel like part of the game .
i have owned this toy for num_num hours and this is just not what i was expecting at all .
i would maybe try it again for the tac but in a different color .
i would never recommend this poc to anyone .
i m a little disappointed with the product description .
i ll take a guess and say we have used this machine num_num times or so .
i also had to get a bridge to extend the range because it couldn t go through walls very well .
tried this  unfortunately ,  paid more at a local store  ,  and it s no better .
we have other bath toys with suction cups that work well ,  these do not .
first time my cat tried to play with it  in seconds  ,  it fell down on top of my cat .
i ve been using plain old glide for many years .
i have the feeling that this outsourced tech support has no expertise with this product .
not a reliable machine for the daily or serious coffee drinker .
the weight of this one was working my arm and it was very tiring .
what you d expect ,  coupled with very little peanut butter flavor .
after using it for a couple of months i went to put it on and it was completely dead .
this popper produces the most dry popcorn i have ever eaten .
this gun is a good idea but it is executed poorly .
i would pay one buck for something like this because it reminds me of a dollar store item .
in few days of usage ,  the device started to have problems with the controlls .
i wish they made these with a harder rubber .
i also do not like the blood pressure monitor ,  because the cuff also smells .
will shut itself off after num_num minutes if no activity .
while others may have similar thought s on this title .
i have just ordered another cable from amazon to use .
i was prepared to like it; at num_num calories i really wanted to like it .
i tried this hair lotion out but it was just awful .
don t buy !  i am not happy with this product .
i wish they would have listed that on the package .
my bad ! i would never give this to my dog after reading the ingredients .
too bad ,  because these have great potential . while my listeners could hear me ,  overall they said the quality was poor .
not happy with this companies very poor quality .
i am on my num_extend handle in num_num years with the kuhn rikon .
they don t seem to be weighted as other reviewers have described .
however ,  i m very disappointed with the quality of this tea .
my husband has been using these razors for years .
i had to return it  even though they are cheap  just to make a point .
i just am not impressed at all with this product .
the toys that it comes with are not very entertaining .
it going to make retrieval of supplies even more difficult .
i would avoid this stylus unless you want one that is disposable .
overall ,  there are better options and i wish i had gone with one of the other options instead .
each application was more excruciating than the last .
do not waste your time and money on this thing .
this looks like a job for .  .  . a hammer to smash the cartridge with . graphics :  bad ,  even for its time .
and don t waste your time with tech armor customer service either .
i like other zensah products but this one did not work at all .
i tried this brand but it really is not a good substitute . who knew ?  .
the older version is way better .  .  . this is cheap and not worth the money .
i ve used it maybe num_num times and during those times it functioned .
that is not economical and would probably make you use more of the product than what is recommended .
i found it intolerable to even swallow . but this is just my humble opinion .
i purchased num_num of these for my hiking backpack ,  to use as fire starters .
i have tried similar wall and panasonic ear and nose trimmers ,  and this is the worst of the three .
much thinner than other sets i have purchased .
if you re looking for a basic cyclocomputer ,  i think there are better choices out there .
used this for all of about num_num minutes .
i agree with the other reviews to buy a size larger . they have an awkward cut to them .
i have only had this a few months and the numbers are fading .
its also about the same size as an iphone num_extend and same basic look from across the room .
i wished this would have worked ,  need the extra battery life .
what i got was a fairly plain drink without much taste .
would not recommend this product ,  but the seller shipped the items promptly and received early .
i bought the num_extend about num_num months ago .
this never happened with the vga cable that came with the monitor .
i expected them to be the same quality as my old  goody  rollers .
i have never smelled a worse smell in my life than this product .
read all feedback before ordering this item or from this company .
it just looks that bad ! this is probalby the worst collector s edition of any game i have ever seen .
i guess that amazon can t keep up with all of their num_extend party providers .
i d give this mouse num_num stars if it weren t for all the sneaky stuff on your driver disk .
the coloring and reflectiveness has worn off quite a bit after about num_num months .
i just ditched it after that .  .  . didn t want to deal with the hassle of returning it .
i would encourage you to look elsewhere for a pink case .
it is very weak that is all . dont waste your money .
in this product s defense ,  it could be pointed out that many num_extend players have a limited lifetime  e . g .
used it only for about num_num times and died .
i have tried several times to put this thing together .
this did not help the way the reviews said it would .
so just wait for the day a good godzilla game comes out because this one is just bad .
big deal ,  it doesn t work either . it will not work with voip phone systems ,  at all .
same problem as the last one . i gave this two stars because i was so happy with the first machine .
in a nutshell ,  not good battery life for the price .
but man ,  its barely breathable ,  it s small when compared to other brands of similar type and size .
the only problem with this headset is that people you are talking to will have trouble hearing you .
my wife said it looks like controlling ants .
received this product in which many of the nail tips were broken .
depending on your charger ,  you may have to snap off the bottom part to charge your phone .
when i saw this was for num_num people i thought it would do .
i cannot say how this product actually works in the long run ,  because i only used it one night .
they also have a sorta ugly fuzzy heathered look to them .
i was about to purchase this product until i read the proposition for the state of california residents warning .
need to give them another try though but make the footfall feel very hard and uncomfortable .
their packing is terrible and everything has arrived broken .
this thing did absolutely nothing on my standard poodle and his pulling issues .
way too many positive reviews for such a crappy game .
the case doesnt offer much protection to my phone .
the first time i used this product ,  i saw no change .
i have been using this cream religious but no results so far .
it could have been great ,  but is disappointment .
i refuse to support any company that does ,  and does not label their products as such .
i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else .
i don t plan on buying this product again .
i have a small infestation of german cockroaches and i was really hoping this product is the answer .
i have a similiar one  not this brand that i ve had for over num_num yrs .
back in the gameboy era this might have been a good title ,  but today it s just can t keep up .
but that s compared to previous generation num_extend cells ,  which has a lifespan of only num_num cycles .
i have now had this product for num_num months .
used this on num_num different googles same results .
we think they look more like foxes or rats ,  or perhaps an unpleasant hybrid of the two .
so when i saw this for a lesser price i thought i would try it .
that being said the outside part showed up with shield knocked off .
when i received this item i expected the battery that came with it to work .
this is not a real deal just a fake number .
forget about key combos because they wouldn t really matter .
really was hoping this knife would have worked out ,  but the tang is not secured correctly in the handle; .
if you re looking for a  once a week ,  if even that  styling product ,  this would probably work .
if used in the shower it molds very quickly  even when cleaned up after each num_extend
this product is not really useful with gigia products as they say .
unfortunately it didn t last very long with my dogs .
even though the price of this product is less ,  the quality is also very bad .
stick to the classic kong squeaker tennis balls and your money will be better spent .
i even read the german and spanish instructions to make sure there wasn t a misprint .
i have tried other things that have worked and i stopped those to give this one a try .
even the slightest touch from a finger would make it slide down .
this is the worse model water jet i have ever owned .
if you hate pikachu this will increase your hatred ten fold at least .
this is the first tiffen filter i have purchased in decades and it is a huge disappointment .
this just was not right . so i just got my third one today ,  this time from amazon . com .
if you turn the case upside down the phone will slide right out ,  onto the floor .
i definitely would not recommend any of the total effects brands .
this wasn t what i thought it was ,  and nowit s too late to return .
not impressed considering the quality of products i wouild expect from antec .
the only thing that gets rid of it is flagyl and diflucan or miconazole .
this thing fell apart within num_num day of me receiving it .
i went back to the vitamins i have been using for yers which is vermont natural .
i was very disappointed when i received this watch .
the battery doesn t last a day even with minimal usage .
this product did nothing to help grow my nails .
they all come with the same poison ,  so there s no difference there .
i used it about num_num times so far and nothing has improved .
my only consolation is that i purchased this toy on sale for only $
it arrived broken ,  and it really was not packaged well .
no web strip down the front ,  which makes it less sturdy and less comfy .
i have ran into more then a few glitches with this type of combat system .
the seal comes apart very easily and is not waterproof at all .
i was using the headset with a samsung galaxy sii skyrocket  android  .
it physically hurts your wrist and fingers if you play a stylus heavy game for more than num_num minutes .
also ,  when i purchased this ,  there was a rebate available from tamron .
i didn t really notice any change while taking this product .
poor quality optics but that s pretty much what i expected for the price .
i would only recommend trying this product if you absolutely can t run a wired ir extender .
the plastic that the case is made from is also very brittle .
to close you have to press on the sides ,  that could have come in contact with urine or feces .
i like dark chocolate that is low in sugar ,  but this didn t have that natural goodness .
i purchased this jambu women s blossom flat in num_extend and it is too small .
just about everything they could do wrong .  .  . they did wrong .
it s short ,  only about num_num inches so it does not go around your neck or anywhere .
i have found this one difficult to work with .
i frankly am surprised that it s this bad given how many reviews are overly positive .
i really wanted to like these ,  but unfortunately ,  can t stand the taste of the cheese sauce .
but this one just isn t worth the money if you want it for more than just a novelty toy .
other than that they work fine ,  they have the nut ,  washer and cap included  no knob  .
is a very poor battery it worked just for num_num days then it smelled burned and never worked again .
it would also really help if directions came with the product . sorry but i would not recommend this product .
this was very distracting and pretty much ruined any picture .
the last one lasted over num_num years before it started making noise .
so i am not able to recommend this product .
i am not impressed with the results from taking this .
i personally don t like them a whole lot ,  but your mileage may vary .
this is the worst stylus i have ever bought !  it worked for awhile after it stopped working .
i purchased num_extend items this year alone ,  and this was only time i have given num_num stars .
this is not worth the money you spend for it .
it needs to be able to plug in or at least have a better battery life .
i have to reboot my laptop every time it hibernates to use the wireless .
it worked ok for num_num weeks ,  then it fell off .
i haven t been crazy about any of them ,  but his one i actually didn t like at all .
i only want this because my computer doesn t like me and never lets me play my games .
i have been waiting for this game to be released for two years .
big mistake !  i should ve listened to the recent negative reviews posted here . the first pack of zico was sour .
i used it num_num times ,  from a friend s stock .
there were only two things that i didn t like .
it stopped working after only about num_num days .
i was looking forward to getting this product . when i opened the first can and tasted the first olive .
i believe the habitat s design could be better improved upon .
i currently have this phone and i hate it .
after reading many glowing reports about astaxanthin ,  i was excited to start using it .
i guess i should have take a closer look at the size .
it is far and away the worse i have ever used .
but the bottom line is that this is not doing a good job cleaning .
this is the worst game on wii that i have played .
but the first time i order this online and breakage is the result ?   esp .
for those that are concerned about eating processed foods ,  rolled grains have been processed less than flaked ones .
there s nothing  wrong  with this product ,  but i ll tell ya .  .  . it s small ,  too small for most uses .
bioware should never have released a game that works only on certain computers ?  .
the shoe rubbed a blister because they were so tight .
the plastic casing is really cheap and the mirror quality is less than good .
that was not the case ,  the num_extend seems very ,  light ,  in fact to light .
however this may have been time related ,  during off peak hours .
well ,  this decaf was soooo bad that several people actually commented that it was the worst they d ever had .
i have no problem with spending $ for a mascara so this is not a $ issue .
but the vendor will claim they have never received it .
i was really excited to order these pistachios ,  but with that comes disappointment .
i d pick something else if i knew this game wasn t very good .
my daughter has asthma ,  so i was really hopeful that this would work .
they sounded good enough ,  but that was only when i manually held them close to my ears .
after using this item my machete may be slightly less dull ,  but it is far from sharp .
it looks more like swimwear than under garment .
this game will never touch my num_extend again .
inexcusable design flaw in a razor this price . don t get me wrong .
i was not impressed with this product at all .
the picture is % wrong that is not the kind of plug it comes with .
this product is very weak and watery in comparison .
i read the directions in about num_num minutes ,  and was up and running in no time .
btw there were no other changes to their diet other than this product which concerns me .
had to return this item ,  will not work will with element cases that my family uses on iphones .
i would not purchase this product off of the internet .
i am very disappointed with the product and would return it if it was possible .
at first i thought that i may have gotten started with feeding them too late .
for me that wasn t the case and i would not buy this again .
i found that when you fill these racks ,  they bow out and are very flimsy .
i used it consistently for several weeks before giving up .
i don t hold a grudge towards this seller . i ll try them again .
not at all impressed with this tool kit .
there is nothing wrong with the product itself ,  but i wouldn t buy this again .
but unfortunately ,  all three that i purchased leaked .
this product has never really delivered what i expected .
still has bugs from launch day that have never been fixed along with a host of others .
at this rate i will only get about num_num uses for the price this makes it extremely expensive .
they were very dry and the pain was unbearable so she had to visit the doctor .
this antenna comes with a coaxial cable that is very flimsy and hard to attach to the tv .
i would not recommend this cage to anyone .
i did everything correct ,  but it broke . i would not recommend it .
the sound is simply too poor to make this suitable for any sort of serious music listening .
i know this game is older than many  published num_num years ago  ,  and i bought it cheap .
this is the second stylus i ve tried that was like this .
i don t know why this very bland product is getting rave reviews .
i have tried to take this at different times and num_num tablet num_extend mg  doesn t seem to be enough .
i thought this product would have more natural ingredients so it wasn t a good buy for me .
i have to agree with the reviewers who said this product was not a strong hold spray .
i also think the image is awful and i have a pretty good computer system .
bought this for my num_num year old as kind of a filler christmas gift .
this product costs almost twice as much as the others so i subtracted a star for that .
this is another product with a misleading illustration .
thinking about buying the num_extend instead and trying that .
i ll leave it in place a few more days ,  but i have little hope she ll bother with it .
i would spend money on getting a ukulele  what i ended up doing  instead of wasting it on this .
the company and amazon have great customer service but the product is flawed .
i would not have purchased this if i had known that i would receive a cheap generic substitute instead .
a few is  acceptable  but more than num_num is pretty bad in my opinion .
i purchased this product and it didn t work ,  sent it back to amazon to get replaced .
they have no solid plastic or rubber components for the most part and are basically all fabric .
this holster is designed for a num_num with a very narrow trigger guard .
this never happens with all the other brands i have used .
i was very disapointed with this product and returned it immediatly the same day as receiving it .
this thing will suck dirt up from china .
in the end they were no better than the cheapo inserts from the grocery store .
i ended up destroying this handle because the existing screws were in so tight .
complete utter junk !  with all the other things out there i should have never purchased this .
my num_num year old lab ripped this ball in less than num_num hour .
the item was very poorly made that it is very fragile and as such breaks very easily .
i have been using van ness cat litter scoops for years .
i used to be so much in love with jean nate when i was a teenager .
i read the other reviewers who had similar problems before i bought this .
they are very cheap and do not feel like they would last long .
i would purchase another item from them ,  but not this one . just my two cents .
i had a number of problems with this device .
well trust ,  me this is not worth wasting your money on .
and dead skin is even easier to peel off than blackhead ,  but this thing can t even take it out .
my face still feels like it needs to be washed again right after using this cleanser .
my num_extend bricked itself today after num_num months .
i bought this to deal with that one irritating problem which comes with menopause .  .  . uh .
the guitar controller that came with this game is a piece of junk .
it is also used for malaria and other diseases caused by parasites .
i really wanted to love this eye gel ,  but there is nothing  soothing  about it .
in the meantime ,  i would not trust their products .
all in all ,  i was really disappointed about this product and won t be repurchasing .
well if you have blue eyes you better look for something else .
when i received this it was broken in very small pieces .
but i should have just bought a remote because the game that comes with it is not very good .
and it seems that it makes your hands too  oily  or  greasy  after applying it .
i have little fingers and these stupid little plastic finger things fall off .
and it tasted much more like sardine than salmon .
i will be unable to prove this because i will be unable to use the product .
i don t have anything good or bad to say about the product .
he had already torn open the first squirrel within num_num minutes of play .
i see that many of the problems i experienced have been documented by others here .
perhaps i should stick to the $ units that last for years .
i was excited to see this on the amazon vine ,  as i have wanted one for a long time .
very disappointed in the quality of these cases .
i am very disappointed with this product because i see nothing great .
i guess going around and around in the same area for about num_num minutes will do that .
i bought this product from another vendor on amazon about num_num years ago .
i was running low on my good deep conditioner so i decided to give this another try .
i don t like this as well as my last timer ,  but could not find that one .
if it is cloudy outside that day forget about even on low power you cant see anything .
it doesn t seem to clean my scalp as well as it once did .
i will be getting a merkur and wont be using these wilkinson sword blades .
this heat pad was fine while it lasted ,  but it didn t last long .
either way ,  i m not convinced these will stand the test of time .
you know ,  i have to say i wasn t impressed much by this stuff .
i did not throw it away cause maybe somebody could fix it but other than that its bad .
this company used to have a better product line with their containers as well .
once again i should have listened to what others were saying about this product .
when i ordered this eyeshadow ,  it came broken in the mail with a hole in the top .
even though i gave it only num_num stars it doesn t mean it won t work for you .
i just got bored with it and lost interest . tom clancy s splinter cell :  chaos theorywas much better . the seller was phife .
as someone who loves caesar dressing this didn t stand up to other brands i have tried .
i could never get it to stay connected to the network for more than num_num hours .
this this is % cheap plastic and i wouldn t recommend it to anyone .
both roasts are slightly unevenly roasted ,  the italian espresso more so than the super dark .
i have num_num of these num_extend and a num_num automatic and a num_num with battery .
i should have known better . hooked this thing up ,  and got no noticeable increase in volume for me .
this pole bent the first time i used it .
other than that though i did not have any staining of the skin ,  burning when applying etc .
other problems i had with it :  num_extend it wouldn t remember the sound settings that took forever to change .
this is the absolute worst bratz doll i have ever recived ,  ever .
this particular one is just not as good as the other toys i have purchased .
they had me uninstall about num_num programs they said would keep their product from running right .
as a guy you will have to mask this with some other scent .
i don t think it s just been the color though ,  i think the entire product changed .
after about num_num pushups ,  you ll notice the padding on these just don t cushion well .
the wheels are cheap so it does not pull well .
first of all ,  the bottle is way smaller than i expected it to be .
seriously ,  don t waste more than like $ or num_num on this game .
i really wanted this to work but it never charged my phone for more than num_num minutes .
yes ,  even i ran into this problem right away .
i purchased this second battery from amazon because its the same in my new galaxy num_extend
after about num_num months my battery started to decline .
this product should be used with caution if your hair is not dry or damaged .
i saw no results at all with this product .
these will make you think there is something wrong with your equipment .
my wife used this product one time and declared that she hated it and would neve use it again .
i agree with the other reveiwer ,  they are thin ,  small ,  and cheap .
i was hoping this could replace the xanex i have been taking for num_num years .
i was very upset and will not purchase again .
i would not recommend this item if you need firmness .
they look blocky and the font is bad . the sound has really not improved .
i do not know what i do not understand about buying pants but these fit so weird .
i got this in the spray bottle and it works just as poorly .
the one feeder that we have had just doesn t hold enough and a royal pain to clean .
i know several friends that have used both products and not one saw any improvement .
but even when they are fitted ,  they still tend to fall out .
after reading other reviews here ,  i guess it s a common problem with this unit .
maybe i just got one from a bad batch ,  but this product didn t work right out of the box .
within my first day of using this product i took num_num pills .
i have tried many different positions and apertures with no better results .
i so wanted to like this product ,  but it just did not agree with my hair type .
does not hold up well to large cup setting .
and if it did ,  just go to your doctor and get a blood test done . so ,  overall ,  horrible experience .
one major flaw is that this particular style is very slippery on the bottom .
i m not sure where all these great reviews came from .
if they were offered in tall ,  i know my review would change to num_num stars .
i think this stuff would be much better suited as a dog treat for a small breed .
the problem is that some of them didn t snap together very tightly and come apart very easily .
both started to die around the same time ,  about a year after we bought them .
this didn t help me sleep better or with anythign else that i can tell .
how can you discontinue the filter for a product like this ?  i have num_num of these air cleaners .
i have had one of these  monster  transmitters for about num_num months .
the holes are on the wrong side and do not let speakers work or charge phone .
i do not think this is good for a little one s developing mind .
there were some green flakes and maybe num_num tiny dried tofu cubes .
i give it num_num stars because it is awkward for a lefty to use .
if you are looking for a good sports bra ,  i would definitely not recommend this one .
this is a num_num star product that gets one star for irresponsible marketing .
these pants are much smaller than the pants we have purchased in the past .
since we like to refrigerate coffee to make iced coffee beverages ,  this obviously isn t a good thing .
not sure what idiot manufactured the casing ,  but plastic quality is poor and build quality is totally lacking .
i paid about $ for this turntable one year ago .
it only really fits much smaller dinosaurs in it ,  or a few medium sized ones if you are lucky .
they re essentially tiny ,  useless little things . bad wrist design :  this trackball puts a lot of bad pressure on the wrist .
i ordered this product based upon the reviews ,  but i wish i hadn t .
no cold ,  no muscle relief ,  nothing . i waited about num_num minutes and gave up .
i bought this product locally but my experience was so very severe that i thought i would warn others .
after using this my hair felt drier and even my scalp started to get dry and itchy .
although these are some of the sexiest phones around ,  they are not made to last .
i agree with the other reviewers that say this num_extend vaporizer doesn t put out much steam .
i have not seen this issue with other brands of cartridges that i have used .
it really pains me to give this product a bad review .
the beef one messed him up though so i won t be buying this product again .
this case has much lower quality than other s shape iphone cases .
another is so thin that it looks more like silver than diamonds at a glance .
i have been using brita pitchers for almost num_num years ,  and have used quite a few different ones .
it does not grind very well at all .
i have no problem with gaming innovation ,  but this isn t innovation .
this phone case is extremely cheap and looks it .
something i use a lid for now that is very inconvenient and doesn t work very well .
i should have learned my lesson after purchasing the power mate from this company .
it is a shame that it does this ,  for it looks like it will be better than aok .
constant crashing means that in reality ,  you need to save in almost every  room  to avoid replaying .
i also had problems with them staying connected .
even though this is sold at a low price it s not worth it because of the lack of comfort .
this num_num cup replacement carafe did not fit my cuisinart num_num cup coffeemaker .
you can t see this product at all ,  it makes almost no color .
if they did ,  they d violate the specs and would not sell very well .
lasted about a year ,  then they fell apart .
without even thinking or looking at the device itself .
i plugged it into the solar charger that is pimped with it ,  and it would not charge .
i know it it just a $ case but i expected better quality than this .
after seeing how highly this tea was rated i was really disappointed with how it turned out .
i don t know that there is anything better ,  but this shouldn t be our best choice .
i bought this item after an unsatisfactory purchase of an ipaq .
i would definitely not purchase this product again .
i m not sure how well it will work but it is not a honeywell branded filter .
as many others have stated the controls are terrible .
they could have easily allowed the desk version to allow communication and syncing with your computer .
i probably won t be getting another one of these again .
this is pretty much one of the most unpalatable things i have tasted .
this tray does not fit the stainless steel fountain although it is advertised to fit it .
i really can t tell what exactly this thing is .
not sure but for what they cost one year is about all you going to get out of them .
i bought this for my num_extend mini doxie and she has little to no interest in it .
i ve been using hazelnut syrup in my coffee for the last num_num years .
believe the num_num star ratings :  i didn t and ordered it anyway as this is my first trainer .
this product was so flimsy and the glue trap was barely sticky enough to catch anything .
i immediately tried the car charger plug and it was not any easier than the ac cord .
this was pointless since the partition could easily have been packaged with the liner .
i would not buy this again if i had the choice .
however ,  when i received these more than half of them were crushed .
i found this coffee to be bitter ,  somewhat stale ,  and it just wasn t good .
i have been using proactiv for num_num years .
don t even try putting eyeshadow over this because it looks heavy and makes it difficult to blend .
i m pretty sure that s not legal ,  so i guess i ll just go back to scrubbing my toilet .
save your money ,  as inexpensive as this product is it is not worth the money .
even though i rated everything else high ,  i really dislike this game .
i definitely wouldn t recommend this to anyone that has very stiff joints or more severe pain .
i did not have any luck with this sterilization pen .
i have been using this cream faithfully morning and night for a few weeks ,  without any discernible difference .
either way ,  very disappointing and would not recommend this toy .
and just like so many others said ,  this game does not work at all .
i didn t expect this to be the real thing by any stretch of the imaginary when i purchased it .
gotta protect your hands so i would not recommend this .
the barely smell of fresh brewed coffee was not there ,  and the taste was awful .
so ,  these are supposed to work in stand alone cd recorders ?  not quite .
it took me using argan oil for num_num weeks to get my hair to not crunch .
overall very disappointed in the product i received .
i would use it if i had to but will not purchase it again .
functionally it seems to be ok ,  but if you are sensitive to smells i would not recommend this product .
i really wanted to like this little canvas bag but it has too many shortcomings .
it is a shame a seller like this tarnishes the excellant reputation amazon has .
i would agree with another reviewer that it s like chewing on a piece of rubber .
then you have this interaction with other humans that is just useless .
the item arrived quickly ,  and the return was processed quickly .
i would not recommend these covers for your phone .
however with the num_num and a second asus tablet nothing but problems .
i have had nothing but trouble with this print server since i purchased it .
this took a long time since i had never done anything like this before .
definitely do not recommend this product or any from this company .
this won t last me num_num minutes lol i still have not used this saw .
this isn t a cheap system and the quantities included are minuscule and will probably last a month or so .
i definitely would not recommend these to any other buyers .
i really was hoping these would have worked for constipation .
i just wish i didn t have to deal with any hassle of the product not working right .
it was out of warranty this time ,  but because it had been defective so many times they fixed it .
i would not order from this company again .
its stiff too ,  not much better than the huge clear plastic things you can get from your vet .
i wish the results were positive for me but i cannot recommend this product .
big mistake !  i ve had this fountain plugged in for about num_num hours and it is ridiculously loud .
now ,  after reading the reviews ,  there are apparently a lot of people that have had the same problem .
i have used it for several weeks with no improvement in the appearance of my skin .
this bone looks just like the pictures but it splintered immediately .
this coffee grinder essentially stopped working after a couple grinds .
i used an entire bottle of this product and it did not work .
this product was not very tasty and i would not buy it again .
when i opened the seal of the straw ,  i found some yellow greasy stuff inside .
you can t even pour it in your hand without it trickling through your fingers ,  and it barely lathers up .
don t expect anything other than a blurry ,  blotchy sort of pic out of it though .
this is my third la pavonia burr grinder over the past num_num years or so .
second ,  it feels greasy afterwards ,  especially if you have put it on your hands .
after num_extend put black duct tape around the repair job and it s lasted several months .
i will not be buying this particular color again .
i am not sure what i was thinking when i ordered these .
this product didn t work as well as i had hoped .
these are perhaps the worst dvd s i ve ever bought .
the handles on this juicer gradually bent after only about num_num lemons worth of use .
i have found this has no effect whatsoever on me .
if your wireless network is using num_extend encryption ,  this product does not support it .
i just was looking for real raw cashew  no salt  ,  no nothing added i will not buy them again .
they said it would be another num_num days .
you will just like to turn off your num_extend
but would i buy these ?  not in a million years . hope this helps .
this num_num disk program was the slowest to install game i ve ever seen .
also ,  this puzzle states that it is for num_num years and up ,  which is crazy .
unless they are one and the same ,  then i think we have a problem with this posting .
tasco is the bottom of the barrel ,  has horrible glass quality compared to most all other brands available .
i don t want a product that is this greasy and heavy .
i can t for the life of me understand why some people are giving this num_num stars .
in short this pad is not worth the money or trouble .
this taste has always bothered me way more than texture issues .
bought num_num and both quit working ,  the cords are good but the chargers are junk .
they have always been garbage and are still garbage .
i would rather have one of those old brick phones than this piece of junk .
i bought this pump at petsmart about num_num yrs ago and it barely functioned at all .
looking at cateye s website ,  it appears you can purchase those separately ,  but it doesn t indicate the price .
even with the latest firmware ,  it is very slow .
i wish i had read the other one star reviews before purchase .
after about num_num seconds ,  the eye is darker and sore .
i tried this cold initially ,  and then i took a shot at heating it up .
i used super glue but they broke again and i threw them away .
haven t even had it num_num num_extend bought this nozzle based soley on the positive reviews .
you will be playing this game all the time ,  and you will feel like crap when you are not .
i should have heeded the many reviews that said that this product is not a good solution .
this however is just like scented water . i definitely would not recommend this product .
the case charges with a micro usb connector  i can t imagine otherwise  .
i haven t come across this problem with other scratching posts . i guess this might be good for kittens .
i told her that over num_num reviews gave it num_num stars .
this one is not worth the horrendous price .
i purchased and returned these headphones almost immediately . the feel of the ear cups are very uncomfortable .
these are once and a while bath toy since they are not easy to wash away .
it would probably work awful well on wonder bread .
this game is the most boring wrestling game i have ever played in my life ,  wwe or otherwise .
relatively inexpensive ,  especially at the price i paid ,  but not worth $
i am trying to break them in although i have never had to do this with skechers before .
however ,  there is not one piece that correctly goes into place .
the fact that they re called peas is only because they re molded to look like peas .
i returned these and would not recommend them .
which is needed because even with my wifi and gps turned off my droid charge battery is awful .
good luck trying to pick the lid up by this handle ,  it just slips out of your hands .
i purchased this for my droid and the product may as well have been hollow plastic .
i am a white not pale  women and this looks very reddish on the eyebrow .
but when your using the phone ,  its very awkward holding the flip cover behind you phone .
i never had this problem with mccormick s vanilla extract .
i couldn t go more than a few minutes with this on my hands .
i like that it comes in different colors and patterns . the problem is that it s horribly uncomfortable .
i don t think my dogs like the toys that start off unstuffed though .
stay away from this head phone unless you likewasting your money .
i still wanted to review this product because of the problem i have with it .
this is the worst case i have ever seen .
the result is that this doesn t really taste like watermelon or strawberry .
true ,  it s been done before ,  but never in a location such as this ,  everyone adds their own little tweaks .
they seem to spring leaks easily ,  and sometimes seemingly randomly .
my reasons for rating this so low num_extend it is very hard to get on and off .
i bought num_num packs of this product for me and my friend to put on my iphone num_extend
i hate them ,  they are too small and too tight and too cheap looking .
i was hoping to get a bargain when i bought this for num_num dollars .
it is probably the lowes quality cable i ve ever seen .
they don t have handles ,  so they don t stay in place very well .
i charged it for about num_num hours before checking the battery level .
i tried so many times to give some to them and they just left it laying there .
then it stopped working ,  sent it back to magellan for rma and after num_num months received a new one .
the reason i gave them num_num star is because of the way wilton packaged the pans .
i struggled to drink it and don t think it s something that i d be able to recommend .
i guess wusthof is good at making knifes but they have no concept of working with wood . think about this .
sadly it lasted for about num_num months of daily used before it failed .
i have no idea how well this would moisturize over the long term .
so my daughter will only get to play for num_num days now with all her pets .
when we tried to separate them they were cracking everywhere but on the perforation .
this phone is nothing more than a num_extend with a touch screen and poor integration .
supposedly indestructible toy became crumbs in less than num_num minutes .
it would take more than an hour to cut through num_num inch .
after num_num minutes ,  you are supposed to compare the yellow dot s new color with a color chart .
in short ,  i was not very impressed with this product .
this is the only way they get anything over num_num hours of gameplay out of the thing .
the pants have so much wrong with them ,  plus they look awful .
i ve been dumb enough to try these num_num times and every time the result has been he same .
the coffee is still just barely warm enough to drink .
it does not freeze well at all which is the main reason i bought this .
the dove men+ deep clean body wash is nothing to write home about .
this knife dulls quickly and can become unsafe to use .
the screen keeps recentering on planets and ships without your being able to do anything about it .
they were a gift for my mother for mother s day ,  couldn t even give them too her .
this unit broke after num_num months because the battery connection inside the unit failed .
i wish i could give these five stars ,  but they are flimsy ,  and will fall apart eventually .
hyperions lame backplate never seated properly into the phone .
they do not stretch at all to fit over your foot while trying to put them on .
i like my body and tea too much to settle for less than great .
you get what you pay for and i should have known at this price i would get garbage .
.  .  .    they have the same knife on their website ,  just another color .
once i received it i found that it would only work with a mac on postscript laser printers .
this is my num_extend vacuum purchase in less than a year from amazon; one hoover ,  one bissel ,  both sticks .
this game is only for people that have never played pokemon before .
save your hard earned money and spend it on something you deserve !  .
i drink a lot of coffee so i was a little wary of this green coffee bean extract .
these are one of the worst sheets i have ever owned .
but after this experience i don t think i can in good conscience recomend any valve products in the future .
but ,  i decided to purchase this on a whim for the convenience of having a smaller appliance .
after reading reviews online ,  i really expected more from this product .
with that being said ,  the reviews on these other motions products i ordered will probably be the same .
the first thing that i found annoying about this game were the controls .
very thin metal ,  and i don t expect this to last more than num_num seasons of making apple sauce .
levi s has outsourced by buying of their product; won t bother with them in the future .
beside the unit is big and heavy ,  the programming is confusing not very user friendly .
i have ordered bags before that were the bags on board brand ,  and they have been fine .
i didn t give this num_num star because it s so cheap for such a large quantity .
i was hoping for this mario sports title to be as good as others in the past .
my first set looks like hell !  some were put in the dishwasher ,  but others were not .
the mount only works with the iphone num_num as long as it is not in a case .
i purchased this because my num_num year old cat has become so skinny and needs extra calories .
i thought that our cats would go nuts over this fishy fancy feast but i was mistaken .
have used white noise and other sound makers for many years .
i suggest purchasing this product from another seller ,  if you have to .
i would not recommend these games to anyone ,  especially people who are easily frustrated .
unfortunately ,  i was expecting the same quality as other products that i have purchased from them .
this game is the worst i have ever played .
what a waste  .  .  .  . we did not care for these ,  but ,  the tostadoes were excellent .
also ,  i didn t like that the handles trapped dirt and water ,  which would slowly leak out .
this primer is probably the worst i ve ever used and now understand why it s a drugstore primer .
so i would never purchase from them again .
go with a water proof fleece jacket i don t think this was worth my money .
i rarely leave bad reviews but i would give this zero stars if i could .
the cutscenes are amazing and far better than ff vii s ,  but everything else is awful .
images were soft ,  didn t pull color out as i d expect and didn t have great bokeh .
i have only had black granite counter tops for about num_num months .
also will avoid buying from target online after this as well .
the game seems to have changed for the worse over the past couple of years .
it s disappointing as i bought num_num of these .
i was looking for so much more in this product .
this game is like doom ,  you know the one where you just see the weapon .
lasted about num_num months before it burned out .
there s no possible way they could last long at all .
i ordered a pair of black num_num levi s from this seller .
i received a num_num ounce size of this lotion ,  not a num_num ounce size .
never ,  never ,  never less than num_num month !  i will be returning this immediately !  .
that is about num_num bites worth for most adults ,  probably average for these kinds of  grocery store  bars .
i will not be using this product ever again .
it looks like it will stay up for about a week before i have to reboot .
this is easily one of the worst video games ever invented .
i ve come across a few people with the same case and the same problems .
the posts are very thin and the backs didn t feel that secure on them .
lid malfunction while running the first tank of water ,  even before coffee was added .
there not submergible and really can t be anywhere near water .
i will be buying a more expensive and adjustable heater to replace it .
i honestly hate that i bought this lotion because the smell actually sickens me .
i have to agree with a previous poster that said the straps were too long .
i usually love merrell but this design seems poor .
i m very disappointed with this model and will be returning it .
i will list by number the things i found wrong with this particular num_extend
i should have looked at the letters in detail before buying this .
panasonic has bitten off more than they could chew with this product .
i have bought num_num other professional canon lenses without a problem .
they re also a very thin fabric ,  not high quality .
judging by the material ,  though ,  i don t know that i would have liked the case anyway .
this product is not made with real tea or peach juice ,  despite having  peach tea  in the name .
but whatever the cost of this item num_num year is just not acceptable .
i was looking forward to getting this pan and was very disappointed to have to return it .
the motorola razr num_extend is worst cell phone i have ever had .
maybe it works on phones but i specifically looked for a bluetooth that would serve my needs with r . s .
it is really lame to try to screw your customers like that ea .
there are way too many credible stories about these things causing problems to risk a $ num_extend
second ,  the nutrition numbers could have been a lot better .
they said they haven t had any similar complaints about this particular kettle .
this is ,  hands down ,  the most frustrating product i ve ever owned in my life .
the reason i went with this crib vs .
this one breaks me out pretty bad ,  so i would not recommend it .
the pants are pretty comfy for relaxing around the house but the material is very very thin .
i have been a loyal customer of crosman for years but they are apparently really going downhill .
too bad ,  i hate having to switch brands but am forced to over this lack of reliability .
i have used bottle color before and have never had this happen .
added this as directed ,  and after about num_num days my dog started coughing and appeared not to feel well .
i ve taken pills before but this one really made me feel ill .
this is a known fault of this controller that it does not work with optical drives .
i bought this from my pt s referral ,  but it was huge  i m num_extend and very hard .
i ve been using this product for years because it used to be the best deal available .
i ve never used this product until a month ago .
i didn t really look into the description of these vitamins before i bought them .
ordered num_num of these and every one had so many flaws i couldn t hardly stand it .
they made it as dull as ,  well ,  driving across town in a station wagon .
i used this product once and it did not do as promised .
too many of lps products seem to be better for storage of the camera equipment rather than using it .
just a cheap black rifle case with sufficient padding .
i had this case for over num_num month ,  and the red started to fade to a pinking color .
this is not what it says it is .
i ve used it several times and absolutely no difference .
it s very disappointing and nothing like our experience with other melissa and doug products .
few is the key word . first off ,  the bb s had a range of about num_num feel before they dropped .
i would not waste another $ on this product .
i have a samsung galaxy note num_extend num_extend edition  and this doesn t fit .
will not be buying products from this company ever .
i bought these with hopes of good sound quality at a reasonable price and unfortunately ,  they did not deliver .
this is absolutely the worst game i have ever purchased ,  and i have had my share of bad ones .
i cannot recommend this product at this cost .
you also have to take num_num a day and they are huge pill and smell like tea tree oil .
does not do at all what it claims would not straighten my hair .
i tried num_num different sticks of this memory and neither would let my asa boot .
bought num_num different ones and a slight tap the plastic breaks .
i will also try some of the other products suggested here ,  especially if they aren t tested on animals .
for the first day or so ,  i thought i saw an increase in battery life .
but i don t think this spatula is worth the $ i paid for it .
not sure what this would have done had i continued for a few months .
i also read that people bought these and they are not waterproof .
bluetooth is old technology it should work better than this .
i was hoping these would soften up in the wash but so far they have not .
after num_num months ,  the battery life started to degrade .
sorry but save your money on this one particular model .
they appear to be made well by their description ,  just no good for me i guess .
i also do not like the membrane in front of the screen .
i only bought this because i lacked a small amount to qualify for free shipping on an order .
just coloring pages ,  that are not very well designed .
the band fit great but the cup size was way too small .
then again ,  the gun doesnt kick enough to have a problem with recoil .
certified but when my relative ordered them from amazon . com ,  the cans that were shipped only indicate certified .
this screen protector does not come as pictured .
it will not function properly ,  i have to take off case just to charge phone .
i bought this to go with the laundry detergent that had a lavendar fragrance; cannot recommend it .
this print server doesn t work with windows num_extend
one set that came in was supposed to work with my $ vacuum machine .
is it for real ?  my cat pulled an arm off poor ducky in less than num_num minutes .
which is strange because other items from this line work very well but this item ,  no ,  not good .
i generally buy from amazon ,  but canon s price is simply too high for this item .
i liked num_num and num_num but after that the game play got very complicated .
i tried to cancel within num_num minutes after rereading the invoice .
too much range and listening enjoyment is simply lost with these headphones .
i purchased num_num of these systems for my num_num cats  we have num_num other litter boxes  .
therefore ,  this item is of poor quality and incomplete .
there appears to be very poor quality control on these and buyer beware .
the design weaknesses around the connector take away from the potential performance that the internal hardware may offer .
at nearly $ it would have been nice to include a halogen bulb light .
they also don t hold the vacuum and the release buttons pop out too easy .
i bought it from amazon but i am very displeased with the scent .
i have used sony sticks for many years with no problems at all .
i have had bates last num_num years before the soles wore out .
it s also not adjustable unless you consider the amount of pressure you apply to be that adjustment .
when i plugged it in it just kept my phone from dying any more than it already was .
num_num minutes later now ,  and i still have motion sickness .
it was used two to three times per week since october num_num when i received it .
i say buy obaji and save your money on this product .
i did not like the taste of this bread .
i guess the cheap price decides the quality in this case .
there s nothing here that hasn t been done infinitely better in the evil dead movies .
it is very unfortunate ,  because i like every other aspect of this case .
i tested this food several times in my cats and found it gave them both stinky gas and diarrhea .
i feel this is a fire hazard so have disposed of the thing .
the first problem we had with this product is the goo .
i have tried several brands of premium batteries with the same results .
although i bought this pan direct from norpro ,  i still say its sucks .
i m not very impressed with this product for a number of reasons .
like many of the other reviewers ,  i have suffered from the broken plastic teeth problem .
and in the end after reading the other bad reviews ,  i m kinda glad i couldn t put it together .
this is the first time that i ordered online and it just didn t work for me .
i would think twice on buying this dvd player again .
maybe they ll get a clue and make them organic . there aren t that many white chocolates out there .
even with all of this ,  i still can t clean every part ,  so the mold is never completely gone .
i didn t really like these ,  they were kinda dull ,  and i got two and one was really dim .
this is the most uncomfortable headphone i ve ever worn .
this is a neat ,  handy little gadget but it failed to perform to my expectations .
i installed the num_extend with the num_extend router on my xp desktop ,  which went without a hitch .
speck produces two cases which go by the name pixelskin hd case for iphone num_extend
in fact ,  the entire bar doesn t really taste like much of anything .
now ,  things have gone downhill ,  and i have to buy a new coffee pot after just a few years .
they didnt work the first time i used them but i was just getting off of atkins .
i would have to go up one or num_num sizes to get the band to fit .
i did not want to spend any more money so i tried the online support .
now ,  if they only made num_num long games ,  as i have said ,  that would have been fine .
i have waited num_num weeks since my original order .
i was skeptical because i read some not so great reviews .
even though the company s website has a form you can submit to ask questions ,  they never responded to me .
i brought this to play after thanksgiving dinner ,  but it was a flop .
i can t begin to describe how frustrated i ve been with this pitcher .
i noticed right away that the case did not fit my verizon iphone num_num correctly .
i couldn t believe it !  went back to the doctor and told me to stop using the product immediately .
very dissapointed for the price i paid for this .
i find it very difficult to believe that this soap was imported from marseille .
these thin bars are unfortunately pretty much what you would expect from something like this .
our num_num year old golden lab wants nothing to do with this food .
i made an appointment with my doctor and will never use this product again .
these are the most uncomfortable headphones i have ever used .
this product seems to have been hastily slapped together and shipped with very little quality control .
this iron worked ok ,  but then stopped heating after i had it about three years .
i have num_num dogs ,  which creates confusion when i m trying to train one ,  not the other .
this item would have been nice if it worked properly .
if you have a lot of money to blow ,  you might try this product .
i ve tried several times and this toy scored a zero with my active cat .
if they could fix the smell ,  i would probably give this product num_num stars .
i put a bunch of them on tape then got this and thought i d died and gone to heaven .
i would never recommend this bench to anyone .
thin material ,  small cuffs ,  jcpenny has better shirts than this .
i have gone through so many barking collars i have lost count .
mine broke the first time i used it .
i bought the variety pack of this brand chip with lime ,  black bean ,  and plain .
if you want something like play jewelry then this still isnt a good buy .
i ve used this as much as three times a week with no improvement in my acne .
it appears that i will still be brewing dunkin donuts coffee at home .
i send the product in ,  after more than a week ,  i finally got the card again .
after my husband and i tried them a couple of times ,  we gave up .
i dont recommend this product for mountain bike .
this case arrives and it looked nothing like the picture .
it seems that the pyle speakers which are mounted on the front dashboard are having a subwoofer boxed effect .
this wireless headphone will not work with num_extend
this charger only works with iphones ,  not for ipads .
would be curious if the more expensive units including the num_extend are better ,  but i cannot recommend this one .
sorry ,  but there was nothing i liked about this product .
the castles aren t nearly as strong as they were in the first one .
i really regret not putting these back in a box and sending them right back when they first arrived .
the voice reception with this headset was just ok .
this is dissapointed cause they are just a bunch of duplicated characters with differents num_extend
so i would have to recommend against buying it .
i don t ever want to have pointy boobs ,  especially when i m working out .
after a day i had to uninstall as the noise was unbearable even on the lowest setting .
i don t like this toy though because it is really difficult to put together .
and they are difficult to work around with your phone .
this toy was given to our son for his num_extend birthday .
i recently switched back to this model after my netgear wireless router failed ,  and it just wouldn t work .
i used this pad briefly on my tamrac num_num bag loaded with an eos num_extend num_num lenses and speedlite .
i feel like this cable is not compatible with samsung phones .
when it broke i purchased this one even though the reviews were mostly terrible .
i would not recommend purchasing this hummingbird feeder as it spills very easily .
i ,  like others i have read about ,  do not need the entire lcd .
haven t had to do anything but change bags or empty dirt containes for the last three years .
received this item from amazon ,  and immediately put in a return request for it .
they felt like any other regular sandal and didn t really have the arch support i thought they would have .
but like i said ,  its not too much louder than the num_extend
this knife is over sized and makes cutting difficult .
after another few months one of the buttons stopped responding .
the first thing i noticed was the magnet had very little power if any at all .
i didn t really like the design of this either .
the num_num model is flat defective and kitchenaid is unwilling to stand by their product .
also ,  there are times that asking a question makes the person respond in a way that makes no sense .
that is not what i wanted !  this went right in the trash !  .
i only added this to try and make sure ph was stable and nitrates were low .
i bought num_num of these pads for my cattery .
during this time frame ,  i had not downloaded anything that could have disrupted the phone in any way .
the three that come on a regular basis will eat the dry food and leave the canned untouched .
oh also this piece of crap only has like num_num gb which i find extremely stupid .
i was very disappointed with the sound quality .
the cup is about num_num cup sizes smaller than size states .
when using the product in the car at highway speeds ,  a lot of background noise is transmitted .
i bought this for my samsung num_extend expecting somewhat of a snug fit  i don t have a case  .
for the hassle i went through returning the bad lens ,  i have to take away a star .
most irritatingly ,  though ,  is that it doesn t have a set knob ,  even for the analog hands .
they were very heavy and the inside bottom was full of awkward ridges and bumps .
you have to go over your writing many times causing it to look sloppy .
the case cracked and started to fall apart after just a couple of days of pocket carry .
i was buying this product before the ingredients changed ,  so i can tell the difference .
i have had a drinkwell platinum pet fountain for num_num years .
this one lasted num_num months and i just bought myself a dyson to replace it .
for the num_num months that we have owned this toy my son still can t crank the handel .
in fact i bought num_num boxes on sale and still have num_num left .
then the rubber glue that holds the case gets worn out and the case pops open .
i would not but from this seller again .
i wanted to give this a great rating , but frankly ,  its very ,  very poorly constructed .
this hub might be ok if you re using flash drives ,  or other low power devices .
this all said i think they would have been fine if the toes were open .
there are more unlockables ,  but they re really only worth playing with once . overall ,  this game was a big disappointment .
i thought this would be amazing but no .
they are not bright and shiny like the picture but dull .
after reading the reviews ,  i though this product was going to meet my needs .
it did nothing for my dogs  hair ,  would not recomment it to anyone .
this product is watery and smells worse than any other product i have ever tried .
my num_num month old ,  num_num lb ,  lab mix puppy destroyed this toy in less than num_num minutes .
the rest of the time it keeps shutting it s self off because the switch is so janky .
based on the previous reviews it appears that they either work or they don t .
imho ,  there are better alternatives out there . thanks for reading my review .
i have been using those things since num_extend num_extend one it was most difficult getting the air bubbles out .
i couldn t believe that this had something to do with this product; it seemed so unlikely .
i ve used them before and have absolutely no complaints about them .
would like to have replaced with large goodie dog bone to see if would last longer .
love the battery but hate the cover would never buy again !  !  .
after reading the many glowing reviews of this pan ,  my dear hubby purchased num_num for our bread making .
unless this lowers metabolism in some people ?  maybe it was all water weight gain .
well ,  this one failed after only num_num months or so .
they burn ,  make your vision blurry ,  and give me zero comfort .
i would recommend looking elsewhere for your foil cutter .
you will come to believe that all baffles must have uranium in them somewhere to be so overpriced .
this is much too tight to use with a slim case on an iphone .
btw ,  i am using belkin kvm cables . don t even think about purchasing this unit !  .
i have difficulty using the remote except sitting down on the couch in front of the player .
i guess if you are looking for an annually disposable item this will work for a while .
went into sale invoice and found out that since i bought it more than a month i m screwed .
i thought they might last longer than num_num months .
this cleanser isnt bad ,  and lasts a long time ,  but it doesnt cleanse very well .
the cap is small and barely holds beans sufficient for num_num cups of coffee .
however ,  that was around num_num months ago ,  and i still have not received the return authorization .
this machine was more expensive ,  and made by cuisinart ,  but we were disappointed when we received it .
the little cars frequently  more times than not  get stuck when they drop onto a lower track .
the bad news :  the first ball was punctured in less than num_num minutes .
i don t really think i will use them again ,  they are deep and dough sticks in them terribly .
better off going back to my bargain brand !  bought my other for about $ num_num years ago .
it wasn t that the adhesives didn t stick to the wall ,  they didn t stick to the product it came with .
num_extend and i bought the num_extend from amazon .
the earpiece never went back into shape ,  and it never held on my ear well again .
nothing but flimsy cardboard shoved inside cheap plastic .
i like kashi products but this was just plain terrible to me .
the actual beans are very small ,  not what i expected .
we will not be buying it again ,  especially for $
i used this product and still was sunburned .
what i have to say now could have also applied num_num years ago ,  so here goes .
and when you do not need it ,  turn it off ,  otherwise the batteries will drain .
do not buy this product if you value your glock and want to conceal your firearm . very disappointed .
these chuxs are thin and not absorbent and very poor quality .
these headphones are trash when it comes to num_extend
it s such a shame because it worked really well while it lasted .
plus the tails were so long they kept getting tangled so finally i yanked them off .
not happy with this and definitely do not recommend this product .
let me state upfront that i have no problems with the product doing what it claims to do .
they told me they have num_num different sources ,  all in india ,  for their peppermint .
if you like this feeder ,  consider alternatives from other brands .
when i went to grind the num_extend batch this morning ,  the motor would not turn on .
i only rated this charger two stars because it takes so long for this second battery to charge .
you won t be hitting anything with this gun and num_extend bbs ,  use heavier stuff .
after a week we threw it out because it was just making a mess on the floor .
i bought this because i wanted a filter housing that would take standard num_extend replacement filters .
my opinions; these shouldn t be priced any more than $ that s all they re worth .
extremely painful if you need to have a padded sole for feet problems . i wont buy these again .
i bought this to get windows apps connection ,  thus out of luck for the purchase .
it didn t work very well ,  if at all compared to other brands of the same type of sharpener .
i have nothing nice to say about this coffee .
i would recommend that this popcorn be taken off the market ,  as it is not fit for human consumption .
the kind of zits that are stubborn too ,  they returned over and over again .
this was not made very well ,  and it did not have any cuffs on the sleves .
these were crappy and did not last very long .
however ,  the leads that the ear buds are attached to are not very durable at all .
maybe i am more fair than other reviewers  i am very blonde  but it definitely didn t work for me .
i m fairly certain i broke out worse from it too  :   personally i would not recommend this .
it says that it is an num_num piece but mine only came with num_num pieces .
i have tried many brain vitamins and this one just has no effect as the others do .
one of these units  two years old  just died on me .
like a hard type of plastic hook it broke in my pocket .
i like a couple of miss jessie s products ,  but this isn t one of them .
granted ,  most decaf doesn t taste very good ,  especially the instant varieties .
but ,  i will say i will not be purchasing this product again .
i used mine maybe num_num times and the casting broke .
if the shipping and arrival of this sigma brush was not fast ,  this would be a one star product .
these things run if you just look at them wrong .
after researching machines for several months ,  i finally asked santa for this one .
not only did they not keep mosquitoes from biting her but it didn t even stay on .
i ve used it for about num_num years on my dogs and had no complaints .
i bought this because my issued poncho was stolen and i needed a replacement .
this is a real shame ,  because just about everything else in this game is executed flawlessly .
for some reason it does not work on my samsung galaxy num_extend
if you do not know how to use this item you are just waisting your money .
i would gladly pay double for these if they were as good as they used to be .
i have been using this product for a while and consistently have had the same issues .
i cannot recommend this product unless you like really weak tea .
it s really a thin ,  long and very ,  very floppy thing .
you have to dump the grounds and clean this thoroughly after each use .
i bought this product ,  but i never saw it in one piece .
after about num_num hours of talk time and maybe num_num of standby it was dead .
i bought this because i didn t want to spend the extra money at first on the furminator .
i should have paid more attention to the size of this item .
not sure how well this would really protect someone .
being the first nikon product i have owned ,  i was not impressed .
i like how they fit ,  but very poor quality for this price .
these folding umbrellas never last particularly long but this one was definitely worse than most .
maybe i need to use it longer but i didn t have the patience .
i just sent another order back for this same reason .
do not buy this adapter if you intend to use it with the ipod .
also ,  these are made from a very thin material .
this product gets narrower at the bottom which prevents the smartphone from fitting inside of it .
i m not pleased with the quality or look of this bracelet .
may be a super comfy bra ,  but i d rather not go around looking num_num years older for comfort s sake .
so ,  i find the stand useless as well . foster and smith gave this thing a good review .
i contacted the seller ,  and they apologized ,  and sent me another one .
probably would have been a great present ,  but was never received .
i have only used this maybe ten times ,  and now the foil starts falling out all the time .
also they are a bit stiff with very little support .
this lives inside a cupboard with num_num lbs of cans on it ,  so replacing it is a pain .
this time finally it started to look like coffee although it was still on the weak side .
save your money not worth it and it is soooo loud .
bought a couple of these for our kittens and they destroyed them in a matter of minutes .
i bought this from dangerous thread off of ebay originally in num_extend
now ,  in less than num_num months ,  both are failing .
my num_extend lab mix destroyed this in less than a minute .
this is one of the few mistakes i have made on an order through amazon .
i can see that these filters will not last long .
i was a little dissapointed when both my phone and ipod wouldn t fit unless i took the cases off .
koreans have been sloughing their skin with these korean italy cloths for years .
i used them num_num times and the buckle came off in the water .
this stuff just does not taste that great to me will not buy again  !  .
i suggest amazon to retire this product inmediately of selling .
i will never go back to these high priced razors again .
i previously gave this unit num_num stars .  .  . now i must reduce to num_extend
i have stopped taking this product because i don t see any results .
unless you are obsessed with natural ,  don t buy this product .
we have num_num or num_num of these by different prices .
this was a replacement for a krupps processor and i only used it num_num times .
this made my phone look snazzy but it will not protect your phone if you drop it .
not sure if this is a proven product or not ,  but i wished i hadn t made this purchase .
this product is advertised as  pure vitamin e  with no ingredients list .
i think america s test kitchen did a test on  pepper output  for different grinders .
do yourself a favor and buy a set of speed bleeders .  .  . and leave this kit alone !  .
i was looking for something that would freshen my dog s breath and that it did not do .
if they had a larger remote with aaa batteries i would have given it a num_extend
i have tried num_num of these cases on cell phones .
so id have to say ,  all the other reviewers are blowing this up more than it is .
after you put it in ,  within a very short time ,  the pony tail has drooped .
the real tragedy is that with a bit more playtesting and polish this could have been a good game .
then i realized that there s not really anything to do .
cnn news reported that num_num dogs have died from this product becoming lodged in their throats .
i decided to upgrade to this bluetooth and was really disapointed .
i would never purchase this or recommend it to anyone else .
i have bought num_num of these and they ve all broken upon plugging them in .
make sure you want and need this before laying down your money .
this is the second colorscience product i ve purchase and been disappointed both times .
they have played with them about num_num mins .
i ended up making royal icing which was ok but not stiff enough .
i was however not very happy with the picture quality .
these do not work well and are very cheap .
using these is almost certainly very very bad for you  although not yet proven  .
sure glad i bought it from amazon as it s going to have to go back as defective .
they re not prime . i ordered these things on june num_extend
this will be the last caselogic item i will ever buy .
this has to be one of the worst customer service experiences i ve had .
i bought this because it was cheap and i needed extra support for my ailing back .
i would not recommend this product for curlier textures .
i would not recommend this set for any reason .
olds ,  i had to go with num_num stars because ,  judging from my kids  reactions ,  most num_extend yr .
i bought this hoping to replace the num_extend florescent that my tank came with .
in other words ,  not something i want to use of my face ! i m not saying that these ingredients are rare .
within num_num minutes of opening ,  the door fell off and would not stay on .
if you have the num_extend don t buy this thing ,  you will have no joy .
i wish i could have recorded the messages ,  or better yet ,  recorded my birds talking !  .
don t waste your money on this product like i did .
by the way ,  this product also does not last any longer than cheap brands used with a base coat .
i have been flying radio control for many years and haven t crashed this ar drone at all .
if you want a challenge or something new and different ,  then do not buy this .
in fact ,  after using it just a few times ,  i am doing just that .
i don t recommend this product if you are concerned about a bad flavor .
this mascara may work well for others ,  but it did absolutely nothing for my eyelashes .
if you have a fast num_extend the process is not as painful ,  but still it s totally unnecessary .
not like the buttery taste i have experienced with other ghee products .
as other reviewers have pointed out ,  the main functionality on this michelin product leaves a lot to be desired .
i would recommend fallout num_extend oblivion ,  two worlds ,  mercenaries num_extend or .
sorry to say this purchase of num_num years ago wasn t worth it .
parts fall off after a short time and it is very cheaply made .
kids really like it ,  but it doesn t seem that durable !  .
there is no charging capabilities with this stand .
this poor guy just did not like keeping his air .
chopped dates and nuts with your choice of dried fruit would be more delicious than this product .
for less than a dollar shipped i knew i shouldnt have expected much .
i ve had celiac for num_num years and have tried every bread mix .
like other reviewers ,  i found that this blade only wipes the lower half of the rear window .
you know it s just too bad what has happened to this country concerning business and manufacturing .
technical service gave up after num_num days on the phones with them .
i have used this for less than a year and i think i threw my money away .
i would not recommend to anyone at all .
wtf ! if i had known these headphones were of bizarre design ,  i would not have purchased them .
this was way too dark for me ,  but that is what i get for buying makeup online .
stay away is twice the price and the replacement canisters are more expensive .
giving it num_num star because it is non functional ,  as far as i can tell .
i have tried several recipes with this mix and none of them turn out well .
not a good buy at all ,  the other scope that i purchased was just fine .
i have gone through the num_num of my protectors with in num_num days .
they barely have the process down to make small quantities at yale   .  .  .   basically it s fake . save your money .
the first time i used this i put it on and within two minutes began smelling vomit .
i am rating this only num_num stars because i did not like the taste .
also didn t pick up my voice well and battery life wouldn t make it full day for me .
once he got playing ,  it spent about num_num minutes with a swimming pool  evaluation  game that got boring fast .
and now this .  .  . i regret to inform that the great civ titles were made a long time ago .
this soap dispenser might work if you need to pump soap into a bucket or something like that .
but i found this game extremely boring and no fun .
i usually end up with an num_num m because there is no wide width offered .
my jars of this product had the old label ,  and i don t think that the ingredient list has changed .
they should go back ,  but now i have worn them .
it lasted about num_num weeks !  now the ups is worthless again .
if you re really poor and must have something pre workout this would be a decent option .
it s hard to recoomend this game to anyone except an extremely lonely guy with a num_extend
let me preface by saying ,  that i have spent enough time with my playstation num_num to make this claim .
but if you are looking for a peanut butter alternative ,  this peanut spread is a surprising catastrophe .
in addition ,  it isn t that comfortable to wear for a long period of time .
i had high hopes for this product ,  but it did nothing to aid with weight loss for me .
if the box wasn t open and the glasses scratched .  .  .  . i would have sent them back anyway .
a few minor tweaks that aren t worth mentioning .
the screen looks like a drenched comic book that just got pulled out of the gutter .
i don t know what happened or who approved this ,  but the biscuits turned out like rocks .
they correctly identified that as damaged product which voids the warranty .
after num_num months of use i began having loud vibration noise from inside of the filter .
due to the unpleasant experience ,  i cannot recommend this product .
this xt version came with scratches and would not sit flush on the ipad .
it looks just like it was pictured ,  but i don t like folding it up .
i will not be buying from this seller again .
i think they should have used a stanard size for shoes ,  tops ,  bottoms ,  and hats .
this product claimed it was a charger for iphone num_extend
it was not fun ,  which she anticipated it would be . would not recommend this kit for anyone .
i used a belt sander and it took about num_num seconds each .
it s feb num_extend and i ordered this product on jan num_extend
i wish i didn t purchase this yucky item .
just more money down the drain ,  unless you specifically bought it for the stuffed animal only .
this is the second same bottle i bought thinking that the first one was defective .
i would not recommend these for men s feet due to the width and size .
i have had moderate acne for about num_num years .
after going through a couple of adjustments like less water ,  it still left me wanting more .
they have no volume and very little bass .
this item worked for a day before it completely stopped working .
bad : we have tried just about everything to reduce litter tracking .
i do not think this is worth purchasing for any use whatsoever and suggest you avoid this product .
i ordered two packages ,  and all four screen protectors came with flaws .
after some research on the internet we decided to try another brand .
tried it on my moms iphone num_num not num_extend so at least then it should have been perfect .
well ,  i ve been using it for a week and i haven t seen any change .
we have been using this brand for at least num_num months purchased locally .
meh !  there has to be better boxed mix for pizza out there ,  because this is just nasty .
this device does not seem to penetrate walls well at all .
it didn t remove my makeup very well either .
this is big and bulky and does not look like a phone at all .
i actually didn t even open these because they were too small .
there s really no way to use this case in conjunction with a screen protector .
the product was significantly heavier than many other conditioners i ve used .
i think you would be hard pressed to find a cat that does not like the wl treats . pps .
given the other positive reviews ,  it appears that it could have been just bad luck on my part .
i really wanted to like this ,  but no ,  it had to go back .
seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control .
also ,  it appears to be more stems than leaves .
okay ,  that happens .  second call to customer service was disconnected .
the pears were so green that they were crunchy .
the singing on this keyboard is the single most obnoxious thing i have ever heard in my life .
this case wouldnt protect your phone from anything .
this one lasted longer than other ones  usually gone in num_num minutes  .
in fact ,  i advise that people stay away from this product ,  or take extreme precautions .
this is one of those  you get what you pay for  items ,  and i would not recommend it .
the hard case seems brittle and has some thin areas that look like they will break easily .
after num_num minutes of biking in num_extend degree weather ,  he is beet red and soaked in sweat .
i was really not very impressed with this product .
they squeak when you open the sides of them and they way too cheaply made .
i will not be purchasing this one again .
capcom shows once again that they dont use enough testers for their games .
i ended up getting another brand . would not buy again .
that s a basic function that should have been included for the price .
the carabiner on this case is crap ,  mine broke after just a few uses .
product delivered was not what i had ordered . product was returned and refund was issued .
i am dissapointed and very surprised to say that this toy has not captured my boys interest at all .
when they bump around corners and find their way around mazes ?  it s purely in your mind .
gave num_num star because this product is basically junk .
i also noticed how much thinner the main cable assembly is when compared to other dvi cables .
it was a shame too ,  because the handle on this thing is great !  .
maybe this is good for big dogs but for small dogs i just think it s too harsh .
i bought this thinking it would benefit my bettas but i think it had very little affect on them .
i don t get how this thing is getting such good reviews .
the biggest drawback is it is really hard to clean if you grind coffee .
there is nothing perfect about this game ,  so that right there is false advertising .
sadly ,  matrix :  path of neo isn t much better than enter the matrix .
the only cool thing is the blue motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it s on .
i would not recommend this unit for most computers as the battery is too small to provide reasonable runtime .
i never would have purchased if i d known this in advance .
i contacted the manufacturer and they were very unwilling to stand behind their defective product .
hope you understand !  too much !  do not order from them .
this thing collects dirt like you wouldn t believe .
it just isn t practical to have to struggle to remove your phone when you need it from this case .
just installed this on my wife s num_num toyota num_extend and yes it fits ,  even though amazon says it doesn t .
i have purchased other cases that were the same price but this one sucked .
this netgear print server does not work with the canon num_extend
taste is okay ,  but i didn t eat more than num_num bowl of it .
i had bought num_num containers of soup ,  but will give away the num_extend next time there s a food drive .
stopped using the product to see if that could be the cause . day num_extend irritation lessened .
although advertised to charge the ipad ,  this cable does not .
the case is not strong and it does make your phone look less sophisticated .
i bought this for my husband and its a scent too sharp and overbearing !  not sexy in anyway .
i have purchased defender cases from retailers and from amazon with the same results .
this does not fit the num_extend qt purchased from costco .
it s not about the product ,  per se ,  since it seems to work and function .
i am dissapointed that a high class company like cuisinart makes such a poor quality product .
unfortunately i m not able to recommend this product as it appears to have poor quality control .
you would have to put it in a tightly closed and not very large room to get any effect .
i rated the other flavor and didn t really like it over something like vega ,  but this one ?  yukk .
i have a real problem with these patch cables .
i m going back to using those and won t buy this product again .
it has no conditioning properties whatsoever that i have been able to tell .
my skin sucked it right in and was dry again in about num_num minutes .
num_num num_extend weeks  and have used it on bare floors about num_num times .
i decided to give it a shot ,  and i am honestly disappointed in this game .
the cuisinart is a very disappointing product if you know what can be produced for half the price .
yet they don t seem to last as long as the original ones that came with my camera .
unfortunately she had all of the arms off in less than num_num minutes .
it seems like its an overall good idea but it does not work .
which taste fairly good but i was left without the mushrooms  ,  i will not buy this product again .
i will never order anything from this seller .
the smaller caliber cleaning accessories does not come with it despite the photos .
this item picked up only one channel more than the built in antenna .
they went cheap and i will never buy from them again .
definitely not what i ve come to expect from new balance .
this was the most boring game i ve ever bought .
i felt my hair getting caught on my face because it was so greasy when you start to sweat .
i ve had good experience with linksys before ,  but not now ,  not with this one .
even the  scabs  offered at walmart are a better product than this german engineering marvel of false expectations .
i would give this num_num stars if it had not come in a glass bottle .
everything about this game sucks !  i threw it in the trash !  .
this item just didn t wear well at all .
that s where its heading . i can t be more disappointed with this game .
my niece loves ariel ,  but she hasn t played with these once ,  they are just so cheap .
made sausage for the first time ,  last night .
i ve used cheaper pens that didn t lose as many bristles as this thing does .
only time will tell if i change my opinion of this system .
also ,  the power button was pretty difficult to press ,  and the volume buttons seem pretty cheaply made .
i was sadly disappointed in this order of beans and would not order them again .
the main problem i have with these are that they keep slipping off my boots .
not my style and i did not like that this case was in two pieces .
i ve used dremels for years ,  but have never been entirely happy with them .
i heard great things about this concealer ,  but was quite disappointed by it .
i know that i have not purchased anything from this brand since ,  and not planning to ever again .
as others have taken note ,  it exfoliates well enough ,  but just isn t very good at removing blackheads .
do not give to children for there iphone num_num or num_extend
poor tasting ,  mushy feel ,  not like what i thought they d be like and unlike other similar products .
read all the poor reviews and don t purchase this doll .
i have another vanity fair bra that i really like ,  but not this one .
i really really really would not recommend this to anyone .
i have used this night cream for probably at least num_num years .
i now own an expensive pair of ugg s that have lasted me over num_num years now .
these were so tight i couldn t even get them on my foot ,  and i had to return them .
as far as i m concerned this was a big waste of money .
so the first thing about this is that it is too large .
but i can t because the tip fell out the first time i used the pen .
this kettle was the worst kettle we ever owned .
the suction cups on this thing are completely inadequate .
maybe if you have a very large completely circular wok it may be functional  i dont know  .
i would advise potential buyers to consider this product a gamble at best .
according to my husband you have to play this game for more than num_num hours a day .
i ve owned this belt nearly num_num months now and i am extremely disappointed .
considering the price they are charging for this unit ,  they should have included eye protection .
after num_num months on this ,  very expensive ,  medicine i retested him and now the chemical is at num_extend
bought this to clean out my num_num gallon fish tank .
among other problems with rygar ,  one is that the story and voices are just awful .
it looks good but runs very badly even with a num_extend card .
so i was surprised and disappointed in this product .
this is supposed to be a sticky mount for your dashboard to hold your phone . it doesn t work .
product arrived leaking through exterior box with smell of cloves everywhere .
i bought a cheaper one about a month ago that was bad right out of the box .
i ended up just using white eyeshadow instead . i do not recommend this product .
i had bought much less expensive electric skillets $ range  for the past num_extend some years .
conair  for their shoddy product quality and poor customer service .
they are not very good in my opinion .
this heater worked well enough for my purposes ,  but it was expensive for the low quality .
i have to go way back to num_extend before i find a game this bad . first the good .
however ,  there s so many bad things about this game ,  it was clearly rushed into manufacturing .
this is the worst pos brush i have ever bought .
even though i ve had the machine for about num_num months ,  i ve only gone through num_num sets of cartridges .
this is the worst canned pineapple i have ever tried .
when i started peeling off this tape it stuck ,  tore ,  and left peices stuck to the bars .
this product is advertised as a lubricant but does not contain any lubricant ingredient .
i m not sure where they get that information from ,  but i tried this way first and no improvement .
the only problem with these things are they are way too difficult to get on by yourself .
i had to re wash my hair after using this .
this product just teaches cats to avoid using the litter box .
this phone is extremely frustrating and i would not recommend it .
i have three ferrets ,  a boy who is num_num years old and two girls who are num_extend
not what i am used to in this brand of instant rice noodle soup .
for being one of jawbone s elite earpieces ,  i was very disappointed in this product .
my wife asked what i thought about them ,  and i told her they were terrible .
this product resulted in more constipation compared to using nothing at all .
i am disappointed with this one .  .  .  .  . it goes on very heavy .  .  .  . even after i wipe the brush down .
i was really looking forward to having this tea because of all the positive reviews .
and keep in mind these cars are most likely being controlled by video game writers .
i really poured it out !  the only good thing is that it does last a long time .
this repair stand is ,  without a doubt ,  the worst i have ever owned .
but this toy hasn t been very interesting to my daughter at all .
certainly not worth the money i paid for it .
there is no reason they should make a charger with the cord this short .
i do not recommend this stepper if you are serious about getting a good cardio workout .
i bought this in may of num_num and it s now september num_extend num_extend
i spent some time with netgear tech support and they have not been very helpful .
this product was not very expensive and appears that way .
two lasted less than num_num hours; the other four were dead .
i have to go over it many more times in order to get it okay .
i have tried this product only num_num times since purchasing num_num months ago .
would have made a great stocking stuffer . i would not advise someone to buy from here .
works fine ,  but i gave it num_num stars because these locks are way over priced for what they are .
really wanted to like this ,  as other reviews did .
update : just found out there is a num_num year warranty .
i bought this num_num years ago and did not use it very much .
i used it gently to try and preserve it for more than a season ,  but unfortunately that didn t matter .
it behaves just like any other otterbox . i don t have any idea why i tried one again .
i ve developed dandruff ,  which is a complaint that i ve read from others regarding this product as well .
i do not recommend this product to anyone and i will be returning it .
girls who are what ,  late teens ?  except they act like they are num_extend
i could have bought a num_num for $ more but chose not to because of the swivel !  .
the smell will still be with you num_num days later .
i really hoped to like this but it is just o . k .
have tried it several times in different outlets and after letting it rest for days .
i do not recommend this product it is a big waste of money and a mess !  .
i am extremely disappointed in the quality of this item .
however with this router i am only be albe to connect one computer to the network .
i used this for two weeks without using proxabrushes for my perio problems .
sorry ,  numi tea !  i m sure their other tea products are better than this one .
i do know that i will not buy from vornado again .
i know this game came out a long time ago .
this item should be advertised as not usable with drinkwell fountains with separate rear water reservoirs .
one would have hoped for something reasonable from lucas arts ,  not a ghastly joke of a num_extend game .
if i had heard back from the company ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
first off ,  i had to immediately remove the plastic built in screen protector .
the speakers were no more than num_num feet from the transmitter . do yourself a favor and run wires .
this is the first time i am experiencing such a thing with my amazon order .
water gets cloudy ,  this product has failed to work .
i dont have sensitive eyes ,  but if you do ,  keep caution when using this .
i havent used these brushes yet ,  but i can tell that they are a cheap product .
i love lavender and this was a sad disappointment .
the new firmware has only been out for couple of weeks ,  and i ve only had to reboot once .
if the buttons where elsewhere on the device i think it would work better .
i have had great luck with fiskars products except for this pole saw which has been a disappointment .
they had actually next day this to me because i was leaving and needed a replacement charger .
i sent this one back and bought another one at sam s .
they also have hardly any berries in them .
i wasn t expecting much at all ,  but i got nothing .
i bought this head phones by looking at num_num plus positive reviews and ignoring negative reviews .
i have washed them about num_num times and the soles have split the length of the slipper .
sony needs to learn to play well with other formats ,  vendors ,  etc .
this is the only bra that i have gotten through amazon that did not fit .
another said that his laptop dvd went out on him ,  and he replaced it with this .
contrary to the product information on this item s listing on amazon ,  it is not compatible with the nano num_extend
i bought them based on the reviews ,  but i gave them away since they are too sugary .
this item appears as the seller described but did not work as supposed to .
ok ,  so i read the other reviews before i bought this dress .
after several years of using this i am at the end of my rope .
this is not much more than an on off switch for the sets of speakers .
!  ?  ?  i have used it less than num_num months and here i am looking for another scooper .
oxo must be using poor ,  lower grade steel to save costs and raise profits .
it looks nice ,  but doesn t work like the good and oldie !  too bad .
so far i have had no problems with it in my num_num weeks of ownership .
i will not purchase this product again . what a waste of money .
i don t know what this term means in respect to this set .
whose recipe is this ?  save your money get something worth having .
this was the second time i tried this type of cell phone from another vendor .
to me ,  this seems like a giant eyeshadow and nothing like a bronzer .
other than that ,  there isn t much to say .
i wasted num_num screen protectors and just decided to not use it anymore .
i gave these a try but they didn t seem to work for me .
casual gamers need to take note that this is a very difficult game on any setting .
i was excited to like this product but it was just not good quality .
it took about num_num weeks for my child to decide that it was more hassle than fun .
this game has no idea what it is ,  or even what its supposed to be .
both also have peanuts as the first ingredient ,  followed by num_num forms of sugar as the num_extend and num_extend
i have this router and just bought the linksys num_extend to replace it .
they give terrible customer service and do not stand behind their product .
i ve been collecting knives for over num_num years .
that s the thing we all risk with internet buying ,  you can t pick it up and feel the product .
i thought i was buying a product made by meyer ,  instead i received a pot from farberware .
this is not worth the num_num bucks i paid for it .
i bought the spray along with it and it didn t work either .
i only used it when i found num_num pound bags of starbuck s french roast at t . j .
i will not get this product next time .
for other devices this might be ok ,  otherwise don t bother if it s for the iphone .
eight months in ,  we really don t like this product .
other than the graphics this game is terrible .
i have never stored more than num_num pictures .
they are extremely sharp ,  but i can t help but feel like i ve wasted about $ on these three knives .
i ll finish the box ,  but will not be buying them again .
i would not waste your money on this product .
i just bought this model and used it for only two times .
the other big problem is that the seal also acts as a button to dispense soap .
i lost the paperwork  which had the factory code  over the course of the year that i owned this .
i cannot determine which chemical in the candy causes this . i will not purchase these again .
i almost threw these out with the packaging that amazon sent them in .
i bought this product for very cracked fingertips and dry feet .
these were very flimsy and the clasp broke soon after i bought these .
it s not like i used this product a lot either .
tried replacing with a plastic jingle ball but that didn t do much better .
these have num_num calories and num_num from fat .
other than that it s just way too much for daily wear .
i tried to mix num_num pill with several different types of food ,  and they could taste it every time .
num_num years ago when this was released ,  maybe it had performance ?  not today ,  not for me .
hey ,  everything doesn t work for everyone and this certainly did nothing for me .
i believe it scares and hurts our cats and that s not what any of us want to do .
i have never been a fan of this series but not because i have some bias towards ea .
i contacted them again and they resent one which i received in a day or two .
if payless had my kids size i could have bought four pairs for the price of one keen .
i would never recommend one of these new models .
the plastic mounts feel like they will break .
after using the product for almost num_num months i noticed that it gave me acne .
bought num_num cables for my num_extend after reading many reviews but none of them is working .
please for the safety of your dog ,  do not use this product ,  it is not worth the risk .
this sub sounds like a dyi project that doesn t sound quite right and needs more tuning .
they are interesting ,  but would not buy them again .
we returned . the second purchase was at full price from another seller .
my first impression of these shoes was that they were not as cute as i expected .
didn t seem to hold a charge any better than the original .  .  . wouldn t bother wasting your time .
they should have added more to the career mode ,  like getting offers from sponsers depending on how you re doing .
this bag would only work for someone who has very little camera equipment ,  one body ,  two lenses .
don t wear them . they also give me foot cramp if i stand on these for too long .
i d give this a num_num star only because it can t go any lower . bought this router about num_num months ago .
this was one of the worst tasting coffee s i have ever tried .
the food inside was scimpy and not the quality you would expect from a gift basket .
they re cheap ,  but i wouldn t bother with these even if they were free .
it s very frustrating not to be able to use this product .
the instructions were too difficult to understand and play .
but would i recommend this toy or either of the other two similar ones ?  no way .
there is no information on the website i could find that said this was an imported item .
the handles aren t long enough to keep it from hiitting your heels .
seems well constructed . the bad news :  it s held on to a belt by hooks only ,  no belt loops .
i really did not like this neutrogena ultra sheer sunblock mist .
this case is cheap and the only protection your phone has is the for the back .
if you are looking for a cheap alternative to the apple version ,  this is not it for newer macbooks .
this actually taste like a box chocolate cake that you just added a little too much water into .
it doesn t work with my nexus ,  my htc htc evo ,  my galaxy num_num or my motorola droid .
this headphone proved my notion wrong . the sound quality is awfully bad .
guess what ,  i have not bought a single num_num east product after they went down that road .
frankly ,  it was so disgusting i had to spit it out . others have tried them and liked them .
out of all my dogs num_extend greyhounds  ,  num_num gulp their food as if they have never been fed before .
didn t care for the taste or texture and neither did several friends and family members .
there is absolutely no reason for the pills to be this big .
i have been trying this pawz for a week .
wonder how long they d last out there in his shop ?  ?  ?  .
if not for  nc  nc   s review this product would have been worthless .
disappointed in a level of product like this that would use a poor quality of spray bottle .
i thought this would be a pure pass thru on the num_num pin connector ,  it is not .
what we found when we played for many hours last night was dissappointment and frustration .
at this price i don t deserve to be treated like a software pirate .
i would not buy this product again nor would i suggest it to anyone .
people couldn t hear me ,  i couldn t hear them .
i would suggest that if one does not work for you to not give up .
i would not buy them again . bummer !  it is so hard to find a good slipper .
after num_num hours of reboots ,  i got all my devices  including ip cams  working .
brilliant . the absolute worst thing about this game is the loading periods and incessant voice commands of the a . i .
i ordered this to replace metacam which is extremely expensive .
i purchased this at a local store ,  not from amazon .
it s just as loud as any hair dryer i have ever used and it s never cool .
i definately don t mind paying for quality ,  but this was not worth the price .
if you have any type of curve to your body these pants will not work .
it s now time to replace this  most used knife in the kitchen  .
i would say this is probably the worst router i have ever owned .
apparently to bolster their corporate bottom line they have taken steps to cheapen the product and diminish its quality .
however ,  i get no picture on my monitor with this cable .
if sony is so secure about it s product then why would it do this .
i really liked this leash and bag combo but it is of poor quality .
i get that they arent the seller ,  but as an amazon customer this upset .
my second ,  this one ,  lasted for num_num months .
may e someone else would like them ,  but .  .  . ewwwwww !  .
i run num_num days a week and lift at the gym num_num days .
the gameplay was so boring ,  couldn t even keep my attention span over num_num num_extend
received it quickly but didn t use for about num_num weeks  after amazon s return period  .
when you think of cutting boards you think of something that holds on ,  this is flimsy .
i ordered this for a friend ,  he never received it . sincerely , ira carmel .
but this stuff made me feel worse after trying it for num_num days .
that being said ,  it doesn t interface nicely with my droid x .
and if i m going to go through all that ,  i may as well make the sauce from scratch .
beware that if your of a larger bust but not dd then this dress will be too large .
perhaps this only occurs with homemade yogurt that has live cultures ,  don t know .
i installed this on my galaxy num_extend num_num days ago and the corners are both peeling up already .
i just called ,  and without even actually asking them for another ,  they sent one out for free .
i was really hoping this toothpaste would work ,  based on all the reviews .
it is not very sturdy and does not hold up well .
i don t care for chocolate mint ,  not even in ice cream ,  so i never would have ordered this flavor .
do yourself a favor and don t buy this piece of junk .
they also have some cheap plastic parts with rough finish .
on top of that ,  the brushes shed all over my face ,  even though i have barely cleaned them .
there were very few tiny chunks of ham .  .  . diced much smaller than i remember they used to be .
also ,  the heat lasted only about five minutes or so ,  without me even drinking anything .
the only anti glare film is polarized film ,  but that would not work in this application only anti reflective .
if you have other options i suggest you to try any other product before buying this .
if you have a melon head you may not want to wear these for long periods of time .
the only reason this has num_num stars is because of all the characters .
on a windy day everyone i call ends up hangup on me because all they hear is background noise .
it runs on num_num c batteries  not included  and activates when you slide and hold the button .
the color is much darker than pictured ,  and it is a mess .
had that been the case ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
it even comes with a hole plug if you decide to take the clip off .
anyway i wanted a replacement and ordered this item .
it didn t take much to toss this in the trash .
just attempted to install amfilm premium screen protector film for iphone num_extend on two of my phones .
when it worked it was ok but very disappointed that the product crapped out so fast .
this is impossible with the mountek mount :  you have to use two hands .
after about a month the clasp gives out and won t stay shut .
exactly num_num months after i started taking fertilaid ,  i finally o d today with the help of clomid .
the buckle on this one came broken ,  it will not disengage with out a struggle .
also ,  the unit was never bumped ,  jostled or anything else that would have caused the bottle to come loose .
when i first bought this ,  the zipper seemed fine ,  but now i know it is a very cheap zipper .
i would not recommend or buy this product or products like it again .
received them and while they were well packaged i was thoroughly disappointed in what i saw in the view .
what kinda game is this ?  i thought this would be an awsome game !  but no ,  its not that great .
i bought this because i ran out of what i normally use  menopause moisture creme by better health naturally  .
to put it simply ,  to perhaps the biggest final fantasy fan ever , me ,  i was totally diappointed by this game .
i was using this for around num_num years for regular browsing ,  email ,  chat etc .
i have owned this cuisinart waffle maker for going on num_num years .
it s not very investigative either ,  but it feels like more of an adventure ,  and its just as creepy .
i would caution buyers who are considering buying from lizards for peace to think it over .
well ,  i m still unimpressed by everything about this product .
no directions were included ,  so i did the best i could in getting it together .
but i just received this bottle and it s empty .
i was really excited to try these ,  but none of my dogs like this .
i have been looking for a shoe like this for a long time .
chinese made products are beyond questionable when it comes to dog edibles .
it took about num_num hours to charge the phone about % of my thunderbolt s battery .
i don t use them very often ,  so i thought they would last a long time .
he can only have organic snacks .  .  . this isnt totally organic after all .  .  . caused supset stomack as well .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks now ,  and i see num_num difference .
they are only used num_num times a week at most .
there is a minimal reduction in background noise ,  but some of this noise is replaced with a hiss .
i purchased num_num of these items to use with my band for the guitarists .
bought this to hold the alien tool  it didn t come with a way to attach it to the bike  .
and i ve had several for over num_num years .
so i ordered myself some but it takes forever ro receive it !  so im giving only num_num stars !  .
i didn t see any difference with the use of this product .
i ve installed mounts for my num_num samsung num_extend and num_extend led tvs with no problems for num_num years .
as others have said ,  but i did not notice ,  this is not for break barrel pellet rifles .
the last two examples of this coffee maker barely lasted six months each !  .
you will most like skip on this product; or ,  any sunscreen product containing the mentioned toxin .
he complains that he can t just make whatever creature he wants and play with it in different stages .
it probably won t arrive until february !  it s going to take num_num months for delivery !  just a warning !  .
overall ,  i wouldn t purchase a mophie case again .
of all the wheels i have owned ,  and that is many ,  this is by far the worst yet .
i would recommend spending your money on a different color  not gold ,  the gold was even worse .   .
i gave this num_num stars only because it will cover up the redness; however ,  it will not cure it .
it was good at first but it went bad really fast . hope this review helps .
i ordered this because i wanted magnesium citrate in a smaller num_num mg dose .
over all ,  i regret buying this item ,  and should have bought him another squeak toy instead .
this was one of the worst games i ve ever seen in my life next to operation europe and populous .
i foolishly purchased this router a year ago when it was on sale with a mail in rebate .
these are horrible items and i really recommned the traditional cookie sheet .
really not much to say about this item .
i generally don t leave bad reviews ,  but this was just plain not worth the money .
i never could use this product because it felt like sandpaper around my eyes .
some have been better than others ,  but none have been like this .
other than being very pretty ,  i don t get why this game has such high reviews .
overall i will never buy from new harbor ever again .
we just didn t have enough fun with it to do that .
i bought this because of the good reviews but it is absolutely horrible tasting coffee .
this newest one i got my cat lasted for about num_num hours of play .
i do have to be careful and this product didn t work out for me .
i love shea butter ,  however i am heart broken that this product did not work for me .
the first time i tried it ,  it felt like it was shredding my hair .
i ve made about five total batches with this machine ,  each resulting in a messy boilover .
this is the last time i order from this company .
i was absolutely shocked at how awful the chunky chocolate chip cookies were .
a num_num year old can easily pull it down but did not seem to interested in playing with it .
i actually would give this product num_num stars if it was properly packaged .
i have nothing but cons for this product .
this fairly means thata new bottle needs to be purchased every num_num months .
i will not be buying any harmony house products in the future .
i tried several times but ended up ordering the wrong size .
more like num_num times to attempt to do a good job .
i was very excited to get these ,  but they were a big disappointment .
i think this product is a little to complicated for what ever num_extend world country is assembling them .
this item had mostly good reviews but did not work for me .
i did not feel that it was sharpening well ,  and i returned it .
i purchased this product thinking it would be safe to feed my dog .
all in all ,  i am disappointed with this purchase .
i m very disappointed that ea released this game so early with so many bugs .
i would not recommend this to someone paying for the test strips .
as others have said ,  the extenders are flimsy and slip when you re trying to cut on the board .
i think that this is a dangerous product .
i couldn t even figure out how to talk with this box .
don t do it !  !  !  !  don t buy panasonic . panny states clearly in there product info that the bulbs will last num_extend hours .
i have other socks in the same rotation that are still going after three years .
you may lose a shot or num_num waiting for this thing to focus on the subject .
i hate this case and have been using it to hold my art supplies instead .
the second time they sent the version with the plastic handle .
they are ok for shuffling around the house and stuff .
it broke the first time i used it .
this thing broke on me after num_num months .
it is intermittent at best . don t wast your money .
i am num_num months postpartum with twins and still have a ways to go .
this one looked just like the one i wanted to replace .
contrary to other reviewers ,  mine has lasted for about num_num years .
when it came there was a hole in one of the sooo many pockets this coat has .
very disappointed after reading all the good reviews .
this unit was a little flimsy when i installed it .
i not sure what prompted me to buy it in the first place .
needless to say ,  this case has and will be sitting in my drawer for awhile .
i would not recommend this machine as a primary machine if you are wanting to block out other noises .
immunity ?  well i didn t get sick ,  but then i haven t had a cold or the flu in several years .
please note that this only seems to be the case with the current  sept .
once i ve it ,  i was very dissapointed with the weight of this power supply .
i purchased num_num of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews .
i also bought lypo gold in the past which also had that spoiled smell .
flavor only lasts a couple of minutes; much less than the other flavors .
after reading all the reviews ,  i was excited to try this mascara .
i think they also really dislike having to jump in there  it s quite high  .
the usb cable that comes with this is very cheap and not name brand at all .
i really wanted this to work because i am trying to improve my health .
in theory ,  any bluetooth headset will work with a num_extend
my dogs used to love these when they were chicken  strips  .
i must have read more than % of the reviews on amazon about the product .
why amazon would consider this  unsweetened almond milk  is beyond my imagining .
i would not recommend this bra to anyone .
unfortunately ,  we cannot get this unit to pair with any of three cell phones  iphone num_extend two new nokias  .
i think i came in last every time .
in my opinion ,  this newer version isn t as well made .
they could have made a more reasonable sized scooper and called for more scoops per serving .
was looking forward to using the case with my phone .
this is not a good quality product . btw my phone is a sg sii skyrocket .
it was really thin and watery and wore off after about num_num seconds .
was great until it i started getting intermittent memory card error messages after about two years .
and the roll itself is actual smaller than a regular paper towel roll .
i won t bother buying this stuff ever again .
i learned the hard way that this product is a major rip off !  .
it is way too small even after i bought a size bigger than i normally would .
even num_num year old tired of it immediately .
doesn t anybody actually use these things before they manufacure them ?  ?  ?  ?  .
they all look like their on steroids and they hunch around the field like large gorillas .
but my num_num month old chessie has ripped the cover off in less than num_num minutes .
there s a reason why it s on clearance ,  clearly it s not worth the full price  build quality ,  comfort  .
would stop working despite replacing batteries ,  need to press the car for the remote to work about num_num seconds .
i gave up after a half hour due to about num_num minutes of the half hour being cut scenes .
at this point i am not sure what to do .  .  . i guess just keep working with it .
i purchased this despite having read the awful reviews ,  hoping that it would work in my case .
i suppose they are better than nothing but i m really not happy with them .
i didn t really like using it that much ,  it was messy .
it was also much smaller than i expected it to be .
i swear im not buying this flavor again ,  nor would i recommend it .
i got stuck in a creek bed which was much softer than i thought .
that player does not have the num_extend which is fine with me .
when the call did work and came through the caller complained of excessive background noise .
i ve had the num_num for about num_num months now .
i like some of burt bees products ,  however ,  i am not happy with this one .
i just wish he was forced to use it and waste as much time as i have with it .
i was super excited to get this toy for my son  we opened the box about num_num minutes ago  .
i really wanted to like this and it smelled great but did nothing to mask body odor .
the filling does not taste like pumpkin !  it tastes sugary but ,  not particularly like anything else .
i expect them to be better made than having rust after a few use .
other than that ,  not the greatest but i really had low expectations for the price i paid for it .
this unit lasted num_num months before it died .
this camera is at least num_num years old .
would ve been really pissed if i didn t spend less than num_num bucks on it .
the only positive about this mayonnaise is that it does not have genetically modified soy oil or corn oil .
i bought that after getting the low ,  low price from amazon months in advance .
bought this one to replace my num_num cal that was worn completely out .
its rubbery ,  fits too loosely around the phone .
it never really impressed me as far as the perceived quality went .
this product is very bad and the quality is also bad .
this product has a very short cord ,  i did not realize how short until i received it .
i ordered num_num of these for my daughter s bicycles .
i can not synchronize that palm with my desktop using windows num_extend
i guess pictures of product does not mean that is what u get  ?  ?  .
i don t like the look of the photos with this filter .
personally ,  i wouldn t have gone with this item because ,  well ,  it s bulky and looks like cheap plastic .
got this for my num_num year old and i played some with him and it is pretty lame .
it is disappointing because it was a great looking case .
thought this would be nice replacement but he actually would not drink out of it .
after num_num minutes it will barely hold altitude and soon hits lvc .
after a num_num hour silence ,  i sent a reminder that was ignored as well .
that is why it doesn t show this review as an amazon verified purchase .
i need something for her kennel ,  so don t really have much of a choice but to deal with this .
but for some reason the fiber didn t do much for me ,  if you know what i mean .
i m not a fanatic ,  but i ve been playing steadily now for num_num years .
i feel like i have to use extra body wash to get this crap off my skin .
i got this for a decent price ,  but the quality of these supplies is pretty bad .
they ve changed these filters from what they used to be .
i used to love this stuff ,  but i am wondering if they changed their formula .
i have been trying to zero this and every time i try to adjust nothing happens .
another thing i hated about the mouse is that it s always on even when the computer s off .
this scratching post lasted about num_num seconds actually leaning up against my wall .
it doesn t mill very well so nothing much comes through the sieve . very badly designed .
and several times when the batteries have been replaced the bulb blew out and they re difficult to find .
this product was sent to me broken and actually drained my battery when i set it in .
they either have dark and ugly colors on or many different bright colors on .
we ve been using it on af  fan only  for about num_num mos .
what is this ,  num_extend oh ,  and heaven help you if you pass a checkpoint with low health .
but after about num_num was the case was really dirty .
i have reapplied the product num_num times ,  same results .
i would not have purchased this if i had known this .
it is very very very hard to push the power button as other reviewers have pointed out .
i tried it with and without the other case cover .
it also needs to be shortened slightly to avoid lower edge interfering with the magazine .
when he was working on it ,  he didn t seem that concerned with making great games for it .
i am sure it would work for some ,  but for me it was a disaster .
did not like this item ,  was not worth the money .
i will never buy gold from amazon again its the only time i have been disappointed by amazon .
once you choose the stencil to use ,  they are flimsy ,  awkward and clumsy to work with .
they have no smell and are a slick plastic texture .
this makes it very difficult to make accurate cuts .
i purchased this for our turtle tank and returned it num_num days later .
i am disappointed  ,  to say the least with ,  with this product .
the second unit emitted the same awful burning smell . went through the same incredibly long wait to customer service .
naturally i would never buy an oneida product again .
needless to say based on the reviews i was really excited to find this straightener .
now shake it for about num_num minutes ,  until it turns into ice cream .
the only thing that is remotly fun about this game are the vehicles .
i would definitely not going to recommend this to anyone .
i felt so nauseated after eating just one ,  and they do not taste anything like chocolate chip cookies .
the first time we used it ,  it had a burning odor .
when i bought these ,  i thought they d fast charge a samsung galaxy note num_extend but they don t .
i saw it got mixed reviews here on amazon ,  i should have leaned toward the negative ones .
at first i was very pleased with it ,  but three months down the road i am very disappointed .
we have tried several pairs of rubber boots ,  trying to find a brand that will last .
i would not have purchased this item had i known it was packaged ,  or whatever ,  in china .
i had never seen anything like this until yesterday at this site .
my girlfriend used this case for months ,  and within the first weeks the pink began to fade .
after reading al the reviews ,  i tried this product and do not like the consistency .
if it wasn t for these two issues ,  i would have rated num_num stars .
i don t know what is different about this oil ,  but it gives me constant ,  noxious gas .
i received my pair of jvc num_extend today from amazon and will be promptly returning them .
however one of the teeth in the rake broke off the very first time i used it .
not what i would have expected from a kitchenaid product .
i used this product about num_num times before i was done with it .
i ve read reviews out there from people who have had great success with this tool ,  but not me .
i ordered this product because my hair tends to be very dry and i sometimes have breakage .
however ,  the base on our red one is metal also  copper apparently  ,  with a plastic bottom .
i ve searched the internet several times for cheats ,  and none of them work as described .
this is cheap and not durable at all !  i would not buy this again .
also it took almost num_num months for the package to arrive .
i plan to keep these ,  but i wouldn t buy insulated cookie sheets again .
i would not purchase this item again ,  nor do i recommend it .
to give you an idea ,  each tab has a width of a dental floss and only about num_extend long .
they taste just fine ,  they re just broken and crumbly .
i gave up on this one after about num_num hours .
monster may be a great company with other products ,  but this product was a flop .
so i tried baking in this num_num different times did everything recommended so it didn t stick .
bought two of these window sitters . they will not stay up .
saddly this charger has begun to have issues with the micro usb end of the supplied ac adapter .
but the problem ,  then ,  is that the hardcore have seen games much better than this .
it doesn t add any weight or bulk which is what i was looking for in a case .
the good reviews written about this and other calphalon cookware pieces from this line are dated .
i think that this powder didnt come in the color it shows .
this should be a num_num piece set : all clad num_num piece stainless steel toolthat s my only complaint about this product .
but after repeated use ,  my daughter and i both realized that out skin was feeling dryer and dryer .
it s either too hot when you take it out of the microwave or not warm enough .
they are nothing more than minature pop tarts .
but based on my experience i don t recommend this one .
i urge all people to wait before purchasing this game now .
borderline dangerous because it comes apart in pieces big enough to get stuck in a dog s throat .
some people like the smell of coffee on their face ,  others don t .
i just don t like this product because my num_num cats don t like it .
i ve had this brush for over a year and it just sits in my drawer .
it s like a big plastic bubble over the face of the phone ,  and it is very hard to use .
if you want to buy this game at least rent it first ,  or if not ,  it s your funeral .
additionally if the watch was unrepairable they would not send a replacement watch .
i know ,  because num_num days would have been in my credit card s policy to request a refund .
some people can t stand its odor ,  while others aren t fazed .
although i have used and enjoyed several stevia products ,  this one was a complete failure on my taste buds .
if you like your hair don t buy this .
i have now resorted to using it for dog shampoo !  would not recommend .
this one is very ,  very ,  hard to swallow with a glass of anything .
the leap frog house is about num_num inches high and about num_num inches wide and deep .
overall ,  very unhappy with this product and will be returning for a full refund .
looked like a good idea ,  but this just doesn t work .
very well constructed but it has a design flaw that makes it useless .
they must know that the part is no good and being looking for rebuys .
these socks are super thin ,  and improperly sized !  i wear a size num_num num_extend shoe .
it s just past the num_num days so i can t return it .
disclosure :  i use this with a nokia num_extend and have not tested it with other phone models .   .
i have tried cleaning the tiny beads with intermittent success .
the oral b also has a bottom compartment that can be unscrewed probably to change out the battery .
save yourself the trouble and try to find something that is stainless steel .
simply terrible and unacceptable . i don t really understand how the quality of these boots has gotten so bad .
this gba game is quite challenging ,  but that s not my problem with it .
these aren t terrible ,  just not appreciated in this household .
edges and around the home button lacks adhesion and the surface looks terrible .
how is that going to lighten your skin ?  maybe because you d scrape num_num layers off with ground up shells ?  ?  .
if you want a rubber frisbee that actually flies ,  do not purchase this product .
i got this for my verizon iphone num_num and while the case looks great ,  its useless .
i purchased num_num of these hoses with what was supposed to be a lifetime guarantee .
the only good thing about this cleaner is that the shipping was free .
i ve done that now more than once ,  and i tossed the case in the trash after the second time .
add the num_extend and the muffled sound makes the headphones with volume control totally useless .
i really like now brand ,  but this product is no good .
would have been a three  nothing more or less than expected ,  so no plus or minus  otherwise . take care , lee .
i tried everything from unplugging it to retuning the frequency with no success .
after only one weeks usage this stuff produced a ridiculous amount of mold .
it s cheap poorly made crap from china and not even worth the one star on this review .
i would also like to point out that this case will not protect your phone in case it drops .
i was trying to avoid yet another electric gadget ,  so picked this item up at the hardware store .
i had these headphones for maybe a couple of years before they died .
i eventually purchased another one from a gaming store that was in much better condition .
i will not be buying these shorts in the future ,  because they should fit like regular boy shorts .
their website tech support area is no help . i would not buy one of these again .
i will not be buying this kind of thing online anymore .
they informed me that they had been bought by another company and they didn t have a forwarding number .
while i generally like skechers products ,  i would not recommend this particular shoe .
the thing is .  .  . this had already been done plenty of times before and it s been done much better .
the cushion would not work at all with this chair and that is when i returned it .
my num_num year old got a set of these blocks for christmas and was frustrated with them immediately .
this game features the worst controls i have ever seen in any game .
i have been painting my nails for decades ,  but this product will not go on evenly .
mine worked  kinda  for about num_num months ,  then died completely .
i turn it down to num_num degrees ,  my tank fluctuates between num_num and num_extend
of course it was the second use and past the point that i could return to amazon .
from reading the reviews here i was hoping that it maintained its sparkly effect .
i used this product for over a year with no gain ,  no added thickness ,  no difference at all .
it doesn t last very long ,  even when i set it with powder .
the wrong end of this dog smells better than her breath .
these earrings are cheap looking and not worth the price .
previously i had hated these because they seemed very bland to me .
i am very ,  very disappointed with this headset .
i would not recommend spending your money on this one .
i have had a few other lame prior to this one .
apparently it  might  also only contain about half that ,  in my case ,  num_num bags .
so i have been experimenting with as many shavers as i can .
i decide to put this product on my phone ,  several problems .
there is no real evidence that this product works .
i m pretty sure that no other game has used this story .
this is by far the worst oil blotting paper i ve ever used .
i wish i could return them but too late for that .
i m totally done with these  body  or  ladies  shavers  !  they re junk .
but this smell thing was not a problem for quite a long time .
i have had good luck with verbatim in the past but these disks suck .
first thing i noticed is there is not a nice aroma coming from my cup .
i have had plenty of good puppy papers and these are not it .
that way i know that it hasn t been sitting on a shelf for a long time .
there are so many other knife selections out there that are much better .
this product is just below average if you ask me ,  and i have never been thrilled with its performance .
i would not recommend this game to people looking to play a couples  game night .
as they used ups ,  and ups does not handle with care this tends to happen .
i do not like the fact that there is no fly opening .
i bought these originally thinking they were honey and sesame .
i ve only had this filter about num_num months and it is already loose in the frame .
i was very disappointed when i received this bench transfer chair .
i purchased this for my num_num yr old grandaughter . she was thrilled ,  but i wasn t .
applied this anyway and num_num weeks later i m in the market for new screen protectors .
booooo !  bunch of fake employee reviews for cheap as day made in china teapots .
perhaps the seller has changed this product just for my order .
it didn t happen and after num_num weeks my waistline is still the same .
i like the look but man this thing is cheapo .
i don t even use this case anymore ,  i used it for num_num days .
the first time you sub the baking soda for shampoo ,  you might not love the results .
i am very disappointed with this and now apparently i am stuck with it .
very first piece of outdoor equipment that i ve bought that just stopped working after a short usage period .
after about num_num months the power button dissapeared inside the camera .
the the furniture looks like a paper craft project that you punch out of a children s magazine .
seemed to make me more stressed out and not allow me to deal with stress well .
these were very expensive when they first came out .
i bought this locally at petland of fairfax va and my experience with this product was bad .
i could not recommend this to anyone who cherishes their taste buds .
the palm site had a patch that worked for about num_num minutes .
i ve been using the linksys num_extend and thought i would be upgrading .
i have a toy poodle and this tool is too large to use safely with her ears .
sucks ,  but i ve learned not to buy this product or any products from this seller again .
the materials used in the knife appeared to be of very good quality ,  but the workmanship was horrible .
i bought this based on the reviews ,  and i wasn t impressed .
oh yes ,  mine looks totally different than the one in the picture .
i only used it a couple times then gave it away .
there s not that much laying down space unless they are curled up .
took me a while to realize that the holes were caused by the nubs in these dryer balls .
needless to say they do not work very well for this purpose .
so save your money; stay away from these products and their outrageous claims .
fast forward to num_num months later and i decide to buy this product at target .
odds are there s nothing wrong with them and many will pop on subsequent attempts .
i was really looking forward to playing with this toy .
there is a sugar source that will never be in my kitchen .
i purchased num_num henckel knives and this sharpner . the knives lost their sharpness almost immediately .
this case is also thicker and not as well finished as the previous version .
this is a blue colored shampoo with little or no significant smell .
i ve been using skincare with parabens for num_num or so years ,  and they haven t hurt me yet .
does not protect the phone at all and leaves little stones all over the place .
the photo ,  price and description matched ,  but the product received does not .
we ve been dating num_num years and this is the num_extend belt i ve gotten him .
it does what it s supposed to do ,  leaves my hands clean but the smells leaves something to be desired .
i have tried using other veet wax strips for the legs and they work well but not this one .
after num_num years of use it leaks constantly and pours inconsistently .
i will not buy from this company again and wouldn t recommend it to anyone .
it has samsung markings but it does not charge the phone .
using just a bit makes me look like i have a ton of make up caked on .
do your research before investing in this low cost grooming system .
it is so messy and irritating to clean and fool with this thing too .
in any case ,  make sure it works before you find yourself in the woods unable to start a fire .
i bought these based on positive reviews ,  but my results were poor .
if you have a larger head i would not recommend anything in this line .
every time i plug this so called  product  into iphone num_extend it says  impossible to charge with this device  .
thought these would be good for my mtb cables ,  but they are way too large in diameter .
this would cost far more than num_extend to install a very inexpensive pin .
this is one of the strangest products that i have ever reviewed .
i ll try and not repeat what others have said .
what happened to gerber ?  they used to make good quality products ,  now they just make cheap junk .
we have been using a soft padded lunch box instead .
i was hoping to get a ball that bounced erratically when thrown but this one does not .
as other reviewers have said ,  you can definately taste the fake sugar taste in the hot chocolate .
what happened to the old bed buddy . this product was manufactured in at least two different generations .
this product does not work on all num_extend systems .
well these are the very worst storage containers that i ever purchased at this high price .
this is the worst mascara i ve tried in a long time .
i would not recommend these chips at all .
i miss the old case logic . i rate num_num stars because inside the case kinda similar but not the same .
i literally felt like the stay puff marshmellow man on this product .
i went out on a limb and tried these hoping they would provide the same effect as energy drinks .
if you have num_num slots ,  you ll be much better off  and it ll be cheaper !   buying num_extend
kids are less likely to get into the product ,  but it s not really worth the chance .
as of march num_extend num_num they have fallen apart and are not repairable .
there are cracks and crevices everywhere ,  which makes cleaning this unit a chore .
i do not recommend any rio products because of poor customer service  which you will eventually need  .
this has been going on for over num_num weeks ,  so now my unit won t record at all .
i thought the fluval name meant quality ,  but not in this case .
what may be the worst though is that battery life is very poor in the  alert  mode .
such a bummer since i spent about num_num hours highlighting my hair with no happy end result .
i purchased num_num and all five of them have the same problem .
they don t even look like the picture on the outside .
expensive ,  if you must back up everything to two seagate drives in case num_num fail at the same time .
after reading all the reviews i was hopeful that this would work out .
bought this has a num_extend spare cable for fiancee ,  it broke very quickly .
is that what this product is supposed to do ?  i threw this product away .
i brought this based on the reviews ,  and they arent accurate .
had i never gotten sick after taking the product it would have gotten num_num stars .
this is one of the most irritating video baseball games i have ever seen .
then ,  after about num_num weeks ,  the replacement one quit working .
none of them gives me any problem !  i will never go for this brand again .
i really didn t like the flavor of this coffee at all .
everyone i know who has this game was forced to buy the guide to go with it .
i don t think he will ever eat dry food ,  especially not this .
i found this product too bulky and not easy to use for a daily basis .
the knobs also looked like they are not in the exact places they should be .
i found every piece of the igo to be inferior quality and not worth the money .
they are flimsy ,  warped the first time we used the pan ,  are much smaller than you d think .
this is my least favorite purchase from amazon in a long time .
at this point i would not recommend this hair treatment .
after you own this for num_num months or more it sucks .
i would say that the mildew has actually gotten worse over the last year ,  not better .
gave to our puppy ,  she had ate the entire thing in less than num_num minutes .
this is not a good product at any price .
this product was recommended by my doctor ,  but it is not what he said it would be .
sometimes it may not even work !  !  i would not recommend this item .
otherwise ,  it is so cumbersome with very little going on .
at first i thought this was just caused by my location .
the material is very heavy and bulky ,  and rough ,  as if they are to be used in construction .
however ,  the stainless steel line is so hard to clean .
i wish i had known about this  feature  before purchasing this scanner .
used it a couple of times and purigen leaches through the bag only leaving half the purigen .
tossed the bags ! will not order sprouted seeds again ! something obviously went wrong or was done wrong in their processing !  .
as others have noted ,  the day pusher would be infinitely more useful as a date pusher .
when i drink hot chocolate ,  i like to put marshmallows in it ,  but there s no way with this one .
i expected the mirror screen protector to be like the one i have on my iphone right now .
you d think it would have been made better to allow no flaws with touching the images on the book .
this charger actually charged the phone num_num times and then just stopped charging .
i m glad it was so cheap ,  but i regret buying this product .
my issues with them are the size and hardness of the soles .
i have been using this for several months and i see no difference at all .
this foot shaver is the worst i have ever encountered in my life .
i bought two of these as christmas stocking stuffers for my kids ,  ages num_num and num_extend
i used this in conjunction with the effacer k .  .  . oh boy what a mess this left behind .
i cannot say that it has done anything and will not be buying this product again .
i still have to worry about the contents of my backpack getting wet ,  though admittedly less than before .
the product that was sent to me was wrong ,  didn t even look like the picture at all .
not sure what caused this ,  charger works fine for all owned samsung original batteries .
i have a num_num quart bowl ,  these are five quart lids ,  simple ?  no ,  not really .
i still do not know what to do with this pink thing that fell out of the box .
after one second of having this in my mouth ,  i quickly realized that .
do not expect vornado heaters to last more than num_num winters ,  if you are lucky .
out of the box ,  it looks black when you apply it to your hand .
you must do this blindly and at first it is just easier to take the headset off .
this is supposed to be dust free or very little ,  and it was horrible with the dust .
it developed an unpleasant smell and doesn t feel like a % formulation .
the wire bits aren t sharp ,  which makes these safe to put on ,  but lousy grips !  .
we tried just giving all three of our dogs these things as treats and they didn t eat them .
i use other wen products and this is my least favorite .
i would not recommend this to anyone . a very unhappy customer .
have had this thing for about a year and i give up .
that thoughtlessness makes this product a zero when it could have been a hero .
if i can t resolve this problem i will likely find another router .
i own several other brushes and none have been this bad .
the expiration is not until august ,  num_extend which is num_num months away .
i m sure they bought it from someone else because they would never have designed something this badly .
the biggest problem with this keyboard is that key travel is not smooth .
i called the company and they confirmed that they do not seal the product .
they work very poorly and were a total waste of money .
i never had this problem before ,  with any covers i ve ever owned .
i ve tried several carol daughter products ,  hated all of them !  .
this game is sheer torture for the parents that have to play it .
num_num stars only because it does what it claims .
according to my personal experience ,  much of this product passes through undigested .
i was not too pleased with this product .
i had read about the hard anodized aluminum pans and thought i would like them .
i m sorry ,  but there s no way i would recommend paying $ though it is a good product .
this is a poorly made case which did not fit the phone properly .
blah !  quite possibly one of the worst purchases we have ever made .
i had this router for num_num months and it stopped sending out the wireless signal .
sooo much smaller then i thought and the clasp was loose on one .
he has been wanting beats headphones ,  but once he heard these he said ok to them .
buy epsom salt ,  and lay in the bath rather than buy this worthless product .
i have two main problems with this toy .
i had bought a mask several years ago that had memory foam along the bottom of the mask .
i actually would give this product a minus num_extend
these headphones knock out perhaps half the engine noise .
although this case didn t cost very much  around $ it really doesn t fit the iphone num_num well at all .
there is nothing about this product your children should eat .
i only need one wash ,  no repeat ,  just like it says on the label .
i have other stainless steel pots ,  and none of them became discolor or develope rust spots like this one .
however this shampoo just didn t work for us .
my eyeshadows don t last all day as it does with some higher priced primers .
i m not surprised it only comes with a num_num month warranty . this num_num hole turret press was a real disappointment .
first ,  i have the latest firmware installed . this is a really bad product .
i m not blaming the manufacturer or the seller ,  they are just not very strong .
ours have been on our car for six years , now all the sudden you cant have them on ur car .
obviously that means it didn t taste very good to him .
my house is about num_num sq ft .  , so large but not enormous . there appears to be firmware problems as well .
i would not buy it again nor recommend it to anyone .
fist let me say that i have used tena for a long time .
they were very small ,  and had to be returned .
i bought this because of all the good reviews ,  and it s name ,  it did not live up to either .
ended up just using my phillips norelco num_extend all in num_num groomer to trim my body hair .
absolutely nothing available on amazon; i guess this was designed as a throw away item .
as for me ,  i threw it all out and definitely won t be buying from this seller again .
i don t recommend this unless you like having a crappy cheap phone or just for a backup .
ultimately ,  i lost interest in the game and moved on to something that was more fun to engage .
this turned out to be far more convoluted than it should be .
both the shampoo and the conditioner have protein ,  which can cause your hair to feel dry and not soft .
after the first shampoo with this product ,  my hair seemed greasy .
i have a small num_num lb yorkie and she could barely  sit  in the opening ,  and that s about it .
i bought a similar hat from kohls num_num years ago .
but the story could of been much better as well .
i received this game for christmas ,  and i was very disappointed in the graphics and the game play .
if you have any other vtech toys it s pretty much the same . skip this and go with another brand .
after a couple of days ,  a cluster of bubbles appeared at the center of the screen .
i followed all directions :  fill half way ,  pump num_num times ,  hold upright ,  release pressure when not in use .
indeed i could have bought it in my local and very expensive supermarket in nyc for $ or less .
instead ,  they advised to take it to an authorized repair facility ,  with a minimum charge of $ to $
i thought this health product would help me with my sinus problem ,  or runny nose ,  but it didn t .
this product is not for anyone with thick hair .
i would not recommend any creative lab s product .
next thing i know the belt loop rips and the whole thing drops onto concrete .
not very happy with these ,  needed to return them but had them to long before i tried them .
this machine never worked the way it was advertised to .
there are a few problems with this item .
i wanted to like them but they were just too spicy .
also discovered that the monitor battery and the strap battery are not the same type .
this is a very small key chain sized toy with a mechanical squeaker .
ok .  .  .  .  . i have only had a dog for about num_num months .
i don t have time for this when i am trying to use my snow blower in cold weather .
this headset was so bulky and it looks very cheap .
it just seems like a recipe for lost pieces . i wouldn t spend money on this .
from the first day that i received this charger it didn t work at all .
worked great but fell apart num_num days after the num_num day guarantee expired .
after three days of usage i tried to remove the phone and it broke with the least effort .
it worked okay for about num_num months and then it wouldn t charge a thing .
i have yet to ask att if they re selling a counterfeit otterbox products .
this is the biggest disappointment i ve had with a computer game that i can ever remember .
i finally freaked out after num_num minutes and washed the lotion off with soap and water .
cutting the patches to a smaller size left stiff edges and points that could still irritate .
the lid was made of plastic so i wouldn t expect it to last long either .
it seems to me they know about this battery problem and is replacing those thru their website .
i only payed $ for this game at a used game shop .
the frame that rests on the back of your head broke the first season i had this .
i really don t want to buy this product again !  .
the fins were num_num day past the return period ,  num_num days since they were shipped .
it all depends on how these are cut in determining whether they will be great or terrible .
it looked terrible and like everyone else is reporting ,  it will not come off .
i should have known that it wouldn t taste very peanuty or even have a hint of honey .
i tried extended life ,  but they don t seem to last much longer .
i was disappointed with this product on the basis of contents and quality .
i couldn t have been more wrong . as headsets go ,  i have worn a lot of them .
they are way too thin and come apart at the seams easily .
i was hoping this packet would be better than the acai pomegranate flavor i tried ,  but no dice .
this is the worst lens i ve ever owned .
it aired out my little kitchen as i expected from its size .
at this point id just like a refund .
once on ,  it feels like the film that it is ,  not like glass or acrylic .
it lasted about num_num minutes ,  and then fell right off the mount .
also when i ordered it it did not fit my iphone num_num the way it should have .
i don t know what went wrong with this tea ,  but i am sorry i bought it .
after many customer service hours and phone lines ,  i found out that they no longer back this product .
this is one ,  poorly conceived design meant ,  i suspect to look tough but not much else .
upon depature that kettle s interior stainless steel bottom was pulling away from the plastic sides but wasn t leaking .
i have ordered num_num of them and sent both back .
this one doesn t even roll very well and the blocks fall off frequently .
i have a num_extend num_extend with a nvidia num_num card ,  and num_extend ram .
in any case i had a problem with fogging every time i used this stuff .
this is the num_extend extended life battery i ve gotten from this company .
i m going to replace these heads with the old ones until i get a new shaver .
all of the pill caps were smashed and looked like they had gotten wet .
even after num_num coats it looked like this .
the only good thing i could possibly say about this product is it makes your lashes darker .
they really should have stopped at two in this case .
it s just poor programing from an inferior company . i will  never  buy a product made by microids again !  !  !  !  .
i have emailed the company many of times and i have not gotten any response .
i didn t do anything for my hair than any other biotin which is why i will not be repurchasing .
i called the harman kardon customer service line ,  and they kept me on hold for ten minutes .
i m not happy; i do not plan to buy from this company again .
felt started coming off the first time it got wet and so we have not used it since .
i washed my hair num_extend times and it still smelled like it .
like other reviewers ,  i had issues with how dry these chews were as soon as i opened the bag .
the first purchase was from warehouse deals for $ or $ off the regular price .
there s some hype that this is a game of moral and ethical choices ,  and that is just not so .
i would not recommend this product for a lefty . also ,  you have to use their paint and paper .
i have never been so embarrassed in my life .
i would not suggest this if you have a white iphone num_extend
i really did not like this cinnamon at all .
this was not compatible with several of my components ,  and the learning memory was far too small .
the sound quality is very poor when it is played while on a flat surface such as a table .
if this cream didn t had parabens i would had easily gave it num_num stars .
i only got it wet while washing dishes or a couple of times in the shower .
this guy is bulky ,  very heavy  with the batteries and magnet  ,  and the light is pretty dim .
not overly happy with the product and would get a longer or bigger brush .
they were too dry when i opened the package and did not seem  fresh  .
this product ,  like many others ,  may work for some ,  but not all .
for me this was not a good product and i would never order it again .
i wouldn t buy any of these cube tools based on my experience with this one .
it was very messy and the color came right off .  .  .  . would not recommend .
i got this instead . the lid doesn t fit very well .
i am a dog trainer ,  for num_num years ,  this should have been pulled years ago .
this product does not work with my ibook num_extend
i purchased this card after borrowing a card with an identical product number from a friend .
this toy feels very flimsy and is not worth the $ i paid for it .
she hasn t played with it enough for the paint to come off as others have mentioned .
it will not help and will prevent your skin from the healing that happens when we sleep .
the space bar does not work when hit on the right side .
i didn t like the fact that when i needed to charge my phone i had to take offthe case .
maybe this would have been fun in num_extend but here in num_num this game is a bore .
this is just about opinions ,  and this is my opinion :  this game was just not fun .
i will keep them because i don t have a lot of earrings but they probably won t be worn much .
a shame really cause they are very pretty .
it lacks all the things one would want or expect from a higher priced natural product .
would not purchase this maker again and would highly recommend looking around at a higher grade of maker .
real disappointed with this entire line of skin care .
i used these ankle weights for a long time .
however ,  when i opened the package i was immediately disappointed .
and the bad thing is that it didn t even work well enough to make it worth the stench .
sigh . i m sure there are other cats out there that would like this .
but if amazon had not send a bad toy i think i would gladly give it num_num stars .
there are to many bubbles and i did everything to remove them with no luck .
however the material does not protect your phone .
they are actually a pale grayish blue ,  which isn t at all what she wanted .
after reading some of the reviews on amazon ,  i was reluctant to purchase this unit .
the unfortunate reality is that the more recent canisters have been shipping with defective pumps .
there are other comments up to this point that are inappropriate for children and teens .
if they had written something that made sense ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i thought that it would be better not to have to touch the dead rats by using this trap .
to be fair ,  i am basing this review on one use of the baiden mitten ,  after following directions .
this is one of the worst shooters i have played in a long time .
very disappointed with this product as i expected more .
overall ,  more of a gimmick than anything else .
the coffee flavor was not very strong considering how dark it was .
the rim is sharp and provides no protection for the back of the phone .
magnets are not strong enough to even carry very light kitchen utensils .
sometimes you get what you pay for and this is no exception .
to bb s credit ,  when i called up to complain on their customer service line ,  i was refunded the amount .
the first three all had the hard drive freezes that other reviewers have described .
we had to toss it after about num_num minutes of chewing .
these dumb down the sound and do not feel like they  hug  your ears .
this is a nice looking scale ,  but it is not consistent .
i tries several times to get her to eat it and she turned her nose up every time .
it s not very good in your money would be better spent on a superior product .
other than the covers not fitting well ,  i have no complaints about the beds .
but after a couple of days the frother fell apart .
not worth the money ,  and it was in shipping longer then it worked on my phone .
during about num_num hours of play the system crashed or hung about a dozen times .
this product is not good enough !  let me know when you get it right !  i m returning this one today .
not bad . long enough for the general use ,  but a little too stiff . also ,  because it s silicon things slip too easily .
i would not recommend this fan for a quiet location .
well this stuff is just what the doctor ordered ,  as it is almost completely tasteless .
these vitamins are not coated so when you try to swallow them ,  they swell and stick to your throat .
they were brittle and dry and tasted like they had some snad in them .
i would not recommend this kettle even though it has a nice appearance .
this might be the only product i have given num_num stars .
i personally will never deal with sony online entertainment  soe  ever again .
i was very disappointed in both the quality and engineering of this product .
its a shame that it breaks so easily especially since i use this about once a week .
the dingo bones were quite old and stale ,  but i guess i should have known for the price .
don t waste your time on this chinese made cheap designed product .
i m not sure that this is the most effective way to deal with moles in the yard .
even at $ i returned it as is was not worth that price .
after reading the directions and trying this several times ,  i don t feel it helping my lower back .
i have finished num_num bottles of fucothin so far and it absolutely does nothing for weight loss .
since it s just my wife and i ,  we only brew about num_num cups a day .
my lips are not particularly chapped and other stains last a long time on me .
do not buy this game unless you just want gamerscore from it !  .
this is by far the worst wireless broadband router i ve ever used .
do yourself a favor and just buy a more expensive one with a belt system .
maybe someone has more practical ideas ?  sure would like to hear of them .
the game feels like a dumbed down version of num_num with lots of terrain bugs .
this little num_extend ounce can has num_num pretty empty calories in it .
i also notice that this product do fit the num_extend but the cut outs was not good .
buy a hyperion num_num mah battery to make this phone a winner from garbage .
im really dissappoited i wll prob just order another one and send this one back to the seller .
this is very dangerous to those who are watching sugar intake .
i thought mini would be smaller than a regular beach ball or small ball .
will be looking for a different company to buy from in the future .
which would have been helpful as we could just buy another phone and throw this away with the case .
that allowed them to become misaligned when the coffee grounds came in contact .
this is one of the biggest pieces of cheap junk that i have ever bought .
they did not offer to replace the product either ,  not that i would want another bottle .
the wax is very hard and you can get very little on your fingers to apply to the beard .
this review is for an iphone num_num gsm digitizer from arizona accessory .
i was so excited to use this product ,  as i had heard awesome stuff about it .
thq really needs to recall this product and finish the game .
i really wanted to like this product after hearing about it too .
then i tried it on my samsung galaxy note which i know is otg compatible .
this would turn out to be the worst num_num dollars i ever spent .
i bought this piece of crap played it for the first num_num  years  and just stopped playing it .
this can opener did not even last num_num year ,  and i am not hard on my stuff .
this expansion pack should have been awesome ,  yet it failed terribly .
actually sorry ,  this is the num_num version of the game ,  and has been for the past num_num years .
exactly the same problem with the two previous reviews ,  this product has severe quality problem .
worked great for a while ,  but then burned out as is the issue with most of the other num_extend
you have to make sure that the weapons are only used for the really difficult monsters .
couldn t really mold anything and it wouldn t stick to itself to make anything .
i would not recommend this on glass top stoves . barbara .
in the past num_num years ,  i ve purchase a total of three containers of this tropical punch flavored whey protein .
they denied the claim because this is not an authentic product !  i am reporting this counterfeit product to them .
other than that avoid this one ,  but check out the sequel .
the soft ,  poor quality of steel used will not hold a sharp edge for any length of time .
and with so many people experiencing this issue ,  i am shocked that the mug has not been recalled .
i swear all of these things are even worse in this installment that vice city or san andreas .
i have eczema and this product made it worst .
second ,  i made two loafs of egg bread  about a total of num_num cups of flour  .
and for weeks my neck was in so much pain that i had to buy another foam pillow .
we had all ages playing and nobody was doing good with this game .
i am giving this num_num star rating because of the fingerprints and dust on the lens .
the one i purchased at the feed story wasn t adjustable and i thought this one wouldbe much more efficient .
bought this for my girlfriend for her phone but she keep having issues of it falling off .
this is not as cheap as other crimpers i have used and those had decent safety features .
i have worn many brands of hooded sweatshirts but this one is shapped strangely .
this thing works at a heater ,  but just barely .
it would peel quicker so i will not be buying any more gelish brands .
replaced our old peeler with the messermeister because it was dull after num_num years of use .   before anyone asks .
it s useless ,  the motor is too weak and the battery life is very short .
i had this unit for about num_num months .
even after i pureed my baby s food ,  it still wouldn t go through a sieve .
these are not the same hanes you bought num_num years ago .
i purchased this hair dryer to replace my super solano that died after more than a decade .
spend the extra couple of bucks and get something better .
i may have been a bit heavy handed but this chipped as i removed it the first time .
would be better to get a polarizer or some other type of filter than this one .
wind up having to throw it away after just using for num_num weeks .
for the price ,  this is a really bad thing to have happened num_num months after i purchased it .
however ,  i use the keyboard much too often to continue with this cover .
as many have said ,  this product is not your standard plug  n  play and linksys support sucks .
i dont know if it was bad luck or what ,  so you can take your chances with this product .
yes ,  that is right :  this game is so short it is not even worth the $ price tag .
i purchased a pair of these num_num months ago and have less than num_num miles on them .
it was too small so i ordered a size num_extend
maybe that game will have some redeeming qualities ?  don t hold your breath ,  kids .
so it gets num_num stars because of this .
num_extend oz of chemicals in a little plastic container .
i hope they keep making it ,  it puts others to shame .
i really had high hopes for this waterproof eye pencil after reading all the glowing reviews .
however ,  it didn t work with my samsung galaxy num_extend
i thought this would be a good polish from the reviews ,  but its not .
after reading all the rave reviews on amazon i was excited to start using this one cup coffee maker .
this is the second coffee related item that has died in less than three years at my house .
amazon in now no better than petsmart . everything i bought previously is now an average of % higher .
who designed that ?  !  it either digs into your ankle or lets the shoe just flop off when you walk .
i will try to use this flour somehow ,  but i will not be buying again .
be cautioned when buying a  mint condition  phone from this vendor .
after reading a lot of good reviews ,  i have to say that this product is not that great .
i have these ,  and they did nothing to offer me support .
this would have been awesome if it didn t fall apart in every way .
i often have to push the last inch or cord in . may num_extend i ve changed my mind about this product .
i would give this a negative number of stars ,  but there s no space for that . not recommended .
i wear num_extend shoes and the xl size of these didn t fit many of my shoes .
this is why pyrex and kimax and other borosilicate glasses are used for chemistry glassware .
just messy and shoddy quality from a company that has zero customer service .
i was also disapointed that there is num_extend of sodium but it says  no salt added  .
the white one was lost in about num_extend seconds and the black one disappeared within another couple minutes .
still don t have it ,  this bag has more stops and miles on it than a bird going south .
ironically ,  the first time i tried this i broke nail .
i tested this against my num_num year pair and they are about half as thick .
i would not recommend the product to others .
the  dough   if you want to call it that  doesn t even stick together and just breaks apart .
i returned this product because the adhesives did not work .
i was able to live with this because it wasn t that bad ,  even though it was num_extend
i would really only expect to pay about $ for this product .
in the picture it appears that the book is slanted away from you ,  and that s just not true .
this product should only been used when playing alone !  beware and stay away !  .
i don t know where these rave reviews are coming from .
if you have rcbs dies your kinda stuck with this crappy kit .
this is not just annoying when you are using a gps ,  but dangerous when it falls under your feet .
no matter what s used these stockings are not easy to put on even with helpof another person .
i have another similar philips unit that has been even worse .
i need something like this for work ,  and it s starting to look like i ll have to order men s pants .
absolutely no taste from this product that i ever want in my mouth again .
we took a lid from a plastic tub and set our bug sprays ,  glass cleaner ,  plant food ,  etc .
first ,  the cops are way too good for this game ,  even better than the first .
i should have just sent them right back .
anything that would be unsafe for a child is unsafe for my dog !  ! this is not as pictured .
after num_num minutes of cooking it had not changed a degree yet ,  still at num_extend
i am extremely disappointed with this motorola charger though .
i would not suggest this game to anyone looking for a fps .
i do not recommend this product and i will never purchase it again on line .
an ametuer gamer could beat this in num_num num_extend
after reading the reviews on this product i went a head and ordered this anyways .
i had such high hopes for this toy and it has let me down .
this item makes such a mess you will ne cleaning alot more than your chain .
this product was the first dry shampoo i have ever tried ,  and i had heard that they worked great .
i rarely have any problems with their print server ,  kvm switches and other routers .
do not buy this charger unless it is a gift and you need to keep yourself from looking cheap .
i bought num_num packs of these num_extend pellets  and they all seem to be shaped uniformly .
i can t comment on the product quality because neither of my num_num cats would eat them .
i think there is a pattern going on here that needs to be addressed by the manufacturer .
i tried to make this work but its just isn t there .
let s hope they didn t restock this item for the next poor customer .
you cant really play with it at all and it gets cloudy from your finger prints .
no problem ,  read the instructions and there is a screw to adjust for this .
i pretty much have no choice but to continue to use my regular shampoo .
i should have realized thais cause all the good reviews were from num_num years ago .
i will definitely not order or buy this brand again .
for those with little hands this controller is absolutely out of the question .
it doesn t seem very heavy duty ,  simply translucent blue lightweight plastic .
i d say they are not designed for long conversations !  other than that they are okay .
this product for the num_extend that enables you to play online is an absolute rip .
after one month he stopped using this item because it looks really cheap with low quality .
i m not very impressed ,  and i won t be switching to this brand .
my son made a turkey using a recipe that called for num_num minutes baking at num_num degrees .
the packaging of this product must not be very good; it seems to have leaked through .
after num_num year of trying to get this working ,  she still cannot receive calls .
anyway ,  you probably won t find polarized glasses any better than these ,  at this price .
i wish i had looked at the reviews before purchasing ,  i would never have bought this coffee .
at night it s hard to ignore it ,  it s too bright and distracting when driving .
my first problem with it ,  is that the cigarette lighter adapter would not fit securely into the belkin .
the only positive thing i can say about this tripod is that it is very light and very cheap .
what s the problem here ?  aren t rolling pins pretty standard in size ?  i would not recommend this product to anyone .
we have stopped buying anything from this company .
do not get this .  .  . it will break on you in a heartbeat .  .  . i would not recommend this product .
i have purchased this ball before ,  a few years ago .
it s so loud that i am concerned about my daughter getting hearing damage because of it .
this is the worst video game i have ever played .
the bass is just not there like it was in the num_extend
i would not recommend this for anyone who is buying this toprevent getting bit !  ouch !  .
meanwhile ,  the western digital drives in my raid have been chugging along for over num_num years without issue .
it is quite disappointing . there are better choices even at this price range .
after trying two of these for over three months we finally threw them away .
so disappointed that the picture didn t match what was advertised .
the smell is a little sickening to me but if it did it s job ,  i could overlook that part .
this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses .
like other reviews ,  the swivel points for the ear cups are plastic and will eventually break .
but for all of its positive qualities ,  i could only eat one bite before throwing the rest away .
bought this because of all the reviews ,  but it did not work for me .
it lasted for about num_num min and then i had to throw it away .
this one must be a dud . hopefully amazon is gracious on getting a replacement .
i also had trouble with oxo s stainless steel cups .
i was going to order more online ,  but it s too expensive .
like i said ,  i ll do more research before ordering another bottle .
there are so many things about this game that make it stupid .
i purchased this because of the good reviews ,  i hated it .
i will not repurchase or recommend this product to friends .
in fact ,  i would say this is the worst foundation i have ever used .
this  stylus pen  is not going to work out well for use on my itouch .
i look forward to not getting the deposit returned when i move out .
i thought these were going to have more of a spring to them ,  but they don t .
they are also alot smaller than i expected them to be . overall this is a cheap disappointing product .
also the squirrel is clumsy large for little hands .
we ve finished a whole bottle and will not be buying any more .
after only a day my kids have already lost interest in them because they won t work properly .
i won t be buying another one ,  like i was planning to when i first got it .
i have seen no difference in my cat s behavior at all with this product .
well ,  this thing didn t even make it out of the starting gate ,  it arrived badly broken ,  bent and shattered .
would not buy this product or recommend it to breadlovers !  .
and i have like num_num pairs of these dog nail clippers .
bought this to replace the broken micro usb cable on my old charger for my nook tablet .
the finish is very easily removed or faded with little more than damp or sweaty hands .
knowing that this product was only $ i didn t have high expectations .
i have tried all the ear tips but none of them fit me well .
is that num_num technology ?  you can have more fun playing tomb raider or a pc game .
i am sorry ,  this was about the ugliest shoe i have ever bought .
i do not recommend this product at all ,  it really tastes like dirt .
wow ,  people weren t kidding on the forums when they said this game looks dated ,  does it ever .
and it also came with a case that could easily be mistaken for a candy wrapper painted black .
ended up purchasing a matte screen protector from store .
if you want protection for your iphone ,  this is not the case for you .
some other reviewers have commented that you get what you pay for ,  but i disagree .
i told company the clip they sent just like the first one and phone fell in the floor .
i have been looking at gnc products for dogs and that is probably the route i will take .
the taste was bad but it was something i could work around .
then get annoyed with it and the music and move onto other things . i would not recommend this game .
i don t really think these helped me with my extreme nausea .
go through live internet update to version num_extend still no driver for it .
i had a mirror one before but this is not a mirrored screen protector .
my husband has had his for about num_num months and it just kept getting worse .
my first pair having purchased at least num_num years ago .
i searched through almost five thousand watches to find one that had an all metal stainless steel case .
i m paying that amount only to have something to tide me over until i can buy something better .
seriously ,  who designed this ? fyi .  .  . the airlines will provide a free plastic bag to place your car seat in !  use that .
so num_num out num_num dogs did not like these .
this game is so generic and people only like it because it s mario .
will not work at all with any keyboard i have .
this claims to be for a htc evo num_extend design phone ,  which is what i have .
well this little product left them pretty dull and this chips pretty easily .
i don t know why i thought that it would be like that ,  but i definitely wasn t expecting pearle .
other reviewers suggested silicon spray but this only helped a tiny amount .
this is a review of this product : men in black ii :  alien escape  playstation num_num video game  .
for anyone with high frequency hearing loss this timer is useless .
device recognized by num_extend num_num bit ,  however would not work .
again ,  i only finish num_num chapters in this game and i m not impress .
i needed something that would protect my phone .
this is the only digital clock i have ever had that cannot keep time .
overall not happy at all with this product .
the holders are too far apart to keep the guitar from sliding through onto the floor .
avoid this product like the plague .  .  . total waste of money .
we bought this for my son s num_extend birthday and he seems to like it ,  but i am seriously disappointed .
if amazon makes me pay return shipping on this i will rethink my prime membership .
i would not recommend buying this since it broke the day after i received it .
for something this expensive ,  they really need to offer a better return policy .
can t get this program to work with windows xp at all .
they have this rubbery hard kind of texture and just didn t look very good .
the only thing remarkable about these bags are the price .
i installed these speakers in my num_num honda civic num_extend
need to take num_num capsules to have any help with flow .
i have had mixed results with this product .
i have used this brand before ,  but they have changed the little plastic piece on the tip .
i have one female cat that weighs under num_num pounds and is about num_num years old .
love fiskars products but this is not a good product for my use .
you couldn t have this by a chair that you were listening to music or watching tv .
beware this does not work with the misty island rescue set .
he used it for the first time and it would not cut the pizza .
the mystery of the mummy was quite possibly one of the most frustrating computer games i have ever played .
the only good part about that is that it doesn t last either .
very unhappy with this product and its claims .
i wouldn t buy this item again since it would most likely fail in a year or less .
got these for the wife and they have done nothing for her nor anyone else we know .
the bulbous end stretches your nose out of shape when you do not need any more discomfort .
i have bought this in the past and didn t have this problem so maybe its just a bad one .
we were pretty disappointed with this shampoo and conditioner .
this means that cell renewal is slowed ,  collagen breaks down ,  and the connective tissue is destroyed .
first time out with this product it bent as i was putting on a shoe .
i ve had this less than num_num years used mostly on weekends .
just look at the screenshots !  they might as well have just painted the whole game gray .
these cookie cutters are a disappointment because they start rusting very easily .
it just does not work with this battery .
if i had it to do over again ,  i would not have made this purchase .
doesn t fit my iphone num_num properly ,  the phone can slide around in the case .
i have very dry mature skin and this did not work for me at all .
i regret that i bought four of this and some are ready to go to recycle to local charities .
my hair fell out worse with this product .
these did not agree with my little dog ,  although he chews the dentist s best chips without any problems .
i like other big sexy products ,  but this dry shampoo makes my hair feel dirty .
had it been labeled a hamster ,  gerbil ,  or rat wheel ,  it may have gotten more than num_num star .
be warned :  this product connects only to the old ipods ,  that have the firewire port .
the item description said it came with a screen protector and it was not in the package .
i purchased num_num chargers and i was not happy with this purchase .
the expiration date says may num_num and i purchased this in december num_extend so i am not pleased .
by using a larger propane tank num_extend i save time ,  money and the environment . update :  failed after num_num months use .
after about num_num months of use ,  i began to realize how stupid and useless it really was .
this is definitely a misleading advertisement for the product .
i would have been better off just picking up a pair from the supermarket .
they just responded with the whole ,   that s why we have a % guarantee and you can return the product  .
num_num minutes later it said the battery  case  had no power left .
i am sorry  ,  not happy with this .
my displeasure with this item began with the description of the product .
i have been carrying this knife for about two months .
not what i have come to expect form otterbox .
they are so thin it is hard to get any grip when you rub them between your fingers .
this means that the bottom can wiggle and the bracket will be misaligned .
my num_num year old granddaughter had wanted a map but this did not meet my expectations .
i received my package and tried to put the case onto my samsung galaxy num_extend
first off ,  this is one of the least comfortable bras i have ever owned in my entire life .
at least they eat like their done ,  they certainly don t look appealing .
only used it once prior to light burning out .
it worked great for about num_num months then all of a sudden died .
i have a num_num acura rsx and these lights look identical to the stock headlights in the car .
i will not be buying this brand of cloths again .
i bought a charger from this listing in fall num_num from ibd which arrived used ,  damaged and unusable .
this is the worst costume i have ever purchased .
i don t like this cover because it looks cheap on then phone .
my husband tried it and refused to take more than a bite ,  and he ll eat anything .
but spraying top and bottom of leaves as per directions really gives much less than num_num plants .
when i ordered this new one ,  it came with a cloth rope as the insert .
still no go . ended up returning it for a refund . can not recommend this item at all .
this software is ok ,  but it s not worth the money .
the problem is you can t put enough beans into the grinder to get a decent num_num cups of coffee .
there was nothing memorable about anyone in my party . battles felt like ffx but without the fun .
i tried them several times and each time became very uncomfortable and ill .
i do not understand how it received any positive reviews . maybe it was less gritty in the past ?  ?  .
i don t think this batch was compromised as they were crispy and broke cleanly when i bit into them .
not to mention a simple power adaptor should last more than num_num months .
i would like a return email on this issue . chichi : can we please have your order number ? thank youme :  chichi tech co .
i had hoped to get a little exercise during times when i would otherwise be sedentary .
i would be leery of buying from this seller !   !  .
the handle on mine seems pretty round with no indentation to use as a clue .
but this machine wasnt ! after num_num months ,  i noticed some plastic bits in my coffee .
had these for almost a year and after about num_num months they started to stretch way out .
the  tang  of this product assaults your mouth right from the first sip .
i would not recommend this cable to anyone .
i ruined more shrimp than i peeled with this one .
so this leaves you to kill the over num_num nazi s plus the two tanks that are on this level .
i would probably not purchase these pants again .
the first time i used this ,  i thought it was the cats meow .
i would love to say this works but i would be telling a lie .
this is probably the worst sounding out of the num_extend
this completely awesome case will be nearly useless to you after a few months .
it sucks because the case is super cute and i really like hello kitty so i am disappointed .
for what this does ,  i could have gotten a blade grinder for a lot less money .
our wo dogs destroyed it within num_num minutes of having it .
it did an ok job of removing surface dirt ,  but no better than anything else i have used .
i really didn t like this watch sizing tool because it s cheaply made .
i think something must have happened when they were being made and folded .
i have been using hydroxatone for over a month .
i can t believe people like this brush ,  or that they claim it will exfoliate your skin .
i must admit that x rays of my knees indicated i needed surgery .
was connecting to a linksys num_extend which works fine with three other wireless devices .
the picture makes it look like the ropes have some rigidity to hold the ball out to be hit .
this product gives new meaning to the word ,   swill .   it s that bad .
it didn t last more than num_num months ,  it s really low quality .
do not waste your money on this product .
would have been better to just leave them out than put in such cheaply made ones .
i was very disappointed with this product and i do not recommend it .
they are also closer to the floor ! the plastic that the cars are made out of is rigid .
this toy lasted less than num_num minutes and we threw it away .
please do not make your dog live in one of these outside !  !  ! they are flimsy and thin .
i simply can not understand the positive reviews for this product .
i purchased this in desperation after bringing in my cat to be treated for an ear infection .
instead ,  it made my hair break off worst than it ever did before .
but the fact that i ve used it only once tells me it wasn t a wise purchase .
i would not have bought this except for the maxell name .
it would have been great if this product had worked .
this is very dangerous as cats have been known to break a tooth while playing with metal objects .
i was really looking forward to using this thing ,  because it s so much easier to buckle from the front .
cell phone problems ? complete your  suite  of abuse with the  highly  rated  jawbone prime platinum  by aliph .
the first time i used it was when i was gardening .
i only hand wash it; i do not use the dishwasher for cleaning it .
my head is not that big ,  and this hat was still a bit too small for me .
he has barely used them because they were so dysfunctional .
i was really let down by this product ,  and i definitely won t buy it again .
the power is not very high ,  which i was really hoping for .
apparently ,  they thought that such a gimmick could sell a game .
the topping that comes with the package get resolve water too much ,  and the naruto tasted nothing like naruto .
i have used numerous products on my face but unfortunately this just wasnt one that worked for me .
so ,  we would be paying over $ for this smaller than expected ant farm .
the meat grinder works pretty well but the sausage stuffing attachment is awful .
the rubber seems much more durable but i ll never know since i can t get any treats in it .
this is a very bad quality material product .
ordered these for my son ,  and they were smaller than expected .
poor quality ,  does a fairly good job of protecting the phone but hard to remove the case for charging .
maybe it s too  automatic  . meanwhile ,  my tiny grinder $ braun  is still working after num_num years .
i think this case is just too big .
i checked other ratings and realized i was not the only one with this problem .
these problems have shown up at about num_num months on all of these models .
it didn t really seem to make much of a difference in my skin s appearance anyway .
also ,  it was only $ when we bought it ,  now they have gone up on the price .
at first i thought it smelled like lemon pledge ,  which wasn t great ,  but tolerable .
this thing is very loud ,  i got to turn it off before i go to bed .
i really wanted to like this case ,  too .
i am not very happy with the wax .
i would not recommend this product to anyone as it could easily cause a safety issue .
this was the worst wirless device i have ever purchased .
my review is only num_num stars because the product  when i purchased it  was only worth two stars .
this thing fell apart completely in less than num_num months .
i have taken this product for num_num weeks and have not seen a difference .
there is something terribly wrong with this ,  it is super cloudy and it makes me naseated .
the buyer did not want to accept that this was the case .
as others have stated you can t fit a whole potato in this device .
this knob guarantees that you will never get the charger to seat properly .
the only way to manage this tumbler is not to travel with it .
i suspect this box is going to be sitting around the office for a long ,  long time .
first of ,  i cannot tell that this is supposedly paper with aloe .
seriously ,  are these airplane headphones ?  that s how poor i found the sound quality in these .
i don t have small hands but just to be sure ,  i had my large handed friend try it .
my home remote ,  and one of my cellphones will not charge properly using this adapter .
not nearly as good as the discontinued avia model i was replacing for around the same price .
had to buy another type of charger because this one didn t worked for my samsung galaxy num_extend
i decided not to use the included gloves ,  because i feel like i have better control .
i bought num_num of these to do double turning .
unfortunately ,  the cats didn t like this for some reason .
i don t know what s wrong with people who think that this is a great game .
i bought this plate three times and each time it arrived broken .
the earhook on this product is not a good design .
not as nice of a shine to the stainless steel as the farberware though .
first of all ,  these things don t support an inguinal hernia ,  which is what i bought them for .
sure enough ,  just as so many other people have complained ,  only one pen worked .
you would think that the same  money amount  canadian  num_num years later would get you something better ,  not worse .
then he squeaks them so they talk back .
first timers should definitely avoid this one ,  as they will miss what makes banjo kazooie great .
i have had this set out for about two weeks .
i ll stick to my battery powered trimmer  which i highly suggest over this .   .
unless there is something i am not seeing or getting with this helicopter ,  i do not recommend the purchase .
i will not be buying this again ,  at least not for stretch marks .
these are garbage and i should have listened to the reviews that said the same .
i have tried several brands and have had the same issue .
i noticed some other reviewers state that this product is made of a hard plastic .
it s not even good at lasting as long as your average piece of gum .
what are you going to do about this ?  ?  ?  also ,  instructional dvd has no video .
wow !  i will keep this thing ,  but only to play a horribly funny joke of someone .
i just gave up and have been doing dishes by hand for all of this time .
it feels like you re strapping on firefighter equipment .
the magnet was not nearly strong enough to keep the lid closed .
add it to the pile of battery operated toys my cats could care less about .
i ve seen reviews that say the battery life lasts num_num hours at % volume .
i bought this game years ago and it was one of the worst games i have ever played .
the bland ,  muddy tasting broth does not save this soup at all . would not purchase again nor recommend .
i ve been using frontline plus for about num_num years now on both cats and dogs .
just google  gs num_num blinking lights  and you will find a long list of hits .
we have a bunn coffee maker with the slow sprayhead and a capresso burr grinder .
do not wear it on a belt ,  keep this sheath away from public eyes  : dstandard china made cheap product .
the tube part is very light weight plastic and feels too light in my hands .
not bad ,  but not great . i definitely would not have bought this headset if i was to do it again .
maybe they just don t work for me or maybe they are a placebo and thats not what i need .
there is no way that this top can be considered any grade of stainless steel .
i had good luck with several other linksys products ,  but this one hit rock bottom .
i ,  like others ,  am not impressed with this new but not improved product .
i bought these strictly for the price which was a mistake .
however .  .  . the problem i ran into was that .  .  . i cannot take off the case without breaking it .
i sent it back over a month ago and still don t have the credit on my account .
when i opened the package i put the left one on to try them on .
a waste of money ,  especially considering how much we paid for them .
i think i ll just stick to my prime lens . and don t even think about using this lens indoors .
i was unhappy because this cover is obviously for a later version of the samsung epic num_extend
very poor performer even with an adequate antenna .
the facial scrubber it comes with is a peice of crap as well .
this cable was only able to provide num_extend of current to my cell phone .
he is three and i wish i d have gotten him something different with the money i spent .
usually i agree with other s reviews on products ,  but not these date crumbles .
i took this thing apart multiple times to mess with it .
this one cannot hold a fraction of what my old plano does .
not cool . if they re going to charge this much ,  one would hope they would have a quality product .
this thing is just a pain in the ass !  !  !  i should have taken the reviews to heart .
these weights slide off my arms when i first put them on .
about three months ago my friend came over and set up this smc wireless router .
not any happy cats with this natural balance .  .  . you get what you pay for .
i prefer vanilla scents ,  so this didn t really smell good to me .
i changed my mind ,  i didn t really like this game because it s just a straightforward first person shooter .
i bought this because the reviews i saw on it but boy do i regret buying .
with this product ,  you get quantity ,  not quality . these screen protectors are thin and prone to scratching .
if you re looking for something for light brown or blonde hair ,  my recommendation is to avoid this color .
shipping was about num_num week .  .  .  . decent . half of them were loose  plastic rear of the bolt  .
eggs ?  stick on a nonstick ?  with cooking spray applied ?  you ve got to be kidding me .
if you are willing to spend this kind of money spend a little more and get a digital slr .
since i have had good luck with the drinkwell num_num i assumed the first one was a fluke .
i would not buy this again nor recommend it .
i m sad to say that the first time i used it ,  i had a terrible case of tarantula lashes .
they were out of the depth of field ,  but they didn t look natural to me .
i have also tried num_num different netgear adapters . if you buy this adapter keep your receipt .
i imagine that many people like this product ,  but i do not .
this otterbox defender is not the color i ordered .
i gave proactive another short ,  but proactiv let me down once again ,  i would not buy this once again .
i have never been more sure that a product is not worth it s price .
i will not buying another ff game again .
they use is so limited now i can t justify keeping them anymore .
plus ,  you can use better fertilizer than the stuff that comes with this ,  such as milorganite .
but one speaker basically became inaudible after about num_num months ,  and now they are less than half as good .
took forever to inflate a normal car tire and broke after about num_num months .
i must say that i do not like this eyeliner .
i m keeping them and will try glueing the strap on ,  but am not pleased with the quality at all .
waste of money !  it did that when i had chapstick on or the same color lipstick on over it .
i dropped it and my phone poppped out of the case causing minor scratches on the sides .
i honestly believe it is very unhealthy for growing brains to be around these chemicals .
this item broke within a week of using it .
i had this interplak until for just over num_num year and it just stopped working for no apparent reason .
mine is the combination of a chirp and a constant noise that i can t explain .
they don t look like they re from the nintendo num_num era  like many other ds games  .
if this item gave me more sign bars on my cell phone it would get a higher rating .
it is by far the worst of any wireless lan card that i have had experience with .
i bought this along with the foundation of the same kind which was also horrible .
this toy doesn t seem like it s worth the price .
however ,  the fact that the fabric strap lasted me about num_num hours forced me to give this one star .
i ve used this now for about three months with absolutely no improvement whatsoever .
my dog has very hard to deal with skin problems .
unless you have a toy breed ,  these are totally a waste of money .
bought these for our num_num and num_num years which were upgrading from their galaxy num_num num_extend tablets .
try to search the internet and see that this failure is more common than you think .
since it is totally linear ,  without skip capabilities ,  i would not rent this .
i tried cutting different foods then reintroducing them and no change .
the plastic arrows that came with the bow break some and i wanted to try a different type .
i ve had the bottled versions before  not of this flavor  and thought they were much better .
i thought this would be similar to morrocco methods zen detox .
do they make a scale for the home that actually works ?  this is a piece of junk .
their products are second class and their customer service is slow and unaccommodating .
i think we would have gotten some other shapes if we d known these couldn t be worn on your wrists !  .
i ll likely try a drop or two ,  but i wish amazon had revealed this in the first place .
i have a skin on the back of my phone and forget using a case with it .
it doesn t take much weight to cause it to tip backwards and force the child down on his knees .
like the num_num scents that it came with   vanilla ,  orange ,  lime  .
also there is not a single american plane to choose from .
unfortunately ,  i have not found it nearly as easy to work with as the thinner ,  disposable bag .
when an arbor will not fit into the bore ,  it doesn t matter what laser insert you try to use .
ok ,  folks here it is ,  if you re thinking about buying this game ,  pick up gauntlet dark legacy instead .
the top half either slides off into your pocket or falls to the floor when removing from your pocket .
you have to open task manager and close num_num processes to bring it up again .
i will not order biosilk from this particular vendor again .
i would have given this num_num stars but that didn t appear to be an option on the amazon . com form .
after this happened a few times i started handling the bags more gingerly ,  but even that didn t help much .
after using a  doctor s scale  for the last num_num years ,  i can t adjust to this .
my num_num year old son had this for about a month and we threw it out already .
i purchased num_num of them and they are both horrible .
i tried this product in the shower four times and i am just not really crazy about it .
this game is not the awful piece of junk which you are reading about in other reviews .
this was the worst piece of crap i have ever purchased .
nothing works like a sub ,  so that s the next order .
the box is very missleading ,  it says it only lasts num_num washes and is not a perm or relaxor .
would not buy or recommend this product again .
when you have two things ,  whether speakers or headphones ,  plugged in to this the overall volume is greatly decreased .
our family always has liked kashi products ,  but this one was simply dry and stale .
i will never recommend this product to anyone .
they don t seem to have any give ,  so i have to struggle to get them on .
this cable failed on one channel after being only used a handful of times .
i started playing the game and thought :  i don t like this game but maybe it will get better .
my oem apple charger lasted me num_num years .
this is the third time i ve purchased this cream and it s the last .
i do not recommend you get them even if they come in a pack of num_extend
also the cable comes out of the side of the dc adapter plug .
i made the mistake of buying this num_num years ago for my then num_num year old .
after two months ,  it holds a charge for about num_num minutes then fades to nothing in seconds .
i know these are old headphones but in case anyone is considering getting a pair .
read the reviews and thought some people are just too picky .
she has never had these problems and i fed nothing different other then this chew .
product no better than cheapos that come with cheap num_extend players .
this product is of poor quality and my son never plays with it .
this is one of the worst gaming keyboards i have owned .
i bought this based on the reviews and was disappointed to find that it was extremely dull .
note that the original  super mario bros .   had num_num levels .
i wasn t expecting much for the price ,  but even at the friday sale price this feels overpriced .
i have since purchased a stansport black granite mess kit .
what could possibly be the problem with these things ?  .
one of the ears would not stay up within num_num minutes of me taking it out of the box .
this comes out like elmer s glue and goes on your hair like it too .
this product is by far the lowest standard product i ve ever purchased .
i have used many electric space heaters and never had anything like this happen before .
or if you re single ,  you could charge your ipad and iphone at the same time .
i have not tasted the product but am extremely dissatisfied with amazon .
i am very upset with this rc heli .
not a big deal but i wonder how long this piece will last before developing a leak or something .
shipping took awhile ,  close to a month ,  but for $ from hong kong ,  what do you expect .
save your money and time and find another one that works better than this .
as soon as the toy fell apart it meant you had num_num loose pegs .
this is completely untrue and will most likely turn off many of the true hockey fans from this game .
i tried to put them in my xbox num_num controller ,  and they would barely even fit .
this is a pretty flimsy piece of a tin can with a cover .
it s been about num_num months and wanted to update my review .
i expected more from this based on other reviews ,  but it s not good .
my husband was not happy with this at all .
however ,  after looking at the ingredients i have found that i have not hit the jackpot .
they are much more cheaply made than they look .
i guess i should have looked at the ingrediants on the back before i purchased this product .
i bought this product here in the past ,  so i didn t look at the reviews before ordering it again .
i gave this to my golden retriever puppy when she was teething .
i have had this bag for a year or so and am not extremely happy with it .
num_num buck was like shooting with a wood stock ,  only a wood stock with no recoil pad .
i decided to give this set a try since it seemed affordable and reviews were not poop .
so this is useless to me . i m not sure why i m even giving it num_num stars .
i have two problems with this game :  first ,  the violence .
this is a pretty nice looking toy but useless for any real application .
i was looking for something that i felt would be better protecting my equipment .
i just used it for the first time yesterday .
i purchased this at a store for about $ and am sorry that i did .
they have the worst fit of any pair of sunglasses i have ever owned .
i have tried for almost a month now to get her interested in this toy to no avail .
used this soap for num_num weeks and no improvement in either .
i did not imagine that this cup would be so extremely uncomfortable .
i bought this seat ,  used it for a few rides and sent it back .
it gave our hamsters such a bad rash that one got an infection and died even with antibiotics .
you re either watching the ships too closely ,  or so far away you can t tell what they re doing .
is not designed for the desert eagle that has been the current model for over num_num years .
i read many good reviews about the hopscotch butterscotch flavor so i ordered them . they taste nothing like butterscotch .
this makes for a lot of weapon whoring and just frustration on the part of a lot of gamers .
this was the very first num_num bit game i had played and boy ,  was i excited .
they could not care less about their customers .
i m very disappointed in case logic for this terrible product .
i should have bought a num_extend cartridge inflation device for my bike tool kit .
i never thought i d leave a negative review for this company s products .
this num_num pack will last me a long ,  long time .
this is the very first mmorpg i have tried .
for those of us that are newer doing our own lash and brow tints this seems pretty deceitful .
i do nt have this game but my freind sed it was bad so i do nt like it .
heard a lot of great things about this product unfortunately my body disagreed with this stuff .
i received this item in cheap plastic wrap ,  looking like it could have been previously used .
i highly recommend looking elsewhere for a legitimately designed product .
i have tried this on many different ,  mint conditions dvds .
i am pretty disappointed in this brand and would not recommend their products .
i purchased this device to play my ipod in my car  a bmw num_extend
i bought the usr usb fax modem last week and i wish i had checked here first .
i don t want to say these are awful but i won t ever get them again .
i didn t feel like it moisturized any better than a light lotion either .
i bought two of these soups and was disappointed in them .
this kit would not serve an office of num_num let alone a home with a family .
i returned this product twice hoping that i d get a replacement that would prove me wrong about this product .
this product was also slippery to hold just as it was with the num_extend without a case on .
the hold button is super hard to press with the case on ,  almost impossible .
these screen protectors did me no good at all unfortunately .
i like all of the other flavors but this was awful .
these areas are very small ,  only about num_num feet long .
nintendo is turning crap ,  the only good consoles of all time would be the nes and the snes .
this controller is the worst design i have ever used in over num_num years of gaming .
i was also never very happy with the way it performed .
i will not being buying this brand again .
don t recomend unless you have very specific experience and skills doing this with this type striker fire starter .
these don t hold my hair back like i thought they would .
i ve never had the dirty performance issues with the logitech product .
we have several other nerf gun models and have never had a problem ,  but this one is awful .
i am just totally miffed at this product . i do not however ,  blame the seller .
i might as well have asked her to play with our vacuum cleaner .
there weren t many reviews for this stuff online ,  but i wanted to give it a try .
what has happened to uncle mike s ?  ?  if i could give none or negative stars i would .
this did not help with my stretch marks at all .
i guess when it comes to computer games ,  sequals are always much worse than the original .
this product is a waste of money and i can t strongly enough recommend users away from it .
i would not recommend this product to a friend .
wait correction that is the only good quality .
i was really excited to try this product because i was in desperate need for a blending brush .
the new trays are not as strong and feel like they will break very easily .
i bought this for a client and truly i would never use it for myself .
even ff tactics was a letdown ,  since the psone version was much better . now ,  let s look at the ds .
if you re looking for a nude color bandeau ,  then this might be the color you re looking for .
he has destroyed this new one in less than num_num months .
having my wife call me on her chocolate num_num phone ,  i was at first disappointed .
sadly looks like when these wear out will have to try to find a more comfortable shoe .
but everyone of these failed in a miserably short amount of time .
took a long time to arrive ,  though i knew that upfront .
i felt that it would have been better to have easier prays at the beginning .
after purchasing again realized this chamois is too thin and will not hold up with repeated usage .
i wear an num_extend shoe ,  and ordered this boot in a size num_num because there were no half sizes .
i figured i d try to look past all of this and use the case anyways .
i do not recommend this product for any price .
i wish i d listened to the reviews that were posted before i bought this .
what is more ,  the phone keeps shutting down randomly even when it is plugged in !  p . s .
it s too bad because the rest of the case is really nice .
seeing as i m not the only one with this particular problem i won t be repurchasing .
i used new batteries ,  charged it well and it worked for about num_num minutes and then it stopped working .
this game is horrible and should have been removed from sale years ago .
i wasn t impressed with the amount of $ i spent on this product .
but i bought this for num_extend and i feel num_extend ripped off !  .
small fonts i used on my calendar were very hard to see if they were green or red .
i have gone through num_num units since receiving this device as a gift .
and they don t; there are much better consoles for the money out there .
i have been using it and i m done with the bottle .
i haven t been so disappointed in a video game since the legend of zelda; the wind waker .
this battery lasts about half as long as the original nikon battery than came with my camera .
it adds the required  grippiness  but doesn t really keep much junk from getting to the phone .
would not buy again after the aggravating experience with customer service .
it s just not a sweet taste ,  and that was what i expected .
these magnetic parts didn t magnetize nearly as well as reasonably expected .
died completely after only num_num months of use .
update :  this toy has already stopped working after two short uses .
changing filters is awful and expensive ,  so we tried this cute little elephant .
they all lasted about a year and a half .
this item gets no stars and i will not purchase anything from this seller again .
very loud humming comes through the cable ,  which makes it clearly useless for its purpose :  listening to audio .
i had to wash my face more than once and then use an eye make up remover cloth .
i will not be buying from this company again .
i am sorry to say that this was a waste of my good money .
paper thin fabric will not last anywhere near the num_extend of yesteryear .
this is just our experience .  .  . it probably works for other issues but not ours .
i cleaned the grinder ,  got my coffee beans out ,  and plugged the grinder into the wall socket .
ordered this for an att iphone num_extend which uses a part like the one pictured .
the new ones just do not work as well as the old ones and they pop out sometimes .
i would look up comments regarding this product before making a purchase .
as someone who struggles to drink enough water ,  i wanted to like this product .
if they fixed the problem with the seams and came in sizes of your choice i would order more .
these cloths removed eye makeup which was great but they felt dry and made my eyes burn .
we followed the exact cleaning instructions to keep it from rusting ,  but it happened anyway .
i washed this bra several times and the very strong chemical smell didn t come out at all .
not much better than the dollar version of the peg winder .
she said it worked fine on her underarm ,  but not well at all on her legs .
went out half the time ,  finally just stopped going on or working after only three years .
so this is pretty much a waste of money . bottom line :  buy zero mission instead .
i don t know why everyone is complaining about the faint smell .
i used these on a normal period and was not impressed .
it would be impossible to bike with this tool .
this experience will deter me from buying bose products in the future .
unless something can be done to mask this scent ,  i doubt i will buy more .
the rear broke off about num_num weeks later .
i didn t realize that this model did not have a quick release .
i hope other reviewers have a better experience ,  but i will not purchase this product again .
as much as i love nivea !  this is too little product and really .
this product went into the trash after trying to use for a month .
these lego calendars do not create an actual scene that means much of anything .
but ,  none of the home versions were better than the original aracde version .
this may have been a function of the poor fit .
i had the impression flash cards lasted a long time .
there are better ones out there that clean your scalp better for the same price .
so i cannot recommend this lime chicken ,  it s like there s only lime ,  no chicken at all .
this filter was good at first until i noticed that the reflection off it is terrible .
i ll not buy this reel again ,  nor another reel from this company .
neither seem that they would stay put if your dog is active .
as others have noted ,  low setting isn t low .
not happy with the quality of this product .
it doesn t look nearly as good as the picture in person .
after trying the eucerin redness relief face wash ,  i was very eager to try this product .
terrrible stuff  . i took super colon cleanse for num_num days with no sign of needing to go .
my kids got so dry skin after using this suncreen .
i did not get another and will do more research before purchasing another .
i will not be buying from this company again any time soon .
this phone has the serious problem of not enough internal storage .
would not recommend this to anyone who is super sensitive .
i wish id read the negative reviews before i bought this .
i couldn t get this to work after more than num_num attempts .
not good . and i couldn t get music to play through this headset as it supposedly was able to do so .
they acted like they were afraid of them .
this might be the worst shaving product i have ever used .
many of the small failures of this game will make you not want to play it .
i m sure there are some better one s out there than these . you get what you pay for .
this wedge is just too hard and not at the right angle fo me .
i had no idea about this product since i never needed it before .
perhaps this product only works on certain people ?  i would believe that .
this item could be much better if it was bigger .
i have hit people head on and simply bounce them off my vehicle about num_num feet without killing them .
then i noticed that the tracks seems to be make num_num different ways .
unless i work for all num_num six of them ;  that would be something .
i have nothing to say on the subject of this stuff cause i never actually used it .
this comes with a num_extend battery ,  but i almost threw it away due to packaging .
i wanted something that protected my phone from scratches and smudges ,  etc .
this is the worst thing i ve ever bought on amazon .
this product was cheap ,  but i still feel like i wasted my money .
this product does not have enough pigment for my taste to make it justifiable .
the sound was full of static and not very loud even with the volume all the way up .
i didn t like the way this product made my eyes look red after use .
extreme heat in num_num seconds ?  lie !  how about mediocre heat in num_num minutes !  don t waste your money .
they discontinued the case for the older lumia and have no replacement parts .
after i put the case on ,  the screen protector on my phone alms immediately started bubbling at the edges .
i would not even recommend this to a teenager because they are way smarter than us adults .
this has to be the singularly most uncomfortable bra i have ever worn .
i was eager to cheat in my ds games with this new product .
the blade isn t very sharp ,  due to the material it s made from ,  so a slash isn t practical .
my husband took these for about num_num months .
he seemed not to notice this product and it was very expensive .
poor ,  tinny sound and the microphone unit doesn t work well ,  at all .
my daughter was furious with me when she had to put this together .
it does smell funny and i dont understand why everyone is raving about the awsome smell of this product .
much to my dismay ,  the coffee i thought was so great tastes terrible .
but after a full summer using it this gets no more than num_num stars ,  and that s being generous .
it comes with really no usable instructions ,  and any videos online didn t help either .
also ,  it made her fur very greasy where applied .
this is what makes the game as tedious ,  repetitive ,  and as boring as the game crackdown .
when it advertises  for num_num people  ,  i feel this is very misleading .
it lasted about three months then failed due to internal electrical short .
well it steams as advertised but the dirt does not move .
the day after he started eating this bone ,  he developed diarrhea with some blood for a couple of days .
that would have been a nightmare to reduce down to an even layer .
beautiful but ,  the color comes off in your hands not worth the money .
these sandals have a tendency to pinch the sides of my feet .  .  . they are nowhere near wide .
very disappointed that it didn t help my thinning hair .
i tried this on a % wool estate sale rug that i bought .
as a result ,  i paid for num_num boxes of this product but rec d only num_num i could use .
i have to update my review after using this rake a few months .
only problem is that since the attachment is so wide ,  the suction is less concentrated .
after num_num or so minutes of work ,  i finally got a barely usable edge .
the t handle on the cleaning rod broke the first time i used it .
i bought this at a grocery store and i don t have the receipt .
there s no way i would carry this in my pack because it s not worth the weight .
i had this sent as a gift with a cordless phone and it didn t work .
this is ,  without a doubt ,  one of the most useless products i have ever purchased .
if i had known it was not dishwasher safe ,  i would have bought another one that is dishwasher safe .
this watch it tiny and feels like really cheap plastic .
in short ,  it s the coffee that should wreak havoc with your blood pressure ,  not the coffee maker .
however ,  look up all the bad reviews for this product .
i was hoping for something that would give me some extra oomph during my work day .
sad that they still make crap like this mite last num_num years if you treat it really well .
the ingredient in this sweetener that was derived from gmos is the erythritol ,  not the brazilian stevia .
ive worn them both about num_num times each and have never ever had a problem .
streaky and chipping this could not have been more expensive or more horrible than this .
even though this unit is very compact ,  it s weirdly clunky .
i would also like to note that it smells horrible .
i was expecting to really like this ,  as i can not live without some of the other nectar flavors .
i should have listened to the reviewers saying this sunscreen is really greasy .
should have read the reviews before purchasing this item .
i used to love dove products but was very disappointed with this body wash .
i purchased this belkin product from the reseller .
this time there was just no coffee taste to it at all and it was a hundred years old .
i would have preferred more leeway in choosing my own heat ,  time ,  and temperature though .
i put this product in my phone and have not seen any difference in my signal strength at all .
if the case wasnt on then my phone may not have cracked on the fall from num_num feet .
i should have returned it ,  but i needed something and don t see anything i like this barrel size .
i have nothing against the product itself i just did not like it for my phone .
taste almost like watered down hot chocolate ,  even if you mix it with milk .
i will likely never buy another waring product again .
my kids were only able to use this quad a couple times before it quit working .
but in execution ,  this doesn t come close and i d recommend a pass on this product ,  especially the iphone num_extend
have tried to review this item num_num times .
i wish i could find a product that worked but it wasn t this one .
i m still using this and been using it for weeks with no result .
this is a harsh scrub that i don t think anyone should use on their face .
to my memory ,  it is a lot slower grinder than other rotaries that i have used .
she never playded for more that num_num minutes with this game .
that s the size spout on my anchor hocking ,  but not on my new pyrex .
i can t get windows to work with the card ,  and linux seems to have a problem with the cis .
i would have been better off buying a ice cream maker for half the price .
but after this purchase i do not believe i will buy them any longer .
i really should have listened to those who were critical of this machine .
i m now stuck with this thing and lost a great deal of money .
i was so disappointed bc this seems to get great reviews .
they are not very well made but then ,  what did i expect for $
i have used other products that contained zinc and i did not have problems with them .
every time i walk in ,  it s all over my feet .
my advice is to stay away from this card if you have a toshiba laptop .
they are banking on the fact that most users will not mix dough regularly enough to stress the mechanism .
called the company when i had trouble getting more than num_num psi from this pump .
i had been very careful with them so it wasn t an abuse problem .
not only did callers have issues with hearing me ,  i could barely hear them .
i have used it for num_num months nows .
at this price ,  the radio really should have had sync .
i have to take the phone out of the case and at that it just barely fits .
frankly ,  i can find nothing whatever to recommend this product .
this product has several small problems that add num_extend the battery died after less than num_num months .
i continued pulling them out ,  one by one ,  and every single one came with the outer bowl broken .
after many emails with amazon they credited me and sent a replacement boot .
it worked fine for a little over a year and just stopped working today .
i never did receive a response from the software people ,  nor has the issue been resolved to this day .
after that ,  they barely charged and would barely hold any power .
a simple ball would have been a better choice .
next time i will only buy in store at sally s .
i bought this because it was cheap and small .
the firmware comes with the card would not allow the card to be installed correctly .
this product is not as good as the wide mouth .
i would not recommend this for birthday goody bags either as you are getting very random pieces .
i bought this a few years back and it ended up collecting dust .
i m sorry to say that if your skin is even slightly sensitive ,  i wouldn t use this product .
i spent a little extra money on this screen protector .
they shipped it again ,  this time i never got it .
but there are a couple of major things wrong with this toy .
i still get static when i m only sitting a foot away from the charging station .
keep in mind most pills are something like num_num mg at a time . there s just nothing out there .
within three days the big rose had fallen off along with num_num more rhinestones .
i m not sure if anything can be done about this in terms of product design .
this is the fourth model of the timex watch that i found to be critically design flawed .
i have very thin ,  fine hair that doesn t hold a curl well .
first ,  let me be quite clear and state that i have never tried this .
they are a lot thinner than i would have expected .
this piece of junk is just about the worst piece of equipment i now own .
i have had this knife for quite sometime and today it finally failed on me .
i would not buy again but they might might help some apnea sufferers .
this game was released about num_num and developed over the num_num years prior to that .
it actually didn t work any better than using plain water .
the only good thing about this is that it packs up really small because it is so thin .
next time ,  i ll buy a camera that takes a standard battery like an aa or aaa .
i was hoping this would help my skin but it didn t .
this gives the product num_num grams of sugar .
when i first put the bilsom earmuffs on and turned on the radio ,  i couldn t believe the sound quality .
i have not had a relaxer in over a year .
no way i am dumping this in a fish tank .
i would highly not recommend to buy this battery to anyone .
the replacement was purchased from a local merchant .
i have a snake for my num_extend that has the borebrush embedded into the cloth .
however ,  once in a while they produce a dud .
the kids i had play with it remained interested for about num_num minutes tops .
but this scent from amazon is practically non existent after num_num minutes .
there are much better toys out there for less money ,  that will last longer .
first of all ,  the controls are some of the worst that i have ever seen .
i was very disappointed with this hunter fan .
as other reviewers here have noted ,  this is more akin to  burnout lite  than a real burnout game .
so i wanted to move away from the standard pan frying and got my self this griddle . big mistake .
this will hold up your iphone ,  but just barely .
so i will have to order another same ,  kokkia even if it costs more .
i did not have confidence that it could protect a $ phone from drops .
their customer service must be overwhelmed with complaints and warranty requests .
what exactly is the point ?  has anyone figured that out ?  it doesn t even stay down or jump up .
don t worry about running out of room on your hard drive .
mine was num_extend long ,  but only about num_num feet are useful .
i ordered this product thinking it would help my bad knee .
while the product came as described ,  the build quality felt a little lacking .
ordered these binoculars intending to use them when hiking or trail riding ,  wanted something small and compact .
i really hoped this would have worked ,  but unfortunately it was a let down .
it is just a cheap keyboard that is fully in line with the cost .
the design of this ice cream maker leaves a lot to be desired .
so i decided to buy num_num packs of these and they are not the same quality .
my daughter loves my little pony ,  but i m very disappointed with this set .
i suspect the batteries are just poping lose . none the less this is not a good situation .
the bottom line is these are polycarbonate measuring cups .
this game was to long ,  and in the end i didn t really want to beat the game .
i bought this for play therapy and had to toss it after num_num uses .
this product arrived in a timely matter but it did not work .
i hadn t used it but num_num times and it stopped working .
this is possibly the worst coffee machine we have ever owned .
i ve had a lot of luck with led auto bulbs off amazon ,  these were the exception .
but they are made of hard plastic rather than rubber like the others .
doubt i will waste any more time with this .
other than that ,  it made my hair even frizzier and it tangled more than before .
other than the chipped mug they seemed ok .
i haven t tried it in my ipad yet ,  but if there is an issue ,  i will update this .
i am glad i did because i kept wasting money on the cheap plastic ones .
i don t always want ,  or have the time ,  to play through an entire level .
this was my first attempt at purchasing a sleep mask .
he really rips into these things that squeak but they don t hold up .
then you re expected to place the soaking wet piece of plastic on your screen .
i was very dissapointed with this particular unit and returned it after two days .
i did not like this cream because i did not see any improvement in my skin . plus it was greasy .
when a product is misrepresented i didn t think that should have been the case .
the tray on the inside does not lock into position .
glad it didn t cost much because she had destroyed it in less than a day .
i ve only used it four times ,  but it won t stay inflated .
this actually left my hair feeling worse than when i didn t use it .
this game didn t have a website or any link on thq until a few days ago .
this thing charged my phone once and then never worked again .
i would never spend money on this again .
don t waste your time with this particular product or shipper . yes ,  it does work .
most important ,  they came with a particularly noxious order which cemented my overall dissatisfaction .
i wasn t happy with some of the inactive ingredients in this product .
if you have to get one of these ,  may i suggest the num_num stand instead .
the case does not look like the picture .
the one i bought last year ,  terrible .  .  . not stable ,  doesn t sit flat .
i don t think i ll be buying this again .
all of my cats got very ill from this food and i will never buy it again .
i have used one of these trackballs at work for over num_num years .
when i powered on the camera ,  took say num_num pictures ,  it would record num_num and lose the last image .
i am glad i didn t pay more than i did because it doesn t feel heavy or like quality .
although that s not such a bad thing when battling is a fairly uneventful task anyway .
the shampooer pooped out after about num_num years .
it s not anything i would recommend to anyone .
i got this on sale ,  not a big sale and it is not worth the money .
my dog chewed off the yellow felt material in less than num_num minutes .
i was hoping a glass bottle would be a better option since it was stronger than plastic .
will suck it up and use continue using it but i will not be buying it again .
and for the price i decided this wasn t the product for me .
this may be  natural ,   but it isn t much of an improvement over good ol  coca cola . brian w .
this device does not cancel out background noise .
usually give pretty good reviews on most products but this one stood out as a bad one unfortunately .
at least one of the reviews of this product looks to me like it was planted by the company .
i ordered this item after reading the description as being  compact  and  lipstick  sized .
it doesnt even fit my verizon iphone num_extend
your much better off buying ghost recon advance num_extend or fear .
this pos didn t last two full days and i don t think i still have the box  recycle day  .
!  !  ?  ?  these are really strange ,  remedial oversights for a product that is so  designed .   .
i ve had this oxygen model for about num_num weeks now .
was not happy with that experience either because i did not get a full refund .
i wouldn t recommend this based on what we experienced .
so take this toy for what it is .  .  . its a shame they couldnt make it work .
the money would have been much better spent on a cat genie or litterbox robot .
most of the time it doesn t work and you end up using your finger anyway .
but ,  samsung galaxy num_extend phone does not fit in the case .
this body wash is very watery and doesn t last too long .
it s also very shallow ,  so once you get it set up ,  it s super easy to tip over .
like many others i couldn t wait to play this game .
but it doesn t control itself well ,  is not very well designed ,  and does not appear durable .
if you buy this game ,  you will not get value for your money .
i have purchased over num_num stuffed animals in the last few years .
wrong !  not the right size and fit smaller than expected .
and also another thing that is bothersome in this game is that it is filled with long loading screens .
you have to go through this process every time you want to pump the reservoir back up .
i didn t bother exchanging these because they were incredibly heavy .
i think this product sent to me from amazon was expired or defective .
i wrote a glowing review of this back in november when i thought the device wasn t getting enough attention .
these are advertised as gluten free ,  but they aren t .
baserunning is alright as long as you don t have more than one person on base .
there is boning on the sides of this bra that slips up and down and gouges into your skin .
i will never buy this product again and i do not recommend it to anyone .
i m the third straight reviewer to have a problem with this unit .
it will only charge to about % and depletes withing num_num or num_num hours with average use .
the paper peels off too easily and the wood is coarsely finished which makes them easy to splinter .
the tin could easily have contained num_num or num_num fish of this size .
this mount does not have the num_num pins to make it a true car dock .
i had really high hopes for this soup .
i guess unless timex feels $ and three months to disposal ,  which is the case with this watch .
this is very messy ,  gets all over her hands ,  clothes ,  and any surface around her .
that s what you get when you go with a small company who is actually producing less processed products .
vitamins are the straw that won t fit in my medicine cabinet . i am not complaining about my medical care .
i have been using a python that i recently donated to my parents .
i was expecting more from rockstar than this crappy game .
it s very flimsy and the sparkles seem as though they would come right off .
i haven t played this game but i know from experience  i have num_extend that this probably sucks .
i hate to send something like this back ,  but i can t pay for food my dog won t eat .
i wish i had not bought this as part of the purchase package .
oh well ,  i think i only paid a dollar and some change .
i more than likely will not order from this seller again .
this is far and away the most awful conditioner i ve ever tried .
i tried several more times ,  using less and less each time ,  all with the same result .
it s almost impossible for me to say anything positive about this product because it was so bad .
i bought this product used from a coworker s daughter who was phenomenally underwhelmed by it .
i have tried to use these several times on my two year old .
i told them it still doesn t work properly .
i do love loreal but this product upset me so much .
i literally used it for about num_num minutes and the batteries  which were brand new  died .
i ve had many different types of their coffee before and never have i tasted something this bad .
there is no way i could have worn this bra for more than a couple of minutes .
the first problem i experienced with this game as the key code wouldn t work .
over the past num_num years i have owned two num_extend
next time i will probably try brewing for only num_num minutes to see if this lessens the side effects .
i have tried several different senseo varieties ,  but none are noteworthy and i wouldn t recommend any of them .
that makes this tint not such a good price at all .
this product will kill every invert and coral in your tank .
bottom line is never order anything from this seller that costs more then $ because they will screw you .
if you are concerned about weight ,  stay away from these .
i was constantly having to worry about it and wiping it off .
this didn t work for me although i hoped it would .
out of the box ,  the product was great . the smoothness of the ball s rolling degraded quickly .
i would not buy these again and will hardly use them .
i bought several because they were so cheap and i m regretting it ,  their going in the trash !  !  !  !  !  !  !  .
this is disappointing because the executions have become more gruesome and interesting .
more on the side of mixed syrup with water . what kills this product is the high price .
from that time on they are never clear again .
really ,  seriously unappealing and could not take more than one drink .
nothing like the picture and definitely not comparable to the otterbox defender case .
i agree with another reviewer that they are rubbery and tasteless .
they are not real noticeable ,  but can be seen in reflected light .
with the advertised mah rating ,  the battery should last twice as long ,  not % longer .
i was hoping that i won t experience statics with this comb but i still did .
trying to store it again is a joke . that said ,  my kids still like it .
the first lasted about num_num weeks before dying completely .
i have used a minidisc recorder to do this but wanted something that would easily inferface with my computer .
they all taste like dishwater with a little cream and sugar .
too bad that the warranty only lasted for num_num months .
car adapter won t charge my iphone num_extend more than % and it makes my phone overheat and shutdown .
i cannot recommend this unless you like old tasting puffs .
this is totally worthless and made of really cheap and flimsy plastic .
perhaps they might work as coasters ,  but whatever your needs are ,  this product cannot meet them .
looks like another reviewer had the exact same thing happen .
do not buy this product ,  its the worst wireless duo ever .  .  .  . for the last num_num years ,  i had used logitech .
the pool came with leaks ,  and doesn t stay inflated for more than an hour .
it is not very wide and it only travels about num_num feet from the sprayer .
another product that didn t do absolutely nothing for my hair ,  but just make it dryer .
it would seem that they don t know what to do and so they stop trying to help .
bought this one and it bent bad after the first use .
not worth any more than the num_num bucks that i paid .
i should have read the other reviews before i purchased these pads .
maybe five years ago these things were near the top ,  but not now .
this game starts to really suck . i ve played alot of games .
i ve tried several different locations ,  all of which seemed to be active trails .
when i tried to use it on a num_num macbook pro ,  that usb port never worked right again .
the second problem i had was that the sound quality from this thing is awful .
extremely thin ,  very flimsy cable that was doa upon arrival .
my past reefs have lasted at least num_num years if not num_extend
maybe i got a bad pair ,  maybe my ears just work better with the vmoda .
my kitty is only num_num pounds ,  yet she demolished it in a week .
i must have selected a different one from my last order . this product is a rip off .
i found it almost unusable ,  tried to get used to it for a while and finally tossed it .
i am not sure what it is about this block but my budgies won t touch it .
also it may not work well on hair that does not require so much product to define curls .
i had high hopes for this product due to all the great reviews but was only left disappointed .
do not cook eggs in this thing ,  even when new .  then the nightmare began .
i haven t broken out like that since i was a teen ,  many moons ago .
pick one character ,  and they re pretty much all alike . there are only num_num game modes and num_num wrestling arenas .
it is just better to get the iron all from food anyway or take a prenatal not containing iron .
i will never purchase anything from hohertz technologies llc again .
i got really excited about the four button feature but it does not work on vista .
there is no way you are zipping up this bag with one num_extend
this little guy puts out some serious windage no doubt .
that means about num_extend ounces of this product is important ,  and the rest is filler .
if this is the normal state for this product to be sold ,  i would not recommend it .
i should have just bought a dustbuster ,  because as a vacuum it s annoying and useless .
they were definitely not working right so i returned them .
the problem comes when i need to remove it to place in a charging or playback cradle .
i didn t get very far in this ,  because there are just so many better options out there .
the num_num and num_num pieces are interchangeable .  .  . that led to some num_extend
this did not work as well as the other and caused me some problems .
i haven t taken a plane ride with them ,  so i m not sure how they would fare in that application .
i had to have this for my son before he was even born .
tastes like garbage and didnt work any better than the colgate brand i bought from target before .
low price for a product that does not hold up .
so ,  i can t say anything positive about this item or the company behind it .
now that they are num_extend years old they still show no interest in them at all .
but i cannot recommend this product as an energy booster .
i am extremely dissatisfied and disappointed with this crap .
once i noticed how average they ve become ,  i knew it was time for companies to stop making them .
this item is very irritating but perhaps this may be a lemon .
but for installations where quality signal matters such as with hdtv i would not recommend this splitter .
the third thing that i really  money  remotes that can go farther than this one .
they are somewhat sticky ,  so your finger will stick and jump when trying to swipe across the screen .
this one missed the mark and i am sad to say i would not recommend this one .
the only entertaining part with the somewhat nudity that came with the game .
i would not recommend purchasing these fans . signed , not happy .
oh ,  also ,  it doesn t keep the coffee hot for long .
for some reason these things do not work .
they have a tendency to hang in the back of your mouth . all in all not my favorite .
its a great game but so short it wasn t worth the money .
i like some of the other bows by this company ,  but these ones are terrible .
i m going to purchase a small coffee maker with regular filters to replace this item .
i have not experienced the cracking or breaking others have mentioned ,  but then ,  he hasn t played with them either .
not happy with this experience and left voice mail with shone suit on friday and today ,  still no response .
this is also what i meant by  dirt  and this was purchased in num_extend
even with the case on it ,  it s still smaller than a card .
coffee i spent num_num bucks on num_num years ago is still cranking; these new ones stink !  .
for the time being i guess i will have to buy the real oem samsung charger .
the game would have been ten times more difficult if this ability had been limited .
apparently the tube is just a bit too long so it touches the spinning blade .
i cannot recommend this product and emphatically say do not buy it .
these didn t do very well here at our house ,  but may for others .
this was my opinion of a few products i tried over the last year or so .
i would rather consume a third more calories with sugar included than whatever substitutes for sugar in this product .
it lasted about num_num years ,  so i thought to go with sunbeam again .
a half ounce bottle has more power than this num_num oz fake .
the cover also weakened and will start to rip once it gets to this state .
i don t know . we finally caved and bought the litterrobot .
i noticed that another reviewer mentioned this particular problem ,  so i don t think it s unusual .
if you move more than num_num feet away from your phone ,  you get a ton of static .
and all i can say is that i guess this product works for some people and doesn t for others .
like so many others have said ,  the safe arrived without keys .
i agree with the other reviewer that it stinks .
i have not used the product yet so i cannot comment on its effectiveness .
it seems like this product is a problematic one as its motor burns out so fast .
i guess i should have read the product description more carefully .
fix this problem and i might consider buying another one .
i do not recommend this game to anyone except diehard military fans .
i haven t been able to fall asleep wearing this .
i ordered num_num on april num_extend because these normally break after a couple months .
below is my review from christmas num_num but here is another review after few months .  .  . march num_extend
sorry ,  wish i could have left a better review ,  suggest another brand .
just what you need when your cat is thrashing around trying to claw your hands .  .  . i d pass on this one .
however other than the tournament settings ,  the changes seemed to have no effect .
after about a week it was peeling up on one corner and just kept coming off more and more .
no matter how i try they just won t play with it .
i d much rather go for some fresher ginger than this .
i have not noticed any sexual enhancement using this product .
the screen is not very responsive to touch and it s very small ,  not good for small children .
i don t think they work fast at all ,  so i will be going back to the liquid .
distance is less than num_num feet with static and dropped calls .
this is crapola ,  made in china and looks and feels like it .
in addition ,  it is made of plastic and is easily breakable . i do not recommend this compass .
you will be doing alot of readjusting while using this particular product . would not recommend .
it took me a long while to finally get the whole track together .
once again ,  this case will not work with the phone i have .
i don t understand why this has such good ratings .
linksys  cisco this week  needs to look into real life usage and not lab scenarios with this device .
replaceable squeakers is a nice idea ,  but it didn t last long enough to replace the squeaker .
well i stopped giving it to them about num_num weeks ago and there has not been a cough since .
very thin .  .  .  . and have matted finish that will not allow machine to make good seal .
i am hoping one day that will change but right now ,  she could care less about it .
after losing num_extend lbs .  ,  num_num years ago ,  i have stopped my sugar addiction completely .
one star for effort  would have been half if i could  ,  one for nutrition .
i still haven t tried removing a link in a band which was the main reason i bought this .
given the poor quality ,  i would have expected twice the quantity for what i paid .
for almost $ it should last a long ,  long time .
it is not designed to take this kind of recoil and it will damage the scope .
text and calling work fine ,  just caller id doesn t seem to be working .
save your money ,  there s lot s of other brands of apricots on here including newmans own .
i purchased this razor after a braun i had didn t work right anymore after a year of use .
just opened num_num more packs and these seem dry and flaky like cake with too much flour .
other than that ,  the build quality is just not there .
it seems extremely light weight and doesn t  feel  like real stainless steel ,  but i hope i m wrong .
i am a num_extend and this thing made me looked like a stuffed bratwurst .
my cats played with this for num_num minutes .
i thought this game would be like socom but sadly .  .  . its not .
i knew instantly this was a mistake ,  but thought i would give it a try .
i didn t realize from the picture that this thermometer is only about num_num inches long .
i thought i ordered triple d and that is what this says ,  but the bras say double d .
superpet ,  we love your products ,  but this is a disappointment .
this is not a point and shoot ,  at least not what i was looking for .
the cars that came with it never make it past the second turn .
i have washed these towels several times and i cannot get them to stop shedding like a dog .
my only problem with this kettle is that easily within .
if i could have bought replacement blades for my old grinder ,  i would have .
personally ,  i just like to make drip coffee from flavored beans .
weird . if you re looking for good quality sound ,  stay away from this crap .
this phone is not well designed in terms of how easy it is to damage it .
do youself a favor and stay away from this pile of bat crap .
the fabric is very cheap quality and seems like it would easily tear .
sadly to say ,  this product did not meet my expectations at all .
one ,  niggling ,  but very important flaw keeps me from giving even a num_num star rating on this toy .
the toy s production has not been altered since num_extend
i used several of these strips on different days to test to see if i was pregnant .
this product is not a toy for a small child to play with .
i felt they were much lower than that .
of a cream is way too good to be true at this price .
it s really flimsy and the construction and welding is very low quality .
this product smells so strong and so bad that it is hard for me to use it .
i was not very pleased with this harness .
i would like to finish it ,  but only with access to cheats that actually work .
used for about num_num months and now i am looking for something better .
i can prime num_num cases with the lee hand primer in about num_num minutes .
would all be better options that are in a similar price range .
it was cheap but if my phone were to fall it would slip right out of this case .
i did try it at home with other equipment and the performance was the same .
back in the num_extend i used this in high school and college to lose some weight .
the flavoring in this was just not very good but tolerable .
i bought this crate for my num_num month old puppy before she came to live with us .
this wallet looks nice in the pictures but it s thin and not for me .
i bought this to replace the cable for my wife s dilapidated apple cable for her ipad num_extend
this antenna seems to get mixed reviews ,  but i decided to give it a try .
even with all the graphic options turned down ,  it s unplayable on many of the busier missions .
these are some of the worst we have used . these are quite water soluble and  melt  all over the place .
the first battery held a charge for maybe num_num hours .
what a shame !  atticus does like the sugar glider made by the same company .
this was the num_extend set i have ownned that completely failed without accidental damage .
there are better products on the market from other companies .
we had to throw ours out after one use . would definitely not recommend .
i have written nary a negative review but this product just isn tup to stuff  .
after trying this product ,  i agree with other reviews that it doesn t last num_num days .
i am really disappointed because in the appropriate size it would have really filled an important need .
i have been a norelco user all my life and this was the first time encountering such a problem .
i am displeased with the performance of this base coat .
i gave this a low rating because it almost works too well .
i bought this from the this vendor and i don t think the product was the real thing .
on the other side is the phone ,  dsl modem and this thing ,  known to me as  crap box  .
if you get this ,  get a small storage container to keep the pieces in .
it is impossible for this thing to lie smooth if you have junk in the trunk .
i know some people like this version but the style and quality s really not for me .
they re still no closer to feeling  broken in  than the day i got them .
please quit buying their crappy products ,  so they ll stop making them !  !  .
why is this company being allowed to lie about the sugars in their product .
i ve had these spice jars for about num_num years .
i bought the kvm knowing about the audio issues hoping that they weren t going to be that bad .
i would never buy these again ,  nor would i recommend them .
i started searching the web for answers and found out that everyone with this version is having problems .
one of the worst purchases i ve ever made .
this product would have been perfect except for the shaver head was poorly designed .
i don t want to even attempt to play this game with my children .
i guess i m the one who deserves the num_num star rating !  .
the actual rack surface area seems to be about num_extend long .
when i had a num_extend i remember this case did not fit the phone correctly .
i was really disappointed after reading such great reviews about this product .
crappy quality ,  always snaps off and the stays are the cheapest material i have ever seen for this product .
i m returning these because they don t work for some people .
this game is hard ,  i cant finish it ,  if it was easier i would have given it more stars .
a medium usually fits me just fine but these were way too long in the leg .
i have used other products that i like much better .
it s nothing like it used to be . i wouldn t waste your money on this .
kept undoing that because i really wanted this chair to work .
i was looking forward to this product because of all the good reviews ,  but it was disappointing .
not really impressed because the stars are much smaller than the bolt pattern .
it must have been designed back in the num_extend and here s why .
i didn t order these because so many things seemed fishy about their presentation on amazon .
i have this filter along with a fluval num_num on a num_num gallon goldfish tank .
i didn t realize this was so flimsy .  ,  i thought it would be on a sturdy base .
grrrrr not happy about that !  !  there was no hint of color after i showered ,  none at all .
if you re looking for a good bubble machine that you d like to use more than twice i d look elsewhere .
i am very disappointed in this belkin product .
for me ,  this oil wasn t any better than petroleum jelly and costs a lot more .
it is nice that they degrade but there is no controlling when they begin to do so .
we have had much better and will not purchase this product again .
not very happy with this case at all .
i really urge everyone to stay far away from this product if you value your cassettes .
if you re reading this ,  chances are you ve already researched this phone a bit and you ve probably read other reviews .
it takes a very long time to charge .
i think this is only a problem for larger dogs .
my havanese had it torn apart in less than num_num minutes with stuffing all over the floor .
i was really upset when i opened this and started to clean the lens on my new nikon num_extend
i would not buy this product again ,  as it has proven to be a huge hassle .
so ,  moving aside ,  we drug this thing out and guess what ?  it worked for a little bit then quit .
this should work just like an hdmi splitter but it doesn t .
this little speaker tries to do what it s larger big jambox does and just utterly fails .
i would much rather have picked out something else for her .
she hadn t been sick of her stomach like that in many years and it scared me .
i thought this game would be awesome based on the reviews but it sucks .
they should call these  hipsters  instead of briefs .
it is too sweet ,  and even more chalky and disheartening than the mango version .
i love amazon ,  but they really failed me in this instance .
the sound quality was not great ,  and the design was cumbersome and annoying .
i have bought tons of screen protectors for num_num different ipods  touch  and num_num different iphones .
worked ok for a while then after about num_num months various buttons started malfunctioning .
both batteries only hold num_num minutes of charge after num_num months .
this mobile phone usb charger broke the very first time i used it .
i have used it about num_num times a week .
my wife used this for a little less than a month before it came apart .
i didn t see that until now ,  when i came back in to review this product .
all i have heard are good things about this game but that is not what i thought .
i don t have sensitive skin on my body so was surprised to have this reaction . amazon should remove this product .
not to mention  as many other reviewers her have pointed out  ,  this is not a silent whistle .
this product does not have the holographic quality depicted in the product sample photo .
i decided to fork over a little more money for these ,  and i just don t care for them .
this is the worst game that i have played that actually bears the final fantasy name .
a drawback to be able to use full function of num_num phones .
after about num_num months i needed to spray pam every time i used it .
this piece will be used to attack your opponent s fortress . at first ,  the game appeared to be a tetris clone .
unless the light is just right ,  this thing is just about impossible to read .
as other reviewers have noted ,  this is not the advertised hamilton beach filter ,  but rather a generic .
not digging this and still trying to figure out what the big deal is .
i went through num_num of these within num_num years .
i have played hundreds of different games ,  and the game play for this one is one of the worst .
linksys has made too many defective equipment for me to recommend this to other people .
i would definitely buy them again ,  but never online .
there aren t really all that many characters ,  and the ones you do meet are never very well characterized .
motorola gives you num_num days to try and return with refund ,  however the return shipping is on you .
it would be difficult to elaborate on this product any better than the other one or two star reviewers .
now if his product is just faulty then i would like a replacement of said item .
also bottom opening is not large enough for the standard charger .
i am very disappointed so far with what sony ,  sega ,  and other software firms have offered for num_extend
it needs to work better than it does now .
i bought my canisters directly from foodsaver ,  but wanted to give a warning here on amazon .
i was looking forward to trying this product because i am a huge lover of mac n cheese .
i have num_num of these and neither one works in the num_num different vcrs i have .
i really wanted to like this shampoo ,  i really did .
i find it quite sad and i would never buy this product this again .
for general home use i would give it possibly num_num stars but for my use ,  only num_num stars .
well ,  i used to; i don t anymore . i have had two of these blenders in the past eight years .
again ,  it looks like a case of a badly made solar panel .
there are very few things i like about these earbuds .
the fish is cute ,  but also boring . i would not recommend this as a bath toy .
be careful with this brand ,  even though they state they are natural and contains no glycols .
i can only conclude that there is a lot of indigestible junk in this food .
it keeps trying to flip around from the back where it is plugged into the wall .
i have a pair that is about num_num years old and i ve finally worn a hole through the heels .
i bought num_num and both stop working within num_num months .
there s nothing i like about them !  one was missing a plastic edge piece on the door .
it might be ok for those with weak palates ,  but i wantmy coffee to taste like coffee .
they do not record so great and i m wondering if they are old or just not very good quality .
this piece of junk stopped working after about num_num weeks .
i could discern little taste difference after mixing this with vinegar and olive oil as specified on the package .
this product does not seem to keep algae away at all .
what i got were flimsy and not very well made .
my first loaf was a soggy ,  compact ,  num_num inch high reject with no browning on the top crust .
i m pretty sure this can hit someone in the face and hurt them if they are close enough .
the only thing they enjoyed about it was the ball .
i don t recommend this item for any one trying to up grade to something better .
i was very excited to get this flat iron after reading reviews here on amazon .
unfortunately ,  that was not the case with this product .
this product is highly over rated and i don t understand all the fuss about them .
i have about $ into this last bike i will ever buy . i have chronic lower back and neck problems .
sorry but this is the worse soup i have ever tasted . i could not even finish one can .
very disappointed with the result of the product .
neither would i give them again as a gift .
the sight radius is smaller with these and the front sight was very loose fitting .
well i could not do that with this product .
in a nutshell ,  this product is a complete waste of money .
just more junk to have laying around the house that wouldn t get played with .
i used it the first night and i notice my face could not breathe well .
really ,  after num_num months ,  this toy looked like it was in a war zone .
when it arrived ,  it was much smaller than it appeared in the photos and reviews .
not only that ,  but contrary to what it said in the manual ,  it is not charging my phone .
the models here are no better than any of the other higher quality shavers i ve owned .
they were so tight i could barely get them over my hips .
i have only used this unit cordless which is why i purchased it .
i didn t have an acne breakout after using this .
besides ,  all the tricks in the world does not keep the food from sticking .
without cloud or squall the game would have been thrown out by most .
don t like these or any other dehydrated products of harmony house that i have tried .
as noted above this device stops working and requires a reset .
the sound quality is not very great and the dimension specs aren t specific enough .
i ordered num_num of these thinking it will last me a while ,  i was wrong .
this site ,  like the russian site ,  seems intent on forcing miniature text onto your browser .
they told me that if i didn t buy it directly from them they wouldn t do anything for me .
this design is not going to hold up over time .
would not recommend buying this product ,  cheap ,  looks and stays dirty ,  difficult to clean .
i ve had this unit quite some time ,  but it is not one of my favorites .
i purchased this product num_num months ago from amazon ,  it is already broken .
what i really find difficult to understand it why this product is so darned expensive .
the beans looked nothing like any espresso beans i have ever seen .
you can barely see the rainbow ?  we even tried it in a small tent and still cant see it .
our mini dachshund wouldn t even give this toy a second look .
could have been just a problem with ours ,  but i was really disappointed with this item either way .
i purchased this product because it claimed to support the hp psc num_extend
as other reviewers have said ,  the coffee grinds are caked along the metal bottom of the grinder .
my num_num year old daughter wanted this for christmas .
in the time i have had this ,  i must have looked at it forty or fifty times .
there is nothing quality about it in flavor or mouth appeal .
this product with the cover on was not large enough for my smaller sized teddy bear hamster .
also it was not the oem usb cable that came with the original htc evo num_extend
i don t get it ,  but buyer beware on this one .
i would not recommend this case to a friend .
this item is described as num_num on the site .
but so weak that it tore up in several places just by wearing them for half an hour .
did not get this product from amazon but still felt compelled to review it .
maybe my expectations were wrong because i thought this coconut was awful .
when i started feeding my dog this bag of food from amazon he developed some gastrointestinal issues .
i do not recommend that anyone buy this fan .
around the third time that i used it the espresso maker stopped working properly .
so beware :  if you facial hair is pretty thick and wiry ,  this will not work for you .
i would have ignored num_num or num_num num_num star reviews ,  but num_extend was too many to ignore .
i ordered this thing about a month ago and still haven t received it .
this game is really not up to the standard we have come to expect from black isle and interplay .
on the plus side ,  it does fit snugly on my iphone num_num and adds very little bulk .
this is the worst num_extend game i have ever played .
so i bought this product june num_num to replace my num_extend
this is very gassy with not much results .
i really wouldn t recommend this particular imaginext toy ,  even though ,  overall ,  i like the toy line .
because of the rigid structure of this shield ,  too much heat is allowed to circulate underneath .
when i first bought this ,  i would have rated it a num_extend
one star because i want people to know the sound quality of these sennheisers is passible at best .
it took me a while to figure out that it was the stevia .
as a side note ,  this and ritz type crackers ,  i don t buy from amazon .
i would be the first to buy one . there are other issues with this petfeeder .
bought this because the idea of the  blending parts  are sealed  can t remove  seemed like it would be sturdier .
i am disappointed to say this as i was very excited after seeing all these positive reviews .
however the color does not last longer than other products .
i m not sure this is a good thing .
they might have worked if the ankle area wasn t so big .
i don t say this very often ,  but i would recommend a friend not buy this set .
it s basically a paperweight that i don t intend to use for charging anything other than headsets and speakers now .
i wanted different color other than the one i have .
my dog wore this for an engagement photo shoot for about num_num minutes .
i used this product twice in a num_num hr period and it did nothing to my ph level .
all of this means that i can not cut as efficiently as with my other knives .
even after playing it many times ,  i still find it frustrating .
i would say it is ok to keep the grass off ya .  . but i would not recommend to a friend .
really ?  never even heard of this company until i searched for uag ,  and it came up in search results .
you basically have to pay $ to keep espn from spamming your email .
the adhesive is not good and they only stick for about num_num minutes .
i was really looking forward to getting these binoculars .
coming from a man who has been playing paintball for num_num years ,  this game was a bitter disappointment .
only made num_num shakes from this and gave it to my boyfriend .
third ,  the game s  missions  and other things become tedious after the num_extend time that you have done them .
i used it both night and day for way more than num_num months .
its not a very good pda ,  especially for the price ,  and it should have been what the num_extend wasnt .
i gave it num_num stars because it did not do any damage to my hair .
bought this to replace a broken pulley style .
there is nothing wrong with it ,  just doesn t do any more than the regular supplements .
i have been using john peterson isometric workout for close to a year .
this product irritaed my skin more than anything .
well ,  you get what you pay for . the rubbery part on the curler fell off after a couple of weeks .
i was hoping this aveeno would be even more gentle and mild ,  since it doesn t contain perfume .
other than that ,  i ll stick to their bowls .
in all of my attempts ,  i have received a little over num_num hour of actual play time .
for my money i got small ,  puny kernels of popcorn and many unpopped kernels .
when u buy this controller you only buy it to save num_num bucks .
this is not for thin ,  fine hair . do not buy it if you have normal to fine hair .
i have never written a bad review for any product i have purchased here before .
please note that i am not a fan of flavored coffee so perhaps my expectations were just too high .
i gave him the remaining num_num boxes and hope i have better luck with the chocolate flavored ones .
i will echo the issues others have had :  first ,  we live in tennessee :  this thing is a spider magnet .
the only way i could fix this was to cover the hole with tape .
i was so looking forward to whipping up some large pearl tapioca pudding .
this is my only num_num star review of any product .
they would stop working in the rain and would work intermittently for several days after getting rained on .
the blades are shifted and not easy to work with it .
i needed a new headset  my blueant is so small and light i constantly lose it  .
other than multiplayer this game is not worth getting .
you d think quality control at the manufacturer would catch something like that .
i received this and it worked probably the first num_num times and then the zipper broke .
i have multiple cats ,  and this product did not work for me at all .
they inevitably fall down ,  or the cleaning lady does something .
i can see why it should be cooked soft . i really wanted to like this cereal but i don t .
the puzzle pieces still aren t very good for this age either .
after reading reviews ,  we sized up but it is too tight and slightly long .
i bought this item for my iphone and when it arrived suprise ,  it does not work with the iphone .
i would have been hideously disappointed if i had paid retail for this at the store .
it took about a month to get this item .
i bought this phone from cellsman and all i can say is don t buy from them .
i would not recommend this mobile at all .
i am not a home economist ,  but i know they would agree with me when i say .
if your a perfectionist or have issue with the little things ,  this is really not for you .
i am sorry  :   i was unhappy with this purchase .
this makes the absolute worst coffee i have ever tasted .
this is a nice looking machine but kitchen aid has ignored quality control .
and children can still fall out of this tent ,  it s not really secured to the bed .
my son and i have been buying the metal fight beyblades from takara tomy in japan .
after applying the protector i was shocked to find out how easy it was to scratch this screen protector .
from the first moment you play it is just poor looking constant gratuitous violence .
if i apply only this lotion ,  my face will be peeling off still . will not buy this again .
how much sugar do kids need ?  is there an rda for that ? my son was not impressed with the straw .
it clumps too much ,  and i just bought it !  seems very dry .
i ve only used this about num_num times since i bought it and used it the past two consecutive nights .
i bought one of these about num_num years back and found it to be a poor product .
they are huge and plastic ,  so i can t sleep with them either .  .  . they are just sitting in my closet .
these may reduce heel pain a little ,  but they re not at all curative for plantar fasciitis .
although the switch itself has a  lifetime  warranty ,  the power adapter is only warrantied for two years .
they only time they move is when i lose enough weight that i need to go down a size .
there just isn t enough action or violence or speed .
i would had to have taken this item to a vac .
save yourself the headache and do not buy anything from this seller .
would not purchase again and would stick with single piece adapters .
my daughter is num_num months old and takes this toy apart every time she plays with it .
so i m very unhappy with this toy considering the price .
they worked for my first trip ,  but would not hold air the second time i used them .
amazon refunded and told me to just throw the food away .
i wanted to like the three flavors of these i ordered .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . but ,  i just cannot enjoy them .
i tried to attach this thing everywhere on my bike and i just couldn t make myself happy with it .
stay away from zippered bags and force luggage manufacturers to start making more secure luggage .
they are not smooth like you would expect from a touchscreen screen protector .
after trying this product ,  i have to say ,  i didn t feel anything .
used three of the five that it comes with . not worth it .
but it wasn t and quite possibly more boring than anything i ve ever played before .
but other than that killing your prey is very ,  very ,  very ,  very .
this picture does no justes to these socks ,  they are not like the old ones .
this watch is very small ,  it look like a ladys watch so i give it to my girlfriend .
this conditioner does the opposite of everything you d want .
i will not be buying these bags due to this issue .
also ,  be warned that there isn t a twist ending ,  just an anticlimactic one .
they are rated at num_num mah ,  but they don t have nearly that charge capacity .
i bought this because it was supposed to be an easy reader watch ,  well ,  it wasn t for me .
this is being relegated to my be spice grinder ,  which i don t use every day .
i guess i shouldn t have been surprised these are quite cheap .
i really wanted to believe the things that mally says about this mascara however it is really a disappointment .
we had never tried pastilles but thought we would give them a whirl .
also ,  it would likely get more use if you have a chair that you can dedicate it to .
what the description did say was that this product was new .
it then had very strange noise ,  sounded like the belt was not turning from time to time .
this blender replaced a sunbeam i had for num_num years .
there is a reason this is cheap .  .  . it s just not as good as genuine royall lyme .
the reviews of this excited me so much ,  that the disappointment of what i received was extra frustrating .
my num_num year old lost interest pretty quickly in this one .
plato brand  . i would never recommend this chinese made brand  cadet  to any pet owner .
i have to really rub to get my makeup off with these .
after num_num months the first one suddenly died .
i feel like this purchase was really a waste of my money .
this whole operation is the most amateurish i have ever seen .
i would not bother buying another one from this brand .
very bad graphic quality and also game experiencethe game seems it was made for num_extend rather than num_extend
i had been very excited to get them ,  and so disappointed when they arrived .
this product is very small and is very cheaply made .
i have a num_num lbs pit mix and i was scared she was going to swallow these whole .
otherwise they would have been fine i suspect .
i personally think otterbox failed with this one .
i purchased pair num_extend returned them because they were too wide .
well ,  on to the next brand to waste some more money on what is probably more chinese outsourced junk .
people here are saying ,  that s okay and you can just accept their inferior product ,  blah ,  blah ,  blah .
if i didn t absolutely need this product ,  i wouldn t have even given it num_num stars .
i with i hadn t bought num_num of these .
this pen doesn t work very well at all .
i had to take some advil and wait an hour before the pain subsided .
i will not puchase this in the future .
the ball that lights up didn t do much difference .
i had always heard that this machine was the summum of the casual user s needs .
it came out with threads loose on the edges and started unraveling .
this one ,  just like their brazilian kit were complete disasters .
the graphics are also pretty unimpressive compared to what we currently have out there .
none of the other cables have this issue .
after a week i decided to just take it off and throw it away .
i owned this watch for many years and lost it .
the people who love them must not get out much .
well i am sorely disappointed after reading all the reviews about this machine .
in short ,  it s just maddening and so i would not recommend it to anyone . oh yes there s a third thing .
stupid me .  .  . i just assumed these would be the right size for my hunter .
not sure if it is genuine or not ,  but this cable does not work properly .
i don t think this product works for me .
i was excited to see them on amazon warehouse deals ,  but they arrived very stale .
this thing will just frustrate you and fall apart .
the second level on this toy arrived broken ,  it did not register when the stylus was on the screen .
even then you will probably have to remove your water bottle holder .
it is not even a lot of fun to watch films with this particular speaker .
and i mean she really did not like this food .
been buying new balance since num_extend but will probably look elsewhere next time .
the first time i used this product it burned my eyes .
all those other reviewers who said that this dish rack is too small for actual dishes are correct .
i was looking for a good and cheap moisturizing treatment .
i contacted amazon and they apologized for the sellers poor quality .
i ve been a fan of motorola products but this unit is driving me crazy .
this was my first case upon purchasing my iphone num_extend
the wires aren t very strong ,  and they got bent while i was trying to slice mushrooms .
the picture splintered off a part of the pieces .   we glued one back together but the other isn t salvageable .
i don t know if other chargers do the same ,  but i am dissapointed with the performance of this product .
i decided i needed a new seal puller and picked this up cheap here on amazon .
we must have had a lux timer for num_num years ,  many moons ago .
it looks like % of the game will be jedi in about num_num months of this update .
i did not place them far apart from each other even though we have a lot of land .
they always turned the exact same color  same shade ,  etc  no matter what i ate .
i would never recommend this for an elongated toilet as it is very unstable .
not bad to have in a first aid kit . one box of num_num assorted gauze pads ,  num_num different sizes .
this product does not replace the authentic item .
but there are two things about this that did not work for num_extend it tastes bad .
some have been good and most have been bad .
if i didn t like this product so much i would switch brands .
other than that ,  i think i am going to look for something else .
wow ,  was i looking forward to this after the great reviews .
i was always hearing static or interference on any choice . i am returning this item to amazon .
this sucks because i heard this stuff was suppose to work but it does absolutely nothing for me .
this thing will break within num_num minutes of your first use .
would not try this product again even if offered free again .
for the twelve hours that i have owned this game ,  the servers have been down for six .
my daughter ,  who is now num_num years old has wanted this ant farm for two years .
my old ,  brand x ,  water flosser died after about num_num years of near daily use .
i mean ,  video games are the thing that you spent hours in traffic so that you can play .
i have purchased several canon lenses off amazon ,  and this is by far the worst yet .
even they are only num_extend they are pretty loud ,  and i have run these outside with no problems .
whoever designed this game must seriously hate kids .
they are distructive chewers and this looked like it might last them a while .
i don t really like the idea of dabbing this product on a bloody razor nick .
this isn t exactly a pocketable phone so get used to carrying it all of the time .
i guess for the price one cannot expect much from this company .
i would not buy them again or recommend them to anyone else .
not enough omega num_num or evening primrose oil to make difference for me .
but i would not suggest running ap without password to anyone .
this paracord was the right color ,  but the core was something other than num_num strand nylon .
absolutely ridiculous !  i would not recommend this product .
then i bought them again and they were hard and crumbly ,  naturally my dogs didn t like them .
this seller basically just cut these out himself and burned holes to fit the camera and home button .
this battery wasn t any better than the battery it was replacing .
i used num_num times total and now the machine can t grind any kind meat .
when you use the touch screen it isnt smooth like it has resistance and very annoying .
i should have heeded warning from the other reviewers ,  this set makes me just plain sad .
well num_num minutes later it started smoking and killed my phone .
the fork also bends pretty easily which is not good when trying to eat a steak .
if you have used a blackberry before ,  you ll have no trouble picking this up and going on your way .
i am very disappointed to have received a defective product and have requested a refund .
do yourself a favor and stay away from this pole .
it looks cheap and just doesn t look like the picture .
it seems to me this is about the worst koi food i have ever tried .
the product was poor and it was equaled to their poor customer service .
it took me quite a while to figure out how to put it all back for reshipping to amazon .
i do not have a problem with scents or perfume but this is over powering .
this thing cant get above num_num stars probly cus the shipping was fast .
i have spent over $ on nokia phones that are now useless .
actually purchased this at wallyworld because my num_extend one crapped out .
i don t like the feel of this on my face .
i ordered this phone to replace a droid num_num that only lasted a week .
if you wiggle them enough to make them work ,  they will in turn damage your phone as well .
it looks and feels like a cheap aftermarket one ,  exactly what i didn t want .
it s all up to you . overall :  i had this game for about num_num days before i took it back .
after num_num weeks ,  i finally get the replacement .
i burned my danglylows while trying to iron a work shirt with this ironing board .
it was cheap but the clip broke in less than a week .
when questioned ,  he stated that maca s lead content is lower than this .
while this set boasts on having num_num pieces ,  many of them are repetitive or difficult to use .
this helmet only lasted num_num years with minimal use and kept safely in the garage .
think it s time to stay away from levis .
but ,  i question how a product that smells this vile could be good for anyone .
about a year later the right earphone started cutting out when i adjusted the volume .
this set is pretty flimsy and not as good as other rings i ve tried .
this item is probably better than nothing ,  which is why i am leaving num_num stars .
i read over reviews on amazon before pulling the trigger on this set .
i learned the hard way and hope that others will learn from my mistake .
i also did not like the fact that there was not volume control and the caller sounded extremely loud .
disappointing because i wanted to give my  babies  something they would enjoy .
but this is just cheap  wedge  foam ,  doesn t work well for me .
when i received this item ,  there was no silverware holder ,  which was one of the features i really wanted .
i tried this product because i had seen a review for it and was out of my powder .
i have dry index fingers and thumbs and applied this product for several days .
i bought this tire in size num_extend to replace worn out tire on used mountain bike i bought .
but i can say this was a bad buy in that the rig is not very comfortable to wear .
otherwise i would have rated it a bit higher . update :  i have thrown this item away .
so this doesn t make the game incredibly easy .
we had this last year and it lasted for less than a month .
this item has serious issues . it will freeze and restart when you constantly download things .
these batteries do not hold a charge very well .
we returned this as it didn t work for compressions socks .
i have not been able to find a single place in my house where i can use this .
the adhesive would not stick on one corner ,  even after being clamped down overnight .
i would expect this from a fps game ,  but not an isometric view .
if you can live with average sound and are not using these to run then they should be fine .
really ,  save your money ,  unless you can get this dirt cheap .
this is a very poor quality soap with a nice name and packaging .
and i would think twice before subscribing to shipments of this product as it is currently packaged .
i am very surprised and disappointed that this fiber has such high ratings .
i am not happy with this company !  slowest shipping ever .
no way would this line get anywhere close to supporting num_num lbs .
i would not recommend purchasing this corn popper .
it wasn t expensive so no love lost but i would not order again .
after you are done wipe down with a basic polishing cloth .
i m totally afraid to buy this because of the reviews .
this blender is unreliable and does not work well for smoothies  our main use for a blender  .
this is hard plastic ,  and only fits a portion of the dog house .
accidentally dropped this ,  about num_num feet ,  and the clip broke off .
i replaced them with some spare ones that i have .
i thought i would try the lower profile sock and i will not be buying more .
a whole can made up with water is only num_num calories . however ,  that said ,  i shan t be buying it again .
the problem is that the game would lock up after about num_num minutes of play .
when i came across this  it s just a piece of plastic  ,  i didn t pay enough attention .
gave up and used an over the counter antihistamine which worked within a few days .
unless you treat your cosmetics like they re fragile children ,  i don t really recommend this product .
i am very good with electronic gadgets but i had no luck whatsoever with the belkin tunecast ii .
sometimes it worked; other times it didn t; so didn t really have confidence in it .
after about num_num months the charger stopped working altogether .
no installing help ,  no game info ,  it comes with nothing !  !  !  !  that is really num_extend
unfortunately ,  i didn t know that when i purchased the junky one that i got .
that s really the only reason i kept this brush instead of returning it .
i have no problems with the audio itself .
i won t wear them in public because of the boxy ,  short ,  oversized look of them .
i bought this game ,  only to find out that it would not work on our pc .
so i thought id better order a couple more ,  big mistake .
i have had this for a few weeks ,  my cats will not use this .
they do not look good in my kitchen .
it s ok though ,  i use this pot for other things that i can sterilize with steam .
i have two cats using this and not full time .
it was in pieces literally within num_num minutes of opening the package .
owners should consult their veterinarian if signs are severe or persist for more than num_num hours .
this screen protector is absolutely horrible !  i could never get the bubbles out .
the main problem with these bowls is that they re easily pulled over by guinea pigs .
the only good thing is that they are reasonably custom sized .
this is the num_extend headset i have tried .
this seems to be the only ai thing that actually makes sense in the game .
coffee permanent filters as  stocking stuffers  to go with the same brand coffee makers for christmas .
before i said it was exactly what i needed ,  and now i m saying don t waste your money .
although some people seem to like it ,  i cannot recommend it .
however this recent battery doesn t last much longer than my old battery .
i have to wonder about all the num_num start reviews ?  my experience num_extend
i also hear that people take out rows of teeth on the brush .
well these turned out to be not good quality at all .
i have been very disappointed with this product ,  and its use with my hp pavilion num_extend laptop .
however ,  it is so cheaply made that it just isn t worth the money spent .
i have had this router for about two years ,  and it has never worked smoothly .
i m not sure that i d drink this to help with nausea either ,  to be honest .
both made really ugly loaves ,  but that wouldn t have mattered if the bread tasted good .
i was looking forward to buying and using this product .
don t waste you money on this if you have an iphone num_extend
can t believe the price on this stuff now ,  i paid half that when i ordered it .
and the first time my boyfriend and i went to use them they broke .
what a failure ,  i needed to cover a cord ,  but this thing never got flat even after being heated .
i ll give it one more try . old : it lasted about num_num minutes then registered high only .
i have dropped my phone a few times while in this case .
when you try to sharpen them they just crumble .
i ll move on to a different brand that hopefully will not fail in such a short time .
i wanted to like this product ,  but the fit just isn t right .
i owned this camera for less than num_num hours .
you would need to bathe in the stuff to get it last longer than num_num minutes .
if it is really low carb it won t be cheap ,  check the prices of any other low carb products .
it is a shame that a brand new drive would not last more than a week .
not to mention i received this product that fits a little loose into my actual car charger .
after num_num months of use ,  both the headlight and taillight cuts out intermittently .
cheapo decks that do not have this feature may work fine with these tapes .
i took a chance and ordered it ,  but it was just a big waste of time .
had i read the product description more carefully ,  i would not have tried this product .
i bought this because i loved the ingredients ,  but let me just say the smell is awful .
the infections would get better then come back ,  get better then come back ,  never completely going away .
i have been using these tablets before breakfast and dinner ,  and again before i go to bed .
i have bought two bags of this and both smelled off somehow .
i don t think lipton thought about all their loyal customers before making this change to the product .
i normally am a fan of oxo products ,  but this one is just to flimsy .
this was a really cheap knife and the first one i bought years ago .
there was a bit of dirt that showed up ,  but overall i didn t like this product .
i ve used the product several times and it looks like too old . so i wouldn t purchase from this seller .
i still have it today but only because i m under contract with verizon .
if this seems like a ridiculous deal for three hardwood cutting boards ,  well it is .
i purchased this toy after reading num_num reviews which gave the toy an average of num_extend stars .
i thought these would be a good substitute for old wisconsin turkey meat sticks or old wisconsin pepperoni sticks .
i used this bag for num_num miles before the zipper pried open during a ride .
i really wanted to buy this game ,  but since hearing about the evil drm in it ,  i ve decided against .
looks and plays nothing like pc or arcade version and the moves are too complicated .
i have been buying the new balance num_num for years .
nothing against this product it is exactly as described .
i haven t been using any other products with this ,  and i only use it once a day .
this speaker could not even withstand the power of num_extend
boy was i wrong . this remote does not have enough memory !  !  ! that facts alone makes it a loser .
i d suggest getting a better quality one that will last longer .
i want my road bike tires at about num_num psi and that just isn t possible with this pump .
you just don t get your money s worth with this game .  :   .
i hope this isn t the case because they would be toying with the danger of killing our dogs .
this item worked as advertised for the first num_num days and then died while in use .
this spatual blade is thick ,  and does not have a thin edge for scraping .
i expected better ! frankly ,  i bought a $ cheap kvm from china off ebay num_num years ago that works better .
at first i made sure i never fell asleep with it on ,  just in case .
still to this point i have not found a solvent that completely removes quick shine .
i have had this food processor for a few years now and am not at all impressed .
within num_num weeks it broker entirely ,  then the latch hole broke through to the next hole .
the pebble colors are nice but very poor quality and will most likely not last very long .
i ve since plated two other advo formulas ,  purchased from two different vendors and got the same poor results .
it looks like they re thick and heavy in the picture but they re actually flimsy and not that heavy .
i don t want my animals freaked out just putting something like this one them .
there are just not enough improvements in this game for me to recommend it to anyone .
some things work ,  some key things don t . i paid about $ for this after rebate .
i have been trying some different products for a very ,  very picky eater .
i wanted this bread tray to match what i already have .
both are made in china ,  but are the first chicago cutlery with this problem .
this is a low quality product ,  full of ingredients that i am not excited about putting on my face .
it will not provide you with wireless internet ,  and you will get no help from customer service .
i gave it a num_num star mainly because i found it not properly made and needing to return it .
i wish i had read some of the amazon reviews first .
i found out the only returns you can get from this company is a refund .
the low price tag is a plus ,  but there are few other redeeming qualities with this dog food product .
same thing with another pair but those came with my samsung num_extend
if i saw this purple carabiner in the store ,  i absolutely wouldn t have purchased it .
the problem is that it is very thick and heavy .
it s very flimsy construction and it probably wore out just from plugging in and out for num_num months .
maybe when i reach menopause ,  i can use this product ,  but not now .
there is also little reason to replay this game which further degrades its worth .
this product was ordered the beginning of end of november but still has not come in .
very dissapointed to have lost a quater of my order due to lack of packing from manufacturer .
this case was was not for me it is very very cheap .
i bought this for my husband and he did not get to use it .
this happened while using the blue case ,  but they re the same exact product .
now you would think that if they don t go together easily ,  at least they d stay together ,  right ?  nope .
very rubbery and not the same quality as the ecpensive ones .
computer stores sell this product for like $ i m buying a different brand .  .  . we ll see .
i bought this a month ago and it broke already and i cannot get my money back .
i felt better during the break than when using it . i m sorry this product didn t work for me .
not cool considering i ran it through a wall . today s lesson :  test your cords before running them .
maybe i should have bought a more expensive brand so i could have something that is better quality .
i think over time this will only get worse and is pretty typical of other reviews that i ve read .
with this being said think twice before you pull out your credit card .
definitely no better than one of those perforated pizza pans that sell for about $
this was a disappointment !  !  !  my curls lasted no longer than num_num minutes after i ran my fingers through it .
i had purchased this watch for my teenage son for christmas num_extend
if i wanted a chinese knife i would have bought a chinese knife .
however ,  i now know that this product is not genuine .
i don t know that these are any more helpful than just drinking lots of fluids and juices .
i would not purchase again or recommend it .
i also ordered it via prime and it took num_num days to reach me .
this is hawaii ,  so more beach to explore would have been nice .
i am no longer confident i can rely on this product charging my phone without frying it .
i have had zero problems ever since i started doing this .
plus the number of  is this useful votes  is usually less than num_num votes .
the plastic base is very thin and could easily be ruined with one step or fall onto it .
i bought it and like how it worked but it broke after only num_num weeks of use .
first they are not no show on a size num_extend more like a ankle .
it oxidizes my jewelry pieces so i don t like it !  ! all my jewelry were stained with this product .
i agree with the other reviewers on the hinge issue ,  they are terrible .
i ll give num_num stars just in case it was my error on installation ,  but overall disappointed in the product .
it also started falling apart after about a month .
it it a bit too small and i would not recommend this screen protector .
i bought these on the basis of other reviews and i m so sorry .
thought this might be good in a pinch or traveling ,  but it is not .
this toy is made of the cheap and brittle plastic like you d expect from a pharmacy toy .
when i ve gone to the doctor for colds the last two years ,  my blood pressure has been high .
had i read other reviews on this product before buying ,  i never would have purchased this filter .
other than my skin being softer ,  i really did not notice any change from using this product .
the only reason that i gave this product num_num stars is because it works .
i have no idea why this product got such great ratings .
if it was sewn a little bit better i would have given this a higher star rating .
will not order any more of these products .
my hair has not seen a change from the first time i ve used it .
tried using it and after about num_num minutes or so ,  it stopped .
didn t fit my screen and wouldn t install well with the instructions .
i have played many adventure games ,  but this is really lousy .
buyer beware ,  once again amazon has just thrown fragile food items in a box without adequate packaging .
while thin ,  this cutter seems durable ,  just it didn t cut as well as another cutter we tried .
i have arthritis in my hands and found this product difficult to use .
i was not to impressed with this string wax .
unless you paln to never cancel your subscription ,  i would suggest not buying this game .
would not take the chance on this brand again .
this charger appears from the picture that it would have a fairly long cord .
it would be better to get a more expensive device that works and that can be updated .
i don t know what i thought it would smell like ,  maybe i just got a bad bottle .
don t bother ,  it s not there . i have used zagg ,  and this .
overall i was not happy with the game itself .
i seriously could not get it to cut my finger when heavy pressure was applied .
don t expect  restaurant quality  as some here have said .
this charger seems like a good idea ,  but quality problems made it dead on arrival .
i didn t actually taste this ,  but i thought it had a strange smell .
it usually takes about num_num minutes before the discomfort becomes hurt .
besides not working the other thing i did not like about this was the power cord .
i just don t like the fact that the stimulation was so strong .
save your money and don t get ripped off by this scam they have going .
with these game developers making games for the num_extend num_extend i understand they have alot on their plate .
my major complaint is a consistent problem i have had since i bought it .
i had used this product previously which i had purchased from my hair dresser .
this product does not work on my hair as described .
altogether ,  this game struck me as a rushed job by people who don t really care about it .
this should really be listed as a large armband .
if i was num_num and wearing these as slippers ,  i d keep them .
i tired using this dander remover num_num times and she still had problems .
seems like since cisco bought linksys ,  they halted development on all their products .
the problem is they have been completely worn down in less than num_num miles of riding .
i returned them to amazon and ordered another pair of the dockers signature khaki num_extend
my daughter tried these on and immediately hated them .
first i must say that this is not my kind of granola .
in the meantime ,  i am using the wires that needed replacing after several months .
i don t even bother putting the doors back on since i was doing it many times a day .
the other issue was after a couple of weeks ,  i started developing bumps and white heads .
the problem i had with this strap was the leather suede would flake off in high humidity environment .
there are so many wrong things about this product .
the only other problem with this router is something that developed a few months after purchase .
as for me the disappointment was too great for me to recommend this to anyone .
they like other scratchers ,  but this one does nothing for them .
got this last year and have hated it ever since .
just to get through the opening sequence takes about num_num minutes of dialog .
worked fine for about num_num months ,  then broken .
i used it for about num_num minutes and tried to curl my lashes .
after about num_num uses cookies stuck to it just like a cookie sheet .
it takes like num_num seconds to open the menu and start a battle once engaged .
i literally held the laptop right next to my ap and this thing still couldn t detect it .
it tastes nothing like a brownie ,  barely tastes like chocolate and there is no crunch .
i like the convenience ,  but the sound quality is not really good enough .
normally i love lodge cast iron cookware but this item should not have been shipped to anyone .
these were the worst walnuts that i have ever eaten in my life .
i deal with seniors num_extend so this is totally unacceptable .
i bought this player in november num_num and it stopped working a few days ago .
i haven t had a chance to use this product ,  since the spray nozzle arrived in num_num pieces .
it should be able to withstand the abuse of a num_num yr old .
they last longer than regular band aids but nowhere as much as nexcare waterproof ones .
decided to try the cozy ll and regret my decision ,  even though i ve only had them for a week .
look elsewhere for something that has at least a smidgeon of quality which this does not .
unfortunately ,  this one does not do what it needs to do !  darn it !  !  .
considering it s pricier ,  i would likely not purchase again because i don t think it adds much .
this practice does not fit well with amazon s ethos and culture .
it also didnt smell that great ,  more like men s cologne .
these amazon reviews are just nonsense which led me to buy this crap .
i stopped using it immediately and have been using skinceuticals retinol instead .
dlink claims that the unapproved driver will work ,  but in my experience it didn t .
i ve tried to use this product several times and it never seems to fully remove a blackhead completely .
i have tried netgear assistance on the phone but they do not have a solution .
first time used the handle just melted off .
i ordered according to the size chart but it just seems too big .
this item is not helful as advertised for a person in need of assistance .
i have purchased many sodamix syrups and this one was very disappointing . the taste was flat .
however ,  they are not very good at removing makeup .
i really can t even get an idea of what s behind me because this one in particular ,  keep moving .
also ,  the ice keeps cold for about num_num minutes .
at first i felt like a previous reviewer and didn t think they were authentic .
i have been in excruciating pain for num_num hours from drinking one cup of this tea .
i have also read on other sites that smc products have overheating issues  thus the lock up ?   .
it s not unbearable ,  but not good when there are so many other ,  better choices .
these are for the very small ear canal people out there .
well ,  after num_num hours it decided to start at beginning again .
this is a piece of crap !  it doesn t fit my iphone num_num at all and doesn t work either .
so i would not advise buying this brand .
i ve been buying these exact shirts for years ,  usually at a local store .
i have been using cushion grip and fixodent ,  but wanted to try something new .
very disappointed as i really like the taste of hazelnut .
what is up with the price !  ?  it just keeps running away !  !  !  get it under control ,  num_extend
i had hopes that this game would make up for those shortcomings since it was sponsored by the ntra .
i am very disappointed with this purchase ,  and will have to purchase another to do the job .
there are many people here raving about this and many receiving bottles with no smell .
ended up buying from store .  . won t order again ,  sorry .
i have tried other  healthy  chocolate bars ,  but i would not recommend this one .
i m not as pleased with this screen protector as i thought i would be .
i had a sony clie and a palm a while back and both didn t last me very long .
we received this as a gift and were disappointed .
i have placed these in several of my phones since they first came out in the num_extend
i m too dense to have num_num different controls to run the game ,  that s why i stick to racing games .
i bought num_num large ones ,  i will not buy more ,  until they improve the material ,  and the weak frame .
when ea s biggest gimmick is a num_num second commercial of shaq sweating ,  you know you have problems .
he is shy and i was hoping this would help but it didnt help at all .
given that the toy does very little ,  this i believe is a major flaw .
overall ,  i am very disappointed with the quality of my unit .
the worst piece of crap that i have ever bought .
i ordered several of these at the same time and they have all had the same fate .
it does not clump well ,  and the clumps start to fall apart when they are scooped .
i cannot really explain with words how worthless this product is .
this included num_num models in the num_num and num_num model series  including this num_extend
turns out to be a common problem with units sold before jan num_extend
unfortunately ,  the ingredients did not mention that there are raisins in this product .
didn t work out that way ,  it actually loses it s charge faster than the old battery .
these are just too damn tight for comfortable use over any length of time .
it seems like this camera only has about a num_num year lifespan .
this item was suggested when i purchased my num_extend platinum drinkwell pet fountain .
very disappointed and do not recommend this product it s not worth sending back .
after reading the reviews on here i was hesitant to use the product i had just purchased .
not impressed and shouldn t have ordered the three that i did .
however ,  the audio quality of these earphones are seriously bad .
borderline greasy look so if that s what you re seeking this overpriced crap is just your thing .
i did not purchase this from amazon ,  but from target .
this stuff is just sunblock and ,  at this price point ,  not really worth it .
the mix bubbled up in an ugly fashion in the microwave ,  leaving cakes that looked like they had boils .
in fact ,  i think this product is a straight rip off of nasofix .
mine lasted about num_num months before my thunderbolt started having power problems .
the software included with this product does not work well with windows xp service pack num_extend
even doing this didn t work .  .  .  . and forget hitting the taint .
i am very frusterated because i really want to love this product .
i was hoping this would be as yummy as it sounds ,  even tho i had read many negative reviews .
she s had him for over num_num months ,  and she still cries whenever we turn him on .
unfortunately i bought $ of it because it was a lower price .
i d bet that they have heard these complaints alot .  .  . and can t be bothered .
so if you need a longer cord ,  or lose their cord ,  you re out of luck .
i didn t realize the car charger i had for my droid phone would work with my galaxy phone .
anybody seen  todd margaret  ?  with all the boxes labeled  bad sanitation  ?  it makes me think of this stuff .
i tried them on several times with different looks but couldn t find a reason to like them .
there has to be a company out there which doesn t use junky glass manufacturing such as this .
this is a cheap imitation that frays when cutting .
i should not have bought this book the first place i saw it .
it smells like old patchouli !  i would recommend trying argan magic oil instead of this stuff .
just received this kit and it is only num_num pieces .
sure ,  that could be off ,  but those devices have been standardized over decades .
i just know they have not mess with it at all since i got it .
this one is so heavy and hard to handle .
i tend to sleep side ,  back num_extend with this pillow .
used over num_num mos ,  and no real change .
assembly :  i asked my num_num year old daughter to assemble the units .
it was not worth the money i spent .
this collar hurt my dog more than it helped him .
also the bottom plastic plate that works with the topeak rack has cracked in half .
maybe the one i received was faulty ,  but it seems that others reviewing here have had similar experiences .
as it is this mask won t stay on and with the velcro makes sleeping impossible .
i would not recommend for people to purchase .
i know i would never have even tried it if it had smelled like this then .
it does not do what it claims and causes more break outs .
ordered this hoping to fix my iphone num_num camera and i got the first one  didn t work  .
i bought these crocs for my granddaughter and was very dissapointed that they were too big for her .
this thing stopped working after light use in about num_num months .
i only gave this product num_num star because it did not fit my phone .
this never occurred with the handle assembly kit that originally came with my waterpik .
do not buy this liner unless you want your liner to flake off and fall into your eyes .
we definitely will not be using this as the main food for her and i ll tell you why .
i ordered this to attach a memory card to my samsung phone during a trip .
for my purposes ,  it will be ok ,  but its not quite like the picture and not great quality .
overall i feel as though this product is weak .
i would definitely recommend you stay away from this mess .
this was my last thing i have not tried .
to me ,  i did not enjoy these that much ,  and would not purchase them .
there is nothing special about this side dish .
the advertising could have been more clear that it is not for the note .
i d advise looking elsewhere for a first aid kit for your home or office .
it is terrible and it makes hideous looking meat that looks like something from a horror movie .
this is the second issue i ve had with otterbox purchases made on amazon .
the seller did not tell everything about this phone .
i hope the oxo designers are reading these reviews because this unit is harming their reputation ,  .
i have been using for num_num days ,  never missing a day and applying twice a day at times .
it s not horrible ,  but it s not great ,  especially considering the price .
the veggie pile with what is most likely carrots ,  corn ,  and peas looks like a pile of throw up .
boys were also shown what could be done with this toy ,  but soon lost interest .
i tried to use this charging my samsung note num_num and motorola photon .
but i have only used each  to make sure the first wasn t a lemon  a couple of times .
tracks are little breadcrumb trails that record your movements on the gps map .
this is a cheap product that uses cheap dye .
only after num_num months !  ?  !  ?   now i m not sure it it s my fault or sony s human error .
it is annoying to have to chase down an order that does not complete .
was the product faulty ?  well ,  it went off for no reason ,  so i m going to go with yes .
i ve purchased about num_num cans per month of this for about num_num months .
i have always trusted oxo products ,  but this time i was woefully mislead .
either way ,  for these prices ,  they really ought to have the sizing figured out .
i would pass on this particular model ,  not worth the money and not a lot of fun .
i chose this rating because i believe this toy is dangerous .
i d be a frequent flyer on these chips if they d just do them so i won t get sick .
they spend several hundred dollars every year on their lawns .
i contacted  via amazon  the seller ,  payless beauty ,  and they don t take returns .
i m rating num_num stars because the quality does not justify the total price .
i have taken this supplement multiple times since then and have felt nothing .
it does not protect a phone from fall .
i would not have bought this pedometer had i known these things .
i guess they would be good fire starters but i wouldn t count on them for cooking .
i tried it when my phone was fully charged and the phone battery still drained .
so ,  the other colored tubes that came with the sight are useless .
this is the first tech product i owned that has ever died on me .
sound quality was still thin ,  but prevailed over the cabin noise due to the noise cancellation feature .
i would have liked to see flying fox ,  one of bohan s minions ,  be in bohan s place .
i guess i shouldn t have expected much for $ but the audio quality on these headphones is really poor .
i have been buying these lamps for num_num or num_num years .
however ,  after only num_num months of light use  used on my rig at home  it is toast .
the camlock is a very tight locking mechanism that does not budge when the dog paws at the noseband .
i received a beige slip . not what i ordered ,  problem not corrected .
this is the first plantronics product that literally fails in every category .
it worked for a little over a year before it died .
if your looking for a suikoden game ,  well this isn t it either .
it will not shoot a small steel ball over num_num feet .
still ,  if you don t like this kind of thing ,  avoid this game . my recommendation is not to play this game .
the old router works faster than this gigabit router ,  even though we followed the instructions on the new one .
when i bought this case it was only $ so i didnt have the greatest of expectations .
grasshopper parts ,  for example !  would not purchase again .
i couldn t tell a difference after using this .
after using this ,  my hair was dry and looked horrible ,  i will never buy this again .
i am very disappointed with pretty much every aspect of this product .
i ve used a couple flat brushes before and they were much shorter and flatter than this .
my opinion spend the $ on num_num they last me about num_num months .
i think of this mistake as a lesson learned and would not recommend these nor buy them again .
regardless ,  this tea is really not very good .
did the seller imagine that i would just shrug off $ like it was nothing ?  .
also ,  those num_num arenas look very identical ,  making each arena pretty much the same .
i ve listed far better choices below ,  ones that can be used as babies grow older .
what a waste of perfume !   :   even though it is a great idea ,  i would not recommend this product .
it s available for much cheaper elsewhere ,  as other commenters have said .
this cereal tastes pretty good ,  i expected it to taste terrible ,  but it isn t .
this product was more orange then the other classic tan foundations i have used in the past .
those who say otherwise must have stuffy noses .
if you are not dark complected ,  i would seriously not recommend this .
just like another item i bought from orange discount center ,  it wasn t oem ,  even though it said it was .
i would have given these a num_num star rating but they contain artificial sweetener .
the control buttons are also difficult to manage while driving .
i also think that they have a low chance of holding interest for a prolonged amount of time .
it didn t perform as expected ,  and wasn t worth the money i paid for it .
also the people that sell it to you from amazon ,  antonline ,  could care less if it works or not .
i have been using this net for a few weeks now .
if i could have give it negative stars i would have .
the head and tail were chewed to bits in probably less than num_num minutes .
nothing like what is pictured in this listing ! i guess for stainless steel chopsticks ,  they are okay .
i have probably applied well over num_num screen protectors for family and friends .
i really wanted to like this ,  but it was just chalky and gross .
the doll is very robotic and i heard only about num_num sentances .
i have found better green concealers and am highly disappointed .
i would have bought many pairs if the arch was high enough but it wasn t .
this toy broke within num_num minutes .  . we thought maybe the batteries died .  . nope .
i wish i had read all the reviews before i bought this .
check out the filters here on amazon ,  you ll see i m not the only one dissatisfied .
i doubt i will order this again since i ve found other mascaras that perform better .
i will be avoiding kensington products from this point on .
this shampoo leaves a residue near the scalp no matter how many times you rinse .
i do not feel any effect of this product on mosquito bites at all .
it wasn t too sweet ,  so in that aspect i wouldn t  and didn t  mind giving it to my boy .
this product was very thick and hard to squeeze out of the package .
its good only for tv audio . the battery life is ok .
i had used the kerastace nectar thermique ,  prior to purchasing this product .
when i purchased this i didn t understand exactly how hard the ball was .
i don t think i will be using this much .
i know computers well ,  and i ve worked with plenty of hardware ,  but i ve never experienced such a buggy product .
do not even waste your money on this case .
this seems to be a good rollator ,  but was a big waste of money for my elderly relative .
but this game i not as much fun as one would think .
i would write a longer review about how bad this phone is ,  but i don t think i ll bother to .
i would have liked to know this before i bought it .
this item was purchased as a toy but was broken in the package it arrived in .
they found it weird that my husband s verizon iphone num_extend as mine  had full service and full wifi service .
i really wanted this eye makeup remover to work because it s cheap ,  and it s not tested on animals .
if you have sensitive skin ,  i d recommend staying far away from this product !  .
i canceled this product because the shipping date is june num_num num_extend
i have just about what they have and no way with what i have .
it s about num_num times cheaper ,  and i look like tom cruise .
blanket attached to a sleeping bag on one side and that s all . i am returning this item .
you literally could not eat them because they were so melted and smashed .
i bought this soup after reading the blogs which said that it was found num_num variety of mushrooms .
this item became worthless the first time we used it .
the original beater that came with the mixer lasted many years before deterioration .
that s rather disappointing . this is nothing more than a cash cow game .
i know this is not the most expensive piece of furniture but i expected more than num_num months .  .  .  .  . argh .
like i said ,  i ve been doing this for num_num years .
there were blue and red lights that would brighten up when it was awake .
please save your money and don t buy this cheap compass .
the overall quality is mediocre at best and i would recommend buying something perhaps made out of metal .
the dog is used to brushing ,  so i was definitely pressing this brush pretty hard into his fur .
i bought it because i read so many great reviews ,  but ,  unfortunately ,  i was very disappointed .
never really received full mask as described from vendor and decided to go with better quality mask .
this one didn t even have the features i was looking for and was way more expensive .
i sent this back about a month ago and i still haven t received my refund .
the carasoul needs battery change very often though we have not used often .
unless you have hours to spend dying and restarting in the first num_num minutes of the game .
do yourself a favor and a higher quality shoe ,  this one is simply not worth the money .
this product is a great idea ,  but suffers in its execution .
this has got to be the worst game i have ever played .
they are currently  may num_num num_extend on their way back . never again will i purchase another klipsch product .
i have no idea why this has so many positive reviews .
too much struggle just to try and keep it under control .
there isn t much actually going on in this game .
i was shopping around for something that would clump the cat urine better .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  but nothing grew but mold .
i had no other pads installed  other than what came with unit  .
this case is too thick that it s too hard to put on without bubbles .
this is the first item received from amazon i was unhappy with .
this is really the worst concealer i have used .
either get the galaxy num_extend or save up some more ,  this is just ugh .
i also feel that it is hard to manipulate .
this stuff did not clear my water up like it said it would .
the lyrics on this thing are really embarassing and cheesey .
as some other reviewers have found ,  it didn t seal properly .
screw this company and all like it doing business as they do here at amazon .
i normally wear a num_extend i ordered this shirt according the reviews .
this product stung like crazy but i kept it on for num_num minutes straight anyway .
also not great if you have flats with a lower back because they can rub .
other than that the case would have been perfect .
it looks like they rushed it out to try to get ahead in controller production .
as others have said ,  the taste does not justify purchasing this product .
the only way they would work was to file down to size .
it now only takes a few minutes for all the water to drip out .
i gave this to my num_num yr old niece and num_num year old nephew .
i have read the other reviews that suggest rinsing ,  etc .
this game is like the worst game ever made .
its pretty much just a useless black donut .
i am obviously very upset at this point ,  but i go ahead and do as they suggest .
the screw lock doesnt really lock ,  it just screws so far forward that it is able to flop around .
i tried to use this cord for the first time over the labor day weekend holiday with no results .
not really sure how much i paid num_num mah should do something to my phone but no .
if you have a wooden sill that you can screw into this bed would work .
the one i got with my phone lasted longer than this rip off one did !  .
long story short :  they are and sound like $ walmart headphones .
if you have higher than average arches ,  do not buy this product .
just like they brought back fighting in hockey games ! so overall ,  the game wasn t worth the $
for the money i would have liked it to last a little longer than num_num month .
i thought they would be more comfortable but not what i expected .
i would not buy this product again if i was given a choice .
however ,  netgear ships this switch with software that only runs on windows and without a static ip address .
the camera angles are so random that it ruins what would otherwise be a great game .
i am very disappointed with this linksys product !  .
this is just poor and it should have been in the description .
i knew that once i got it on it would never come off .
if you have a motorola phone ,  this may be somewhat useful .  .  . maybe .
i have been using a model by update international instead .
this is just not what i look for in an rpg .
num_num of my num_num cats began vomiting while on this food .
i ve used this product sporadically ,  and have been disappointed in its utility .
bought this like num_num years ago and you know what ?  i haven t used it yet .
i did not like this bra at all !  !  i cannot understand the good reviews .
don t think it will last too long tho .
i purchased this unit because i  used to  trust linksys products .
i bought this cable to replace one that had become unreliable .
at only num_num cals a serving it has no right to taste this good .
this is the worst shooter game i have ever played .
this thing didn t even last a week before it stopped working .
i have always used swedish blonde before but that option isn t offered anymore .
sending it back for a refund and will probably avoid petsafe products in the future .
for the price this should have lasted a long time .
everything else i would actually buy something else .
i usually like revlon products but i have had no luck with this photoready foundation .
it would not be prudent to overspend by this much again .
this filter worked well for almost exactly num_num days and then it died .
why ,  i might be feeding my family plastic !  ick !  am now looking for a mixer with stainless steel hook .
maybe this particular one wasn t right for me but i won t be buying this product again .
and they are much smaller than they appear to be in the picture .
we had this toy for about num_num month before it broke .
this was my third from amazon and my sixth overall .
this stuff might have been good in num_extend but in num_num it s pretty vile .
i was a little concerned with the use of aluminum which i try to avoid for health concerns .
this certainly wasn t the case with the motions at home deep conditioner .
gilmour used to be very good quality ,  but not anymore .
this form of lithium is much harder to remove from your system than others by the kidneys .
that makes the jacket very short and unusable with the collar turned back .
it is disgusting that they call this simply the  turkey  recipe and not  turkey + assorted fish  .
very disappointed after reading all the great reviews .
sent information about my system to ubisoft num_num days ago haven t heard from them yet .
i hope the product works for someone ,  but it does not work for me .
bad news this is the second coffee maker i am returning in the last couple of months .
i have many friends who use this product but i cannot stand it .
it didn t really look like a mirror screen more like a privacy screen .
most computers have a second port ,  but it might be a num_num pin rather than num_extend
it weighs num_num pounds for one thing !  the cord is some cheap plastic imitation of a cord .
i give it a num_num for looking pretty ,  but the rest of it num_extend spices are terrible quality .
you have to press very hard to get any sort of response and even then ,  it doesn t always work .
as a veterinarian ,  i would advise against purchasing this product .
i will just return this one and buy a cast iron one .
the bottom line is the game in this day in age feels dated and wooden without the wheel .
i will never use this stuff again and wouldn t recommend it to anybody .
do yourself a favor and avoid spending any money on this product .
not only did it not have the original game ,  but it would not even boot in the num_extend console .
if it would have clipped i would have used this item more on my phone .
else i don t feel like carrying it with me when i ought to .
i am not going to rehash what everyone else is saying other than this is a bad game .
now the plastic has broken ,  the plastic is very thin ,  and apparently this item was not made to last .
nba live is just teh same as it was num_num years ago .
it can be a very frustrating experience . the case also looks ugly and feels cheap .
however ,  i did not realize there was msg in this product ,  so i will never buy it again .
there must be others out there that are better quality than this one ,  go find them .
i began having issues num_num weeks into using the machine .
this was my first stand mixer and i wanted it to knead dough .
if you have been playing games for num_num years ,  don t get this game .
the cheesy games to choose from are not what i expected when i recieved and opened this one .
just a bunch of cheap plastic crap to make a can walk around .
after receiving this item and charging it up ,  i paired it to my android .
i will use it but im not happy with it or the seller .
since i probably wont keep using them ,  i splurged on trash .
amazon appoligized ,  gave me a refund and said they will check into why the description was incorrect .
this is the only one that doesn t have enough room for my girls .
better off spending a little more and getting a better product .
also ,  many people complain that they don t like the way nia num_num products smell .
i made the mistake of buying this rice cooker about num_num years ago .
i wasn t very impressed with this antenna at all .
these are the most uncomfortable things i have ever wore .
the motor ran well and it never broke ,  so i gave the fountain itself a review of num_num stars .
i thought that this would help when she frustrates me .
we have had num_num of these crack ,  so there is clearly a major design flaw .
next time ,  i ll avoid this brand of bully sticks .
i bought this in december num_extend it is now may num_num and i have no phonograph .
i only use it occasionally ,  boiling water to clean my cast iron skillet ,  etc .
came in a timely fashion but didn t fit correctly .
i bought this only after mulling over the reviews .
it does not taste like normal kraft dinner ,  nor do the noodles cook enough when following the directions .
the build quality was cheap and even at this price isn t really worth the chance .
i do know i would never purchase this item again !  .
it can be a good way to reinforce what one already knows ,  but that goes against the entire point .
if you love your fish ,  then i implore you not to put this thing into your tank .
however ,  this was my first real rpg experience and it left a bad taste in my mouth .
i have had this keyboard for over num_num months and am very disappointed .
in theory this seems like a great idea but it doesn t work .
i purchased this item solely on two facts :  five feet long and samsung product .
i didn t think it would work ,  but i was willing to give it a try .
i wish i could give this product num_num stars .
i have purchased other bali bras and they fit very well but this one is not good at all .
once you have beaten it about num_num times you are ready to retire it for a long time .
i thought it was defective but i guess these models just don t do what they re supposed to do .
it took a couple hours to charge back to % with the phone on .
this isn t a bad product ,  it just isn t what i expected .
i have a dozen or so other external firewire drives and never a failure .
i have worn rockports for over num_num years .
i suspect that the high raters don t walk when they have them in or have unique ear anatomy .
this is not the case with this roll .
even in perfect condition it s still a subpar case .
i have used the num_extend for about num_num years now .
i really dont know what to say about this detector .
i have eaten a vegan diet for a long time ,  but have remained resistant to changing my products over .
i would not recommend this thing for gigging or travel .
this glitch makes sniping so difficult ,  that you ll never want to use it .
it s a piece of crap ,  like so many other electronic products these days .
this time around i was disappointed with this product .
i returned this scam product !  don t buy this if you expect num_extend
it worked a little better but still didn t last long .
i ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated .
bought this this to take daily and still got sick .
forget num_num passes ,  after about num_num passes ,  there was still little edge .
extremely unhappy with the quality of this product .
how embarassing !  i sincerely do not recommend this product !  .
this may be the down fall for this coffee maker .
this time ,  the cheap wires simply sheared from the shaft while wife was making chocolate chip cookies .
i was sadly disappointed with the quality of this dog food .
just put this in my coffee maker and put in two table spoons to make one cup and .
have had so many bad items from amazon lately that i m done for awhile .
md anderson cancer center is also mentioned but i could not find outside corroboration .
that s the only thing i like about it .
i am writing this review before having even used the product .
would not recommend it or buy another collar from this company .
this did not look good or feel very supportive for my large bust .
be careful with products that contain this artificial product .
first ,  i find the foam dispenser kind of weird ,  but that s just my personal preference .
ok i have owned this for over num_num years .
although the sound quality was decent ,  i found the motorola num_extend the worst fit of the num_num i tried .
i have owned several airsoft guns and some had small issues ,  but i ve never heard of one this bad .
i wouldn t purchase this again because it didn t deliver anything close to what i wanted .
that is ,  assuming you would want to actually eat this thing .
if that will void the warranty ,  perhaps they should stamp  not dishwasher safe  on the bottom of these things .
the glass jars are too narrow and too tall to work well with it .
if you have an iphone  any generation  ,  this will not be an issue .
the documentation for using this product is pathetic .
after this game drop in price ,  i decided it was about time to buy it .
i would never have bought it if i knew this about it .
i ve never had this problem with this type of cable before ,  very disappointing .
and ,  as so many people have already said ,  it totally needs a seatbelt .
that s really not acceptable to have to worry about though .
i bought two of these thinking they would be very good; are not ,  imo .
my husband has a cheaper unit  different brand  and it is several years old .
i had heard good things about it ,  but now i ll never know .
i ended up just finishing it and then i straightened it with a flat iron .
after struggling with the information install it was discovered that the kameleon does not support any dvd recorders .
after num_num years of taking vitamins i tried animal pak because of the positive reviews .
unfortunately ,  on the basis of my experience ,  i cannot recommend this product .
however ,  i have poor eyesight and unsteady hands at it took about num_num  frustrating  hours to install this .
i have tried emptying some of the air ,  but it does not seem to get much better .
i have gone through num_num of these in num_num years .
despite all my efforts ,  the entire area still looks like a train wreck .
i remember shelling out the money to buy this product ,  like the ignorant fool i was .
why ?  the sound quality is not nearly as good as the reviews led me to believe it would be .
after a week of nightly applications ,  i started breaking out terribly from this product .
i don t know what i expected from this product ,  but it doesn t deliver anything .
maybe this would be a good solution for someone else .
i wanted to call thinking it would be easiest that way and num_num times got nothing .
i have lots of scars from previous acne and this didn t help me out .
the screw that holds the bracket together rusted and now i need to change it with a stainless one .
had this electric kettle for num_num months and it broke .
i don t understand why people would like this product .
this is something that i would never recommend to anyone whatsoever .
we don t play bizarre regions or formats ,  just one that would play typical movies from netflix .
it s more of a hassle than it might sound ,  and underwear shouldn t be something you have to deal with .
they leave very bad pad dander that spreads all over the room .
i read the reviews and thought :  how bad can this be ?  well here we num_extend
i really wanted it to work ,  but it just did not with my fine straight hair .
if you need to be able to format to num_extend this will not work .
this game should have stuck with its strong points .
the one i bought from south west was higher quality than this bag ,  very disappointed .
num_num stars to amazon customer service . that is what i like when buying products from amazon .
because of this i had problems with this product .
sometimes a quarter of an inch makes something not work ,  which was the case for me .
i bought this as a family christmas present and was very disappointed .
after using the charger for about num_num weeks i started noticing drops in the power feeding to the ibook .
i really did have high hopes for this product .
i also would like to mention that my mixing problems also were not resolved by using warmer liquid .
i really have no idea how this product has so many positive reviews .
she has some tendonitis problems and i thought this might be just the ticket .
don t know where this tea comes from but found two dehydrated human ?  hairs in the bag already .
i did not seem much improvement with this product .
do not buy if you expect to use this for more than one trip .
i took it to work where i have num_num gateway num_extend and it failed with them as well .
i bought num_num of these for my car ,  and only one of them worked .
i have been using brita pitcher s for years ,  this is the worst design .
i bought these because they are cheaper ,  but he won t eat them so its a bust .
i tried num_num different types of water ,  and all turned out very poor .
where it belongs !  !  !  so long story short ,  don t even think about buying this for your wii !  .
i gave it num_num stars because amazon lists that as  i am not happy  with it .
these things are num_num bucks and i have bought num_num of these and they are just breaking like crazy .
terrible quality ,  no better than one from the num_num cent store .
they are twice the price of major retail stores and you get less than half the quantity .
i honestly have to say that this is the worst shampoo that i ve ever used .
unfortunately there really are no other automatic feeders with any consistent good reviews .
i have no idea why nobody else has mentioned this issue ,  because it is a big problem .
i have caucasian straight hair ,  so i suppose this product is just not for my hair type .
if i hadn t received the container and top together i would have bet that they were not a match .
i haven t used them more than num_num times .
this is so very small and not made sturdy at all .
there is just too much text in this game .
my advice :  if you have trouble with spices ,  don t buy this product .
they should have been made with double amount of gold .
but i was very disappointed with this particular set .
next time it popped off i really didn t have to put much pressure on it at all .
i ordered it from amazon and ,  like another reviewer ,  discarded the packaging ,  fool that i was .
this is not a good toy to leave laying around the house if your pup is a chewer !  .
definitely not able to use the screen with this onon the plus side ,  it did ship fast .
also ,  i have never used a panty liner that had a mesh overlay .
it has been sitting in his room untouched for over a week now !  bad buy for the price .
i have now owned it for almost num_num years and am completely disappointed .
now i have to buy another pair to replace these .
without exception ,  using a full charge to start ,  each unit would last about an hour .
i ordered a couple different colors ,  and they all were hit or miss .
i m sick of appliances that cost a bunch of money and last such a short time .
what i mean by that is that when your on the phone ,  the other party hears an echo .
they seem num_num have problems with compatibility ,  specially in the gamesharks .
i can tell this thing will not be very stable when filled with fertilizer .
ive always had good customer service from them but now they are just horrible .
the rhinestones and bow fell off within num_num days of regular handling .
only used the oil twice !  extremely oily and it kinda runs  ,  doesn t smell bad at all .
this could be good or bad depending on your expectations .
i ve been using this cheese slicer for almost a year now .
as other reviewers have indicated ,  this watch is not waterproof .
i have had to go back to my old razor because it don t remove the hair from my face .
this replaced an old sunbeam heating pad i bought num_num years ago at cvs and used to death .
i thought this one would be just like his ,  but it is not .
i got tired of sitting still at about num_num minutes .
then you end up going into one of the alien ships or something like that .
if you are like me and want something a smidgen more sophisticated maybe skip this one and keep looking .
there are much better bluetooth offerings out there .
i would not recommend this mask to anyone .
this toy ,  however ,  lasted less than num_num minutes .
i sent this crate back because it was not sturdy .
this silly device refuses to alert when my other radios do .
and the  pour  position isn t easy to see in dim light  and for me without glasses  .
i have a  regular size  food processor ,  but i wanted one for mincing garlic .
it does not fly well which is the way it s designed .
dont  know what exactly is  rubberized  about this charger .
this didn t happen before i started using this product .
it was a delayed  impulse  purchase from a local store a few days ago .
i bought num_num of these for myself and my son .
the only times i play this is if i got like num_num mins if im waitn on num_extend
i just posted a customer image of the bumi in about num_num different pieces .
this product tastes awful and didn t give anyone in my family energy .
i ve had much better luck with my two num_extend stealth fans .
i tried this thinking it would work like swedish beauty but it doesn t .
i ve thrown mine out after burning myself several times in the last few weeks .
my old ones never wore out and i bought them in num_extend
nothing special . heat up at num_num degrees took about num_num minutes .
i have a flat stomach ,  but the way this rouches in the front ,  makes me look pregnant .
do not get this trap it s really not even that good .
i m returning this and getting another like we already have .
i don t know what the battery life will be .  .  . that will vary with the battery ,  the temperature ,  and the ingredients .
however ,  i was disappointed in the quality of the product .
unfortunately this is not compatible with nexus num_extend
i have been playing mario num_num ds for a few weeks now .
their telephone service system is so bad that it makes calling aol to cancel seem like a pleasant experience .
excited not to have to order several different flours ,  and mix ,  i ordered tihs .
after about num_num month the a and b buttons stopped working .
it also discolored and clouded up my aquarium water ,  which was very disappointing .
all the other extra heads that come with it in the picture ,  are all the same size replacements .
after using kvm s for years i have never had the problems like i have had with this .
i have to deduct three stars because it does not trap any of my moles .
but does it work ?  only with the ac adapter ,  which means we can t take it anywhere with us .
i really had high expectations for this product based on the highly rated reviews ,  but i was very disappointed .
at home ,  the problem remained . i view this device as completely unusable because of the heat problem .
finally they relented . then the new rio s won t support the memory cards that you buy for this product .
doesn t align with both side buttons on the samsung galaxy s iii .
when will these manufacturers stop ruining products that were perfect ?  .
this thing doesn t spin hardly at all like the old ones .
my gosh we must ve bought this thing num_num years ago or more and it never ,  never worked right .
i defintely would not recommend this bra for the big busted girl !  .
i was just looking for a compass that works ,  but i didn t want to pay a lot .
of the num_num only one will hold a charge more than num_num minutes .
after about num_num months of very infrequent use the cup started to rust .
the biggest downside to this mayo is that it leaves a terrible aftertaste for hours .
i think this would had been a great purchase if the darn thing worked .
a new type of car would have been nice  or at least more color options on the existing ones  .
i checked the google search and this problem runs through most of their product line .
other reviews indicate that this has been an ongoing problem with these headphones .
i haven t misused it ,  dropped it ,  put it in cold water while it s hot ,  or anything like that .
the description should of been dark blonde or taupe ,  this way i would not have wasted my money .
this xl short has a smaller waist than all other l shorts i ve bought .
the other flavors that this company makes does not have the same cough inducing qualities .
i guesstimate that i get about % more time on both my cameras ,  but not the num_extend promoted .
don t hate them ,  but don t really like them .
i only replaced mine because after num_num years of service one of the speakers finally started going out .
there is a slot to connect them but they neither slide in nor click in .
nice visuals but slow game that feels outdated .
this is the worse product i have ever purchased !  !  !  it goes through batteries quickly .
they have dry rotted and had holes and cracks in them .
i even tried this with another num_extend gen ipod nano ,  and same result .
worked just fine for just under num_num years then found it burned up  not kidding  this am .
i didn t have much luck with this product .
these new ones have a straight plug and lasted only num_num weeks before i had to replace them .
this was supposed to be a sale from target through amazon .
this was the most ,  obnoxious vacuum i ve ever owned .
after slowly inflated the tire to num_num psi ,  i waited num_num hours before checking the tire .
as its price would suggest this is not worth while for anyone .
i ordered these along with the kabuki brush set and i am not happy .
i bought the winterberry dishes two years ago and was not thrilled with pfaltzgraff s quality .
buy something else !  this thing is a waste of money .
the cleaning cartridges last about num_num months and cost $ for two .
unless you are a surgen , you will tear the first one .  .  .  .  . that s why they come in a num_num pack .
great .  .  . i feel like this is a bad joke .
i bought these pads for promax mechanical disc brakes .  .  . and they didn t fit .
i have tried email customer support but so far have gotten recommendations about which other hoover product to buy .
the tag reader case is ok ,  but definitely not worth what it costs .
after a couple months ,  it no longer works at all .
if you are average height ,  you may have better luck with this product .
even though the interface indicated it was still recording ,  no new files got generated .
the pyrex is about num_num times the thickness !  .
the rods are not stiff enough and the angle of the  l  is slightly different on each rod .
i bought this for the wrong jeep so i returned it anyway ,  but it seemed very flimsy to me .
i tried this tea ,  based on the num_num star reviews of the other reviewers .
this is the cheapest stuff i ve tasted in a long time .
next time i ll pay more and hpoefully get a better product !  !  .
this product is not good if your home contains pet hair .
i pretty much exclusivly play rpgs and i was just totally bored about num_num minutes into this game .
i bought num_num cards for num_num different computers and within a month both had died .
i do not like this screen protector at all .
for one of the worst phone cases i ve ever bought for my daughter .
i have had this coffee maker for num_num years .
the rubber begins peeling within a month and then crumbles and falls off shortly thereafter .
buy camco num_num rv dual flush pro holding tank rinser with gate valve instead .
sandisk s tech support has been of no help; they just blame the drivers ,  etc .
the front falls much lower than the back ,  thus end up looking like he s wearing a mini skirt .
i have a few complaints but really it s not worth discussing them all .
these were very hard to use because they are so flimsy plastic and not made very well .
my moline num_num juicer broke down this morning after almost num_num years of use .
have not always been a fan of vans skate shoes .
i had no worries about it ,  because of all the great reviews .
too bad ,  the other fiskar products we have are great .
if i was popping every day i could understand but this was maybe num_num times a week .
i was excited to get this little basket so that i didn t have to use filters anymore .
it also makes the phone very bulky ,  but that s a problem with most cases .
i m too naive to trust them . i should have researched more before making a purchase .
it s also a different consistency .  .  . almost looks like small betta fish food .
i wrote black and decker and they are sending a  clutch spring  .
i ve owned num_num of these and none of them lasted more than num_num months .
this this leaked so badly that my cake turned into soup .
i used this product for the first time and was very disappointed .
plus ,  when you are big busted ,  you really need underwire ,  even if you wish you didn t .
they almost pulled off the motion sensing controller but it just does not work very well .
it s very small and the shadows aren t that great .
i have had rice cookers from panasonic ,  national ,  zojirushi ,  tiger which never had this problem .
i requested a case to fit the galaxy sii ,  this case doesn t fit my phone .
overall i m not impressed at all with this filter .
this came in what appears to be oem packaging but the rubber was soft and squishy .
this toy was way smaller than i expected .
these pads have a plastic outside cover designed to fully trap all liquid into the pad .
i really like splinter num_extend is no splinter cell .
there is nothing i can say that i like about this belt . very disappointed .
but they aren t the ones that needed it .
i have enjoyed other hodgson products but this was awful .
i tried this product ,  and couldn t discern that it did much of anything ,  except smell like flowers .
they are not even a heavy duty plastic . it only moves on certain surfaces .
this will not work with my radio and amazon says it will .
there is nothing wrong with the way this product tastes ,  but it is difficult to cook with .
i have tried to get them wet first ,  and that did not work .
i have a feeling that someone at that company stole my card info .
defective product that the seller does not want to replace .
i have previously ordered many products from amazon ,  but i am very disappointed in this latest turn of events .
but here your moves are carried over to this new mode ,  and it doesn t work very well .
since i don t know anyone i dislike enough to give these to ,  i will throw them away .
i have had two or three of these because they burn out so fast .
we followed the instructions that come with the blade ,  and what we got was a mess .
no matter what . cheaply made and quality on them is so bad that i felt embarrassed giving them out .
i have been trying this sauce for a while before i decide to weigh in on my opinion .
i have never smelled a more powerful bleaching stench in a hair dye before .
i have two big complaints about this pump .
i think you would have to be significantly under num_num pounds for this to be ok .
now however they might work well ,  but for the price ?  no its not really worth it .
good item ,  however could not get to work very good .
like another reviewer here ,  i can verify that these tapes have too much drag in the mechanism .
i would not buy batteries from this company again .
if i could give this dress zero stars then that is exactly what i would do .
i have used at least num_num different face tanners and this one in my opinion was the worst .
it was heavier than i expected ,  and i struggled to roll out my dough evenly .
i posted that review just after i bought the oxygen in num_extend
as soon as you pull off the second part the screen protector pulls off with it !  !  !  waste of money !  .
i had hopes that it would work but just a pure waste of money .
overall ,  i was highly disappointed in this facial cream and can t find anyone who wants it .
on top of it all ,  this product did nothing for my stainless sink .
i would really not recommend this and won t be purchasing it again .
used this on spilled tea  which darkens if not cleaned right away  .
i had one that lasted num_num years of continual use and the last few don t last for nothing .
bought this watch and the indiglo died after num_num months .
i ordered this but did not recive it and was suppose to have got creditfor this on my account .
i am going back to stevia ,  which i have used in the past .
this product took over a month to arrive due to the first one never being delivered .
not the china glaze quality that i expected .
fortunately ,  no one spent a lot of money on them ,  because they really seem cheap to me .
i had to return these ,  because they are so incredibly small .
pair of num_extend binoculars that work much better than than these  barska gladiator zoom binoculars  . these binoculars are horrible .
i suppose i should have after reading all the reviews .
i ordered size num_num tall and it like size num_num is more like a size num_extend
there are not a lot of colors that came with it .
this product is just trading one aliment for another .
i don t know why i bought this ,  maybe because it looks cute on the picture .
he didn t mention that he felt better after drinking this coffee compared with other coffee .
this product has a strong odor and i will not purchase this product again .
there are cheap brushes that are very soft ,  this just does not happen to be them .
still not sure if it will be ergonomically more comfortable than a mouse .
i would highly ,  highly recommend looking elsewhere for your blender needs .
i don t have a space in my little apartment for anything that large !  .
however ,  what is annoying about this product is the asymetrical way the wires are layed num_extend
nothing wrong with flavor ,  but priced for kids that scream alot .
i should have known this coffee pot would be no good just by the photo .
it looks and feels like a child s toy made of cheap plastic .
i ordered this for my husband cause he needed a new black polo .
first of all ,  why the hell is this thing $ dollars plus tax .
i guess you could say that this game was pretty much a dissappointment .
stupidly ,  i bought another one thinking the problem with the first one must have been a fluke .
everything from the trimmer to the attachment heads is made from cheap plastic .
the num_num num_extend battery is not cheap ,  i expect it should last at least num_num years .
these are almost the most cheaply made screen protectors i ever had .
they have another version ,  but who can afford a hundred bucks on this ?  not me .
i purchased this antenna and i didn t get any hdtv signals num_extend miles away from antenna  .
this is the worst underwater disposable i ve ever used .
when it came i could not have been more disappointed .
i bought this for my chinese crested num_extend dog ,  he never wants it .
i will not buy any more glaze products from this company .
there is a round sticker around the entire blade ,  and it does not come off easily .
i usually loved kidkraft brand ,  but this is not kidkraft quality .
there is no mention that this is aluminum wire .
when i did get this case ,  was very disappointed !  the case does not fit well on my galaxy num_extend
i have no idea why these things are getting such great reviews .
the product lasted a very short time . would not purchase again .
i have owned these headphones for num_num years under limited use .
i have owned this bubble machine for a few months and also had problems with the machine .
pay a little more so you won t have to worry about this burning your house down .
using the exact same equipment  after reading the brief manual  ,  i installed it .
there are a few other minor adjustments ,  but none are worth noting imo .
i was hoping with the top heavy positive reviews ,  it would be a shoo in .
i had my screen unprotected for longer than that with no scratches ,  so i don t know what gives .
i would stick with playdough any day rather than this messy disaster waiting to happen .
i have much better luck with other types of popcorn .
i did not wash it with soap . i really did not like this pan ,  and sent it back .
i have had this on subscription for at least the last num_num years .
i ordered this gum from this same store before because they didn t sell spry with titanium dioxide in it .
i have used it many times camping and i wish i didn t buy it .
as others have said ,  i find this tea to have an unpleasant off flavor .
but after opening the box ,  the blush was smashed into pieces .
however ,  i do not feel any different at all . the packaging states that each tablet has num_num mg of resveratrol .
i bought it on amazon and played it for about num_num minutes before checking out the wrestler creation .
we are out $ with a watch that lasted less than num_num months .
i am sending this back and will try to use a better brand product .
maybe i got a lemon but i wouldnt purchase anything from this seller again !  .
the clear cover of the phone case also seems to be of substandard quality .
admittedly ,  that is my fault ,  but it really doesn t take much to damage the screw top section .
if i have any success ,  i will revise my review but for now ,  i cannot recommend this product .
this would not fit my friend s very thin num_num year old ,  i use it for my num_num year old .
i could have spent my money on something much better than this string of snapshots with voiceovers attatched .
this is not a bad product but not worth the extra $
alas ,  today they no longer hold a charge .
every time he ate this he would gag immediately after eating it .
it has very little cleaning force and holds a very small amount of water .
eyeliners and such need extra scrubbing with this pad which really irritates the skin .
i wanted a nice solid black that was shiny and this wasn t it .
but for a guy like myself who has naturally dry hair ,  this product just makes it look worse .
they seemed to be made well but i personally didn t like them .
there are others minerals that are better without harsh side effects .
i knew that there was a chance he wouldn t like them ,  but i think these are badly constructed .
the colors are so close ,  you can barely tell a difference between the two when they re on your eyebrows .
not only that ,  but i have a slight allergy that makes the bites burn for days .
the interchangeable cores for the pillow are a good idea ,  but they do not work very well .
i just received this product yesterday ,  tried it and hated it .
had this unit for num_num year num_num months and it just died .
also we paid $ and i notice the price is up to $ as of jan num_extend
i was really hoping this would be more fun than it was .
i have had better luck with five dollar transitor radios .
since it stopped working after num_num years i thought i d try something else hoping it would last longer .
my puppy hates it ,  she makes me feel like im doing something wrong when i use this .
this num_num year opus did not pan out like i wanted .
stay away from this product unless you like throwing your money away .
num_num stars because they technically do work an have  some  charge .
it could ve been a free toy in a kids meal and i still would have thought it was lame .
there was not even one product in this set that i found to be helpful for me .
i thought this would be a winner but it was just another waste of money .
we have had two frogs drown because they were too afraid or incapable of bringing themselves onto the landing .
it worked for about num_num months but now is useless .
i didn t find anything special about this product .
very disappointed in the quality of this product .
some people may feel this product works fine ,  but not for me .
i have been using it and although it s function to some extent it s highly undesirable .
we have even tried using more than twice the amount and still cannot taste it in our dishes .
this is one of the worst bird feeders i ve ever bought .
philosophy that is supposed to be the natural product selling harsh chemicals like this .
my older adult mastiff mix  about num_num at the time  would gag  dry heave  after eating this food .
it s expensive ,  large and difficult to store and the popcorn is awful .
when my num_extend bridge died on me ,  i thought i d get this version of the product .  .  . very disappointing .
when i first opened the package ,  i thought i was smelling too much chemicals .
i ll be trying another product ,  and would not recommend this one .
this case ,  however ,  is not worth the money .
they said no . other than that ,  this unit is poorly designed .
for quite some time ,  i have been using different types of hot sauce on different types of food .
this thing is junk !  !  !  don t waste your money .
i couldn t find any information about this in the linksys manual ,  so i called customer support .
the product itself was just fair . but the worst part of this order the condition that it came in .
also will not go easily into my back pocket .
i have read many reviews about this product being a fire hazard .
i usually don t give negative ratings but this one totally deserves it ,  i am so sorry to say .
maybe because it was the first one they made ,  or maybe beacause it really isn t that good .
i m very disappointed in this toy and wouldn t recommend it to anyone .
you have to  guess  the other person s code ,  but the execution just stinks .
this one does not have a bluetooth mode .
i know i won t be buying from smartdisk again .
i have tried many kinds of magnesium ,  but most of them cause liquid stool .
it is not silent ,  and is more expensive than other silent running wheels out there .
i wish i knew they were placebos before i bought them .
a little disappointed though because they are not very soft ,  and they do not stretch much at all .
i ve used cast iron in the past and this thing is lacking .
i think this game sucks and is a waste of money .
looks like i will have to find another blend .
these sprayers are low quality and sadly i have like num_num of them .
only baking was a way for me to utilize this product .
i really tried persistently for about num_num days to get my cats to eat this .
i stopped using any olay products years ago because they never seemed to work very well .
seriously ,  this is simply not a good product in my estimation .
with everything sega used to make this game ,  they should have saved for virtua fighter num_extend
the problem does not show up until they have been used for some hours  weeks  .
this trimmer doesn t even work well enough to trim around the toes and feet of my poodle .
i think i had them for about num_num months before i threw them in the garbage .
now i ll have to spend the $ for the clarisonic on top of the money wasted on this product .
this is way too small for a medium sized dog ,  more accurate pictures would be appreciated .
don t bother wasting your time with this piece of junk .
the problem with it ,  is that the leather chemical odor is very strong for someone with a sensitive nose .
the documention that came with the device and on the linksys web site was absolutely useless .
the material also isn t the most comfortable either . overall ,  pretty unhappy with the purchase i made .
in it s present form ,  keep looking . the num_num star reviews snookered me into this purchase .
i bought a remington num_num woman s electric shaver and it is just junk .
this might have just been bad luck but it seemed to break very easily .
this sad comer is infused with a simply terrible fake peach flavor that is ,  to me ,  nauseating .
i really wanted a pair in black because they do get dirty fast so purchased the black online .
it claims that it experienced this exact issue with its previous lot of krill oil ,  lot num_extend
item came and looks like th picture and you do get what you pay for .
i wouldn t recommend this product because of the little to no results  none for me  verses the price .
my dog still exhibited anxiety with this product .
i bought this item without checking the sodium content  that was a mistake and i am really irritated .
i bought three of these cables ,  and none of them work on my nexus num_extend
i even tried freezing them ,  but they just thawed out as quickly as an ice cube .
these are useless .  .  . they claim to be for heavy flow and long .
apparently i should have done more research and read the reviews on this toy before buying it .
i tried this product because i feel like i ve tried everything else for my acne prone skin .
i ve learned my lesson and stay away from linksys now .
i would not recommend this for a young dog but maybe an adult dog would do better .
i d recommend that you stay away from this num_extend
i tried different amounts of liquids thinking maybe this was my error .
the board is also of extremely poor quality and feels very rough and unfinished .
i have ,  and it made the rest of the tea undrinkable . just do yourself a favor ,  and skip this tea .
this antenna worked no better than the cheap portable one that came with my miglia tvmini hd .
my bird is still plucking after trying num_num bottles of it .
mine stopped working about num_num months after the warranty ran out .
there s no retaining strap ,  but the gun clicks into place ,  requiring a firm draw .
in this case they were only num_num reviews and i should have been more cautious .
after this all emails and ads from amazon will go to my spam .
and when it comes down to it i wasn t very satisfied with the music to begin with .
until it was broken just over num_num week later .
they weren t easy to use and not exactly what i had in mind .
the only purchase i have ever sent back to amazon .
lets just say that they go where they were not designed to go .
as a parent ,  i m more frustrated that it doesn t work than she is .
they are also near the most uncomfortable set i have ever owned .
i really had a bad experience with this product .
wasn t worth the money i paid for it .
i do not recommend this product for people with thick hair .
i order screen protectors for my evo num_extend every few months .
my dogs didn t think these chicken filets were great so they made no big fuss over them .
this is another reason i wish i had dealt with a local avon dealer in person .
and just fyi ,  the color of the drink was darker than that pictured on the box .
some of them won t work at all ,  others don t work like they should .
these treats didn t go over well with our picky eater .
my son never got his arm stuck in the center spout as other reviewers have mentioned .
while very attractive to the squirrels ,  birds have absolutely no interest in this feeder .
other than a good story this game is epic fail to what could have been a epic game .
i would have returned this product but i missed the return window .
these are very flimsy and the volume control doesn t work well .
when i received this dol ,  my granddaughter was scared .
this item does not work well with a mytouch cell phone .
well ,  the heating element on my waring pro num_extend broke after a little over num_num years .
the headband was also extremely small ,  it couldn t even fit my shitzu puppy s head .
i contacted the seller and they refused to refund me .
it would ve meant that they only needed to come once a day instead of twice .
this thing is ridiculously flimsy and it arrived with crimps and damaged rim .
while this spoon looks great ,  i absolutely would never buy it again .
i wasn t sure what to expect with this citrusy ,  fizzy drink .
there s no way that the company didn t know about this .
during that week i called them every day for about num_num days straight ,  with no answer .
this is probably the only game i ve ever owned that broke that rule .
unfortunately this tea is nothing like the keemun i love and look forward to every morning .
the only positive thing about this pump is that it s quiet .
we have used them ,  as directed ,  only to end up smoking again and back on them .
they were completely dried ,  but still had a chewy texture to them .
i wear a num_extend and never had a problem with a bra .
really hit and miss with this low dollar amazon stuff .
i find myself unable to really recommend this to anyone .
i would not buy these again because of this .
this machine has everything you need in one ,  but what good is it it wont work after num_num years .
anyways ,  i bought this bar soap after reading the reviews ,  but it doesn t lather at all .
people who say  all platformers have camera problems !   have no idea what they re talking about .
the other tasted like boysenberry; this tastes  just not good  .
i did not receive this item so cannot review .
it doesn t bring anything worth while to the table .
i removed and reinserted the battery three separate times with the same result .
the case wouldn t stay close !  i bought this for my sister and she can t even use it .
only used these clippers two num_extend times before it became unusable  dead  .
the metal portion is a very poor fit into the wood handle and tends to fall out .
this is the first one i have ever purchased where they really missed the mark .
i wasn t expecting it to be indestructable ,  but i expected it to last longer than num_num minutes .
she already had a sesame street phone ,  so this one didn t make much of an impression on her .
i had used this product before with no problem .
if i have to eat this ,  i will put a clothes pin on my nose while doing so .
by this i mean that you cant stow the phone in a pack and expect to hear any music .
this pant is basically comfortable but very inconvenient in that it does not provide any pocket .
disappointed . would not suggest this product  , nor would i get it again .
i bought this eye liner at my local pharmacy and it is just horrible .
after num_num days ,  neither trap had lured a single moth . the traps themselves are paperboard with a sticky side .
i have had coffee grinders that lasted num_num years .
i would not recommend this mushroom baby pool .
they have a cheap feel to them like they would break if you drop them .
i almost lost a filling on these !  i would not recommend them at all .
now imagine that shortness decreased even more to fit onto a ds card .
looks like it will be around for a little longer ,  but i didn t expect that to happen .
the creatre and tribe stages don t seem to last long enough or provide nearly enough depth .
i wish they came with directions on how to use these .
when i first got this battery it wouldn t charge unless i turned off my phone .
aside from this first inconvenience ,  the filter came with fingerprints and minor scratches .
i thought the majority would be right on this product ,  but i was wrong in this case .
i thought this wipes would be quicker to use ,  but they are impossible to pull out of the container .
i ended up throwing random pieces of it out within the first num_num weeks .
i really would ve loved to have had this purchase work out ,  but the quality just wasn t there .
only got num_num stars because of the low cost ,  but this product really is trash .
this car is just colored ,  molded plastic that does not look all that great .
i have received this product and have not used it yet .
i have contacted seller several times to give them the chance to make things right with no response .
wish i could have said more ,  but there is nothing else to say .
this case is $ but in reality is $ because the shipping cost is $
third ,  the simple addition of arm rests on the chair would make this bench a num_num times better .
i ordered this item so my granddaughter could easily change her smaller aquarium .
the worst part though is that having it on your ears to wear actually is uncomfortable .
anyway ,  i got bored with it in about num_num minutes .
please take into consideration this phone is num_num years old .
all of my other num_num ranging from cheapie $ radio shack to $ labtec num_extend sounded better than these .
i didn t know the crocs came to me from footsmart ,  not amazon ,  when i ordered .
i will go back and look into purchasing one like the one this one was going to be replacing .
it is one of the worst lotions i have ever used .
i ended up giving the coffee away and will never make that mistake again .
i have been ordering this item for over num_num months ,  once ,  sometimes twice a month .
nowhere on the product itself does it say what battery size it uses .
this is about the worse made sling that i ve ever owned .
i have bought this hair dryer twice and neither one has lasted more than num_num months .
haven t been able to reuse a concentrator yet .
the housing is just stainless steel colored plastic .
it starts to smell pretty quickly and i essentially still had to clean the litter box daily .
i only tried them for a week ,  then tried to palm them off on my husband !  yick .
i would not recommend this version of the game .
the only usual part is the comb on the base but there s much better options for that anyways .
i have never had this issue before with concealer .
there are no dents in the outgrown crate . i am not at all impressed with this crate .
this num_extend would have been perfect if it had a gusseted crotch .
so maybe it would work for you ?  i just wasted my money .
this could have become a medical emergency pretty quickly .
when i got my kong ,  it was smaller than i had expected and it smelled like oil .
but then after about num_num months of use ,  it just completed stopped working .
this feels cheap and seems as though it may come apart very easy .
i just started using it on my face in the last week  used as hand wash before that  .
after num_num months of release delays ,  i expect much better . in conclusion ,  do not buy this game .
if you re hoping it will protect against anything other than dust ,  you re kidding yourself .
as for me ,  i don t want one of these . i ve tried this thing at least num_extend maybe num_num times now .
in my opinion ,  this is the worst toothbrush i have ever purchased .
do not think this is a product designed for training .
i bought this thinking i could escape from the flood of cheap appliances dumped in the american market .
i ve used this and the lavender and i just can t get with it .
would not recommend you buy from this seller .
my wife used this for about num_num months and threw it in the trash .
i highly suggest you skip over this ,  and purchase a nintendo original .
i just don t recommend this to anyone !  beware !  !  !  .
this terk num_extend doesn t work nearly as well .
if you have and want another title of the same caliber ,  don t even try this game out .
this product ,  however ,  does not deserve num_num stars !  .
i ve only had two issues with this machine regarding leaking .
also ,  they ran quite small ,  so that my usual size was too small .
that is about the lamest thing i have ever seen .
i used this in megadoses for a long period time .
i have a lenovo num_extend and evidentlly the software is not compatible with lenovo models .
these headphones provide practically no isolation from your environment .
but the gameplay graphics are about the same as final fantasy x that came out num_num years ago .
these are useless !  i m going to end up returning these both the same day they were opened .
so it does not matter how good they sound ,  i may have small ears .
if you wipe them with a paper towel after use ,  it turns black .
the flavor was a bit spicy ,  and was not what i expected from hamburger helper .
the paper that came with them says they can be  calibrated  by twisting the head on the stick .
i do not like these cases because they are not sturdy enough ,  they come off very easily .
we got the pack of free flavors and essences ,  and they were not very appealing .
?  ?  ? i would not recommend this strap to any pro camera owner .
i m very disappointed ,  but i do think if you have curvy eyelashes ,  this can be good for you .
the item itself is in a squeeze pack and that does not work very well with peanut butter .
contacted customer support and they told me to take it back to the store where i purchased it .
this is not made by samsung but a very cheap imitation that does not hold up .
this game has to be one of the worst games i have ever played .
i never used it with ice ,  only partially frozen fruit ,  yogurt and liquid .
after reading reviews on here ,  i thought they wouldn t be that bad .
bought these stands from amazon and am highly disappointed in them .
you are better off getting something that is a bit more expensive .
if i could give this minus num_num stars i would .
i could not make a straight line with even the steadiest hand .
if it were a chocolate or vanilla flavor the whey would have been fine .
i purchased this cable to replace my standard rgb hookup for my num_extend
this did not work on my dogs and i would not recommend it at all .
i researched all usb thumb drives before i bought this ,  my first one .
i really wanted , to like this mirror ,  but mounted ,  my arm blocks the view of the mirror .
this is a cheap plastic item that you will throw into the landfill after couple of years .
i just purchased this reel not more than a week ago through a different vendor .
however ,  when i received this watch the digital display is too faint .
for me they do not provide good support and i will be replacing them after only about num_num months .
when i ordered these ,  they came very late .
after that they just lay the item down where ever they are . these are kind of thick like a cracker .
finding the covers was sometimes easy and sometimes impossible . i have just never been happy with it .
this one is done in under num_num days with my usage not changing .
anyway ,  shipping this unit has about an % chance that the electrical connection will become disconnected .
i have never experienced this issue with any other filter that i own .
in the meantime ,  i bought another usb num_extend pcmcia card from orangemicro .
the holder itself is fine ,  but beware that the text and pictures used with the product are not accurate .
they are narrow and deep and i fear will not lend themselves to a hand mixer very well .
i would have returned it but the return postage is more expensive than the case .
this is one of john frieda s products that i cannot trust anymore .
the num_extend type of pellet gave me num_num shot groups that were just a bit bigger .
missing a ferrite on both sides as pictured .
i have had no problems with leaks as others have had .
i have used this for over num_extend years .
what s wrong with num_num you ask ?  everything !  this is not futbol ,  futebol ,  soccer ,  calcio or anything remotely near it .
well apart from the extra bulge and lumps that it gave me ,  my experience was the same .
for the price ,  i guess it s fine ,  but it wasn t what i expected .
when i contacted them ,  they were very rude and insisted that everything that i was saying was wrong .
anyone who s used the real stuff before will know how fake this crap is .
this case fits the num_extend however just barely .
there are two serious problems with this pepper mill .
this is the second time i ve purchased these  .  .  . big mistake .
there is really no excuse in this day and age to have controls this horrible .
seems like a good product ,  but for my fine ,  straight ,  oily hair it just didn t do the job .
i cannot express enough my disappointment with this product .
i bought this filter to replace my penguin num_extend which is a num_extend filter .
i guess if you have nothing else to use that it would suffice .
i won t be using this product any more .
hmm maybe they have a different manufacturer ?  not going to buy this brand again .
i just don t know why what i ordered was not what i received .
i have a num_num month old german shepherd and she does not respond to this at all .
gaining num_num lbs after num_num days at minimum calories per day wasn t working for me .
i have owned this oven for about num_num years .
i wish now that we had just replaced the cuisinart with the same model .
i don t even mind that the battery powered thomas typically eats an aa battery every day or two .
i would not recommend this for any person or any sports .
if the packaging hadn t already gone in the trash i would have returned this item .
they worked great for about a week ,  then one of the wires came loose and they were dead .
this item that i have received is very poor quality .
and it s already dirty after using it for only num_num days .
i had never used one of these before .
i d rather have flatter ,  shiny hair than the dull ,  weird feel this spray gave my hair .
after about num_num weeks the sound stopped working .
i had this radio for num_num months before it stopped working .
i returned it today and after reading the other reviews ,  i decided not to get a new one .
i was surprised that sony of all names has this poor product .
this poncho is absolutely not what i expected .
i would think it will be the same with plain dry kibble .
after about a month ,  i knew this wasn t going to do anything .
if i could ,  i would give it minus num_num stars ,  that s how disappointed i am .
i really did ,  but i just couldn t . i remember playing this on dos with the joystick .
this bottle was never used by me because i smelled it before the package was opened .
:   plus the price of this wasn t all that bad compared to what i ve paid for in the past .
the breeze was all hype and not much better than using other litters and a regular litter box .
not the same number  mine num_extend but still seagate num_num gig drives .
i even made sure the screen was completely clean and dry before applying it and everything .
i bought these for my dog because we were about to make a num_num mile trip in a uhaul .
they didn t just jump on me to get some or try to tear into the bag though .
the wooden perches are easy to remove ,  this is both good and bad depending on your needs .
it was unable to charge the phone while i had it on and in use for navigation .
also i lived in chengdu ,  china for num_num years and i would buy goji berries on a regular basis .
but if not ,  just be careful with your phone !  .
what a tradgedy that a game with that much potential had to be ruined by an obvious rushed product .
bubbles aren t impossible but it s not easy getting rid of them once a few small ones slip in .
there is some kind of  flaring  around the bright num_extend
i could not get the striker it came with to produce any spark that would ignite the magnesium .
i like the stylus that came with it so the purchase wasn t a complete loss .
they may be better for you than potato chips ,  but they just don t give the same satisfaction .
that means it has to survive more than num_num seconds in my dog s mouth .
if you pretend to  .  .  .  commit crimes  ,  that is not a good thing .
plain and simple do not purchase this stand ?  it s not meant for mountain bikes thats for sure .
first i ordered num_num of these for my various bush rifles .
the quality of this product is very poor .
after num_num times i decided this was a piece of junk .
the problem with this product is ,   .  . if you should misplace the charger or in some way damage it .
i have been using this product for three weeks now .
this antenna is simply not worth the money .
i left the tape on over night on the other and took it off this morning .
after reading all of the positive reviews ,  i was anxious to try out this product .
these binoculars aren t the quality that bushnell claims . i can t get them to focus clearly . not very happy with this purchase .
i guarantee this one will not last that long .
i bought a wooden toy hoping for long term durability but this was not the case .
also ,  the stickers do not adhere to the body very well .
i was using them very gently but they broke in a very short time .
the claim was that with windows num_extend the browsing was better than the iphone .
and ,  since this less durable one costs almost twice as much ,  i wouldn t buy this one again .
i have never purchased a worse one that this .
didn t find that this product did anything for me .
i will keep it but if i had to do this all over again ,  i would select something different .
i ve tried placing it in different spots on my clothes and from three different devices with the same results .
if you are an expert gamer :  you probably wont like this game much at all .
i know i m not the only one who thinks this way because i ve read other reviews to that effect .
they give an extension cable with the unit ,  but it s far too long .
my body sometimes seems to work counter to what is expected in taking this type of product .
i just purchased this cleanser and found it to be harsh .
my cat struggled a bunch and didn t like not being able to go where it wanted .
i am still looking for an electric smoker ,  but will go for a more expensive stainless steel model .
i probably wont be buy this or any product from this company again  :   .
like i said ,  for a first amp at one bill ,  the line num_num isnt too bad .
i saw some other reviewers saying that % to % of the pellets are deformed .
i m really upset about having spent so much money on something that didn t last a reasonable amount of time .
this product may have been put on amazon by mistake .
the attachment that comes with it was not properly assembled and is cheap plastic .
i was not happy because the case was the wrong size for the phone .
i m really sad to say that i can t recommend this product anymore .
don t buy if you need a durable phone case that protects your phone .
i have tried this product for num_num days now ,  no change .
there are so many things wrong with it ,  i don t want to spend the time explaining .
this product has silicone which has been proven to degrade tires and dry them out .
this item is neither a blackberry cable or a data sync cable .
it is very flimsy and is just not a good case .
the outfits aren t too bad though . i don t recommend buying this game or even playing it .
the batteries do not hold a charge like the original and go dead pretty fast .
i am trying to find out if this horribly bright light is harmful to the eyes .
i have owned it for almost num_num years and now only use it as a travel brush .
if you have a litter box with a lid it s not entirely convenient to attach this product .
i figured this was a netflix problem but no ,  several other streaming sites also give me this problem .
as with all the other num_num star reviews ,  i too have the same complaints about this coffee maker .
this is the most ridiculous sized child s toy i have ever purchased .
volume works for about num_num notches ,  then won t go back down .
i bought this to try because the american  blue bottle  version was not available for a time .
not happy with the product ,  going back to hks .
the niacin flush to me says that the b contents of this sucker could be much higher than listed .
i bought this because it had the crank vertical head but really don t know if it will be usable .
i bought num_num of these from yosemite bicycles .
i would recommend avoiding this game at all costs .
this case is such a joke !  !  very cheap made .
i m not thrilled with the flavor of this product .
the first lasted many years of diving and hard wear .
the next day ,  it took another num_num minutes to load as it downloaded more information .
im not sure why amazon insisted that i return the item the same day it arrived .
so this whisk is a wash for me and i am not happy about it .
this is the first unit that was not up to braun s typically high standards .
my dog had this toy less than num_num minutes before it was trash .
it doesn t seem to me as though they care about repeat business with their customers .
num_extend ford expedition eb ,  a somewhat quite car it really has trouble coordinating things with the iphone num_extend
i have a broken out chin that looks like zits and rashes all in one .
the only upside about it is that it has a terminator liscence ,  which is always cool except this time  .
i think this would be a great box for smaller cats ,  just not for our household .
this product came in it s box ,  with the order summary taped to it .
not well designed with this in mind at all and at this price point ,  i expect more .
i purchased this with high hopes but within a few minutes it was destroyed .
i have zelda for the wii and after almost num_num years i still cant get past stage num_extend
it was cheaper than any replacement heads i ve found ,  but it was more expensive in the long run .
i ve had this model for num_num years ,  and it s been ok .
i prefer keeping my phone in my front shirt pocket ,  but that doesn t work so well with this headset .
however ,  it only lasted for about num_num hours for me and then i d be tossing and turning again .
plus ,  their customer service ,  regardless for whatever jarrow product you are concerned with ,  is not the best either .
it would ve been much better to just have been held by friction and pressure .
they are not very comfortable and the sound quality is about what you should expect from $ headphones .
for the money ,  if this one lasts a year or two and breaks ,  it s no big deal .
other coffee makers allow the lid to open without removing it . overall ,  i would not buy this coffee maker again .
the kneeling pad could be improved for gardening; therefore ,  i would not recommend this product for gardening .
i don t recommend this to anyone ,  it s a terrible joke of a medication .
do not buy this product or you will be sorry because you will be throwing your money away .
just avoid this game if you have a hp laptop ,  because it will probably not work .
the sony scanned right over them as if they weren t even there .
bought a wilson and swr was tuned down to num_extend on num_num and remained there wherever it was mounted .
when you upgrade to a new phone ,  this thing is no good to you .
it stopped working after num_num weeks ,  very frustrating .
the only reason i bought this is because it got good reviews .
i noticed sam s club has them for less than $ and they look more cheaply made .
i have heard that this kills your system and it does .
another thing i found odd was that this game came on a single cd .
though the doctors have really never found anything wrong with it ,  my upper arm has hurt ever since .
you cant tell that the clip is made from cheap ,  flimsy plastic .
i have since ordered a more expensive brand and this has never happened ,  not once .
bought this after upgrading from the num_extend to the num_extend and needed a num_extend car charger .
i would not recommend this filter based on my experience .
don t bump it . i would end up losing money to return this ,  so i m stuck with it .
my main gripe with this brush is the fact that it constantly looses bristles .
i went back to my old bluetooth that this was supposed to replace .
this product does not seem to work for me .
the belt that came with the vacuum was tough and worked > num_extend till a week or so ago .
i was really hoping this would help with my hair loss ,  but sadly it didn t .
success if you didn t hurt yourself apply all that pressure and forcing the presta valve to go in place .
stay away from this company unless you want to take your chances .
i realize this is harsh ,  but this product is really num_extend
these came out of the package with an awful chemical smell that was quite pungent .
we bought this hoping it would last years like out last set ,  not the case .
this particular knife model is not one of their best and victorinox should be ashamed with its quality .
it did not irritate my sometimes very sensitive skin ,  but it also didn t do much for me .
this phone just makes me want to steer clear of galaxy all together though .
overall i was very disappointed in this product .
i have no idea why they went with this .
product received was not the screen protector advertised .
the only grip is that we wish it could be num_num inches deeper ,  as per traditional wok .
i like wellness products but i won t get this again .
do not try video shooting with this lens ,  unless that camera is on a tripod .
i could only stand it for about num_num minutes before i quit .
i have played many shooting games and this game was more frustrating than fun .
this cereal was not just not very good to be blunt .
i would not recommend this game to anyone and it sits on my shelf gathering dust .
i will never ever try anything like this again .
not too upset this is the first time amazon has let me down in ten years .
after reading all the reviews i thought my dog was going to scarf this food down .
also after recently shampooing my hair with this bar ,  my hair started to fall out .
but for num_extend cents i didn t really expect much .
while i do not know specifically about this product ,  that can mean ground feet ,  beaks ,  bone ,  skin ,  etc .
only had it a short time and all the seams are ripping and the head is coming off .
it really isn t that much better than num_extend if at all .
someone else may like it ,  but i did not think it worked well at all .
i would not know ,  i never received this product .
i ordered these pair of socks and within a month they were falling apart .
i do not recommend this item at all .
i have tried various other products ,  this like many others this is a flop .
i am returning this item to amazon and buying a normal submersible heater .
i would not buy again or recommend to a friend .
last night i made some red espresso and it tasted like really cheap strong tea .
this is my first purchase of antler chews so i had no idea what to expect .
but even this filter was releasing loads of charcoal gray water .
this also happened to me twice i did an replacement and the same thing happened .
it s been num_num weeks since we tried this limited ingredient dry food and neither of my cats like it .
ive been skating for num_num years and i have always skated nmb bearings ,  no fuss ,  just go .
other than these few nitpicks ,  it s not that bad .
i ll set aside the fact that this bike is cobbled together with the cheapest and least durable of components .
it worked fine for a couple months then just quit working .
this product is a filthy mess ,  i just tossed mine in the trash today .
if that is your main issue with the bluetooth headsets ,  then this one is not for you .
this is not at all how it comes out ,  as several other reviewers have noted .
but i did not have good results with this one .
a sun dial would be more use to us than the timer on this toaster oven .
i tried them on minutes after they were delivered and i couldn t get my foot into them .
this  lunch  package provides less than num_num calories ,  if i recall .
like the previous critics i waited for num_num months for this game .
my joints don t hurt as much ,  but i do notice that my lower back is less flexible .
they also would stick in my child s teeth and make it hard to shallow them .
of course i made sure all my truck setting where they were supposed to be .
they taste artificially flavored and are not very appealing .
i am one of the few who purchased this and imediately got my money back .
you might as well shell out the money for a better product .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was very much looking forward to this game .
felt and looked like soemthing my grandmother would wear !  .
i used this about num_num times and it stopped working .
i should have spent a few more dollars finding a better version .
also there was no melee or prone that i could find .
so we tried num_num other cartons in the delivery to see if it was just a single carton defect .
i am replacing a worn out set that is num_num years old and weighs num_extend
they do not have the cords and stem to attach to my phone or tablet .
another negative is that it took a very long time to brew a pot .
if possible i would have given it num_num stars !  .
sadly seeing as how this game hasn t changed at all for the past num_num years i doubt it .
i sprayed this on my body and clothes and it seemed to work ok for literally about num_num minutes .
it took over num_num weeks for the replacement pair to arrive .
that solution is far more expensive than this mini adjustable tripod+camera holder for iphone .
this game wasn t worth the gas money i spent to buy it .
as for the cats ,  while they will fight over cheese in its original form ,  they won t touch these treats .
only takes two batteries ,  and they last awhile  i use rechargeables  .
this target will not hold up over time and was money wasted in my opinon .
not as fun as i hoped and i would not recommend this game to anyone .
try as i might ,  i could not get air bubbles out from behind this screen protector .
it definitely does not hold my num_num yr olds interest for more than a minute at most .
they have almost a styrofoam consistency .  .  . so they aren t really crisp and snappy ,  just hard .
umm why ,  considering i use num_num of them after every battle .
these are probably the worst sounding pair of headphones i ve ever used .
now you can t even get the additional music ,  so i would never recommend this even for num_num dollars .
at least there is turkey in it ,  but other than that its all nasty stuff .
so i don t know why these were different . will never buy these chips from here again .
it is all stainless steel except for the black plastic parts .
the peas are very small and expensive when comparing with walmart prices for the same product .
i have only had it for num_num to num_num weeks and it is broken already .
i didn t like these screen protectors at all .
i was using this for a while actually and i only see very little difference .
i double checked my work ,  but there is nothing hard about installing this .
very very disappointed that i wasted my money on this product !  .
if you want a quality item to last this is not for you .
this brush set isn t really good at all for applying eyeshadow .
i am definitely disappointed and would not buy this product . ps .
i have a small condo and i m about num_num feet from the wap as the crow flies .
i like jw pet products usually but not this one .
the white color paint peel off after num_num months and the phone stop turn on after num_num months .
num_num star because every single one broke when shooting soft targets .
that was not smart because this one looks nothing like the original .
if this uke was working % i would have given it a num_num or num_extend
i have always used cateye but this one sucks .
there are only a few extras ,  so there s very little room for error .
sadly ,  not an option with this flavor ,  so i won t be purchasing these again .
this wasn t even close to the quality of the om battery and that was horrible .
save you money ,  this is a cheap product and will come off soon after you put it on .
after the litter had been used for only num_num days ,  the house smelled like a barn .
i would not recommend this for even a mildly aggressive chewer .
after doing this ,  you have a visible display in an awkward viewing position along with buttons that sometimes work .
this is actually a rental ,  not a bought game because it only lets you install num_num times .
this is nothing more than a big bottle of liquid soap .
we thought this  instant read  thermometer would do the trick . we were extremely disappointed with the thermometer .
there s no way you can get num_num months of fine particle filtration out of these .
this is my first attempt at buying them online .
the cup size is way too large and i know exactly what size i wear .
the worst foundation i have ever tried and i have tried a lot !  .
this girl has also borrowed mechanics from sonic adventure ,  and they too have worsened here .
this product did not work for me because it caused my skin to be irritated .
the coffee maker would not turn on and started to leak when we first put water in the tank .
i used and washed them one time and they are now discolored and rusty .
you will also need the iphone app called  automatic  and an iphone num_extend or later .
this palette was not what i expected and it came to me broken in pieces .
also ,  i noticed a ton of hair loss with this product .
and no not like captain jack s magical little compass that points to what you want .
i usually only shampoo my hair every num_num days ,  but with this shampoo it was greasy after num_num hours .
note that the  other ingredients  are all the fillers and junk that they put in the tablets .
was working great until then . i don t see any warranty with the product .
not easy to operateflimsydisappointingthis product come from one of amazon s partners . i cannot recommend this product .
all that time spent on the waves was wasted ! in addition to this ,  it makes my scalp itch like crazy .
they are awful !  now  less than num_num years later  i need to get her another set .
it was broken when it arrived and then when i received the replacement it broke again .
this did not work for more than a week .
this mug is not well designed and the construction is shoddy .
i expect to see a set like this at a dollar store and would not recommend .
at least not until someone makes one similar to the orbit that really works .
it was fun for about num_num minutes ,  but then i got bored again .
i have bought the version in the boxes before ,  but thought the plastic bottles would be more convenient .
the flavor ,  even before the aftertaste ,  wasn t good ,  though it was not the most horrible cereal in the world .
three days after i received this case and used it ,  it started falling apart .
this is the first time i ve encounter such a problematic batch .
i bought this food as it was clearly stated that it was for kittens .
this is probably the worst shampoo i have ever had .
what this means is that the aluminum displays for the num_extend model use dvi .
unfortunately ,  this food group set was the one item that we really weren t happy with .
they were expensive and have failed to deliver better performance than the cheaper wipers .
otterbox replaced the case because they figured it was defective .
i was charged $ bucks and then saw it for $ at almost every other store ,  online or live .
i am very upset that i have lost functionality ,  and fixing this problem would be a lot of hassle .
this is very cheaply made and does not work for me .
sadly ,  this brush is not very good for that purpose .
this lasted num_num minutes . now ,  to be fair ,  i have an num_extend old male rottweiler and he s big on chewing .
well it s not ,  because you need another $ item to have it work .
upon receiving this item ,  it was already damaged .
i have been using the rca num_extend heavily for about two months .
i purchased about num_num pairs ,  including this pair ,  during that time .
i have been using the cotton candy spray since num_extend
i trid to cut a frozen newmans frozen pizza using this ,  and it was useless .
just think if you plan to gift someone this product after num_extend ugghghhhhh ?  ?  ? no smell .
while this product didn t make his condition any worse ,  it didn t do anything to make it better .
we won t be buying this again ,  but will continue to seach for similar better tasting items .
i bought this watch expecting a metal band ,  but instead it had a white silicone band on it .
so with all that said ,  all three lenses i cleaned with ,  didn t get cleaned at all .
these gloves work for awhile ,  until they develop a hole .
they are wearing faster than the older models and are not as comfortable .
motorola doesn t list accessories that are compatible with it on their website ,  you must  buy ,  try and num_extend
but the brush is fairly soft and after only a few weeks it s too soft to do any good .
this is my second purchase of hanes cotton panties .
the screen protector does not cover my whole front view of my phone .
very disappointed because my son would have loved this toy so much more if it had worked .
this is the worst finger nail polish i have ever purchased .
because that is a switch i use constantly ,  i am not able to use this particular case .
from the little time i did use it ,  it was boring and only interesting for about num_num minutes .
you don t know where these events take place in relation to your current location .
i was angry and so disappointed since i have been so happy with everything i have ordered through amazon .
even after i gently removed all tangles ,  the brush still didn t want to go through my hair .
i ll keep what i have but will not consider ordering cat food again from amazon .
i have three very large cats ,  and they have trouble fitting into the box .
i think they will last for about num_num baths ,  if i don t throw them away first .
oh nevermind ,  i used it once but it isn t a great jump rope at all .
if that was what it was advertized for i d give it num_num or num_num stars .
it took less than num_num years for this to happen .
after about num_num hours ,  it went from % charged to %
the light wasn t as bright as i would have liked and the different settings did not work properly .
i had a bad feeling when this unit arrived .
don t buy this !  while it sounds great ,  it will break with normal use after a short while .
have adjusted the transmitter and computer positions several times and nothing .
i would advise someone to hold off if they could to buy a better set later .
really disappointing ,  especially with how many people rave about this product .
the item we received was very different than the item pictured on amazon .
really wanted to like this but perhaps we received a lemon .
i purchased this to try and train my little dog to stop barking so much .
however ,  this is the first time that i have had black mission figs .
i would not recommend them for young children because when they break they releases a lot of small parts .
i was trying to find a better hair straightener than the one i own which is a remington product .
this product used to get soft with boiling water in about num_num seconds .
would rather have metal ,  but the prices are stupid .
i ve been using hydrometers for over num_num years .
since i don t ,  though ,  i would not buy them again .
i would not make the mistake of buying this product again .
i will probably call archos  customer support but i don t have a lot of time to wait on hold .
i have been disappointed in these dies ,  mainly because of the decapping die .
i have been wearing them for a few weeks now and they are painful  right where the plantars is  .
i would have given these a higher review except i wear them without socks and the black dye bleeds .
there is no cautionary wording to keep this away from children .
my son s are actually very thin ,  so there should not have been any problem with his at all .
the arms are not copper ,  even though the instructions that came with it say they are .
very very unsatisfied !  would not recommend this ,  even to bill gates .
so i simply cannot recommend this machine for bread making .
this was very uncomfortable and i can t imagine wearing it to exercise .
i have tried several different styles of boots with the same results .
much more difficult to work than some competitors .
i was directed toward this product with the assurance that it wouldn t make my hair look greasy .
and rest assured ,  the outfits that supply call lists aren t compelled to capture the data .
i gave it num_num stars because it doesn t lie :  it repels cats .
people have also said that there is static when they talk to me as well .
i wrote a review not to long ago about this masque that i d purchased from amazon .
this review is hard to write because i am so mad that i wasted my money on this game .
i would not recommend this ,  not worth the damage to the ends ,  that doesnt look good .
linksys tech support was no help other than confirming that it won t work with many printers .
i also don t normally rate devices with num_num star just because i don t like them .
i have only used the stock player ,  so i don t know if other players will launch automatically .
the single bolt that came with the pot is too small and won t hold on .
i bought this because my charger port in my phone stopped working .
why is amazon  warehouse deals  charging $ for a used num_num year old ipod ?  that s just crazy .
other than that i would give it no stars .
this has lessened with the update; however ,  i did not enjoy living with it for num_extend months .
i tried the cable that came with another charger .
this game is not what you think it is .
i agree with the other reviewer who called this bland .
so disappointing . we also got this company s bobcat product and it never had any mobility from the start .
ordered two of these and both were too blurry so back they went .
these tomatoes taste no better than branded canned us tomatoes regularly available in our supermarkets today .
the only thing that makes noise is the num_num burner .
i tried using this diluted as the instructions say and it still was extremely drying to my skin .
after about num_num months of ownership ,  i must announce that said battery is deceased .
the only positive is that it is a bit durable for i put it in the washing machine once .
it feels cheap in your hand and detracts from beauty of iphone .
i have to give this thing a somewhat poor rating because the documentation and web support are weak .
that left me with little pieces that i was just too worried about him swallowing .
firstly ,  you don t get into a battle for quite some time .
in fact some of the fallout from my use of this product left scarring .
and this is taco bell ?  wth is that all about ?  taco bell ,  you re supposed to taste good !  !  !  try again .
other brands of crates do not have an issue of the tray pans sliding out .
the instructions say leave on your nose for about num_num minutes ,  which i do .
i smell no difference in my dogs when i spray them with this they still smell like dogs .
this will run out immediately ,  especially with owning num_extend re and smash bros .
i called the company who asked me to fax the part numbers so they could forward them to me .
unfortunately my galaxy note num_num with the ionic guardian case kept sliding down and out of this mount .
if you have slender legs ,  with large feet ,  look elsewhere . the truform medium fits ok but it s not very durable .
when it gets to be the texture of mashed potatoes ,  then you have added enough oil .
for this reason it simply does not react well with most num_extend polishes .
the sticky part that s to stick to the car ,  yeah doesn t stick .
very disapointing to have spent that much money on a gift that could not be used .
overall this just seems like a cheap ,  low quality product .
i took this product as directed for num_num weeks and nothing truly happened .
i made pancakes and biscuits with this mix and found them to be mediocre at best .
keyboard is often unresponsive ,  along with the mouse .
dead just under num_num years after placed in service  actual usage time about num_num months  .
this phone case sucks and the tail doesn t work .
as a previous reviewer noted ,  there is definitely something wrong with this game .
but two things i find out later make me think this is not a good num_extend
there s too many other brands to choose from .
i sit driving all day so i just wear them when i need to walk .
fair warning ,  you might want the five dollars you paid to rent the game back .
that s why i bought this gown . however ,  it doesn t work for me .
they had me down load and install the same driver over again ,  several times .
i purchased this item as a temporary replacement bc i lost mine .
evidently ,  galaxy is the only word that samsung can come up with to name a phone .
i know that ,  i m pointing out something many people would not think about otherwise .
we all agreed it was not easy to keep straight when firing .
that s why i was excited to read the reviews on this product .
i took this for num_num months and have not noticed anything .
i was making butter with it ,  and after making less than num_num pounds of butter ,  the motor just stopped .
my husband can t cope with this . so now we are in the market for yet another toaster oven .
someone thought they were doing me a favor giving me this machine .
there is not much you can do with this game unless you have x box live .
if you have ever had a real old hershey bar then you may understand what i am talking about .
look for another product to protect your iphone .
in the past i have bought the nylon version of this cube for my cats .
there is absolutely no staying power from this product .
also ,  for skinny jeans ,  it seems odd that they have that extra material at the ankle .
even the wii s uniqueness failed to make this game a shred of fun to play .
first ,  it takes much more pressure to trigger the num_num than the num_extend
it is a holy fail ! i bought this product a while back from coastal scents not amazon .
the only negative thing i have to say is about the game itself .
this turned out to be very difficult as whatever the adhesive is they use is extremely sticky .
before purchasing ,  i checked and double checked that this would work with my magazines .
i routinely have to force close verizon s backup num_extend
it started peeling off after a short period of time .
we ve gone through two of these ,  within num_num years ,  same problem ,  sholder buttons not working .
just know it will not last you very long .
this item however leaves an odor and does not do a great job at removing pet urine .
this was not the same crepe rubber as the other lauri toys i have .
i really wanted to love this scrub but it was very oily and too much liquid in the container .
i may have just got a bad one ,  but i am returning and don t plan on getting another one .
it seems to be too thick ,  and it seems like i have to use more than i would like .
i have been using it faithfully for num_num wks .
you aren t getting a genuine ,  oem ,  samsung charger for this low price .
the coffee tastes very  instant  ,  and in my opinion ,  is not worth it .
this item looks much like the picture presented ,  but the sizing is misleading .
what i was vomiting was the white mix so i just have to associate it with this product .
it s only about num_num minutes of play ,  but that should be enough to make a decision .
but this thing is just a cheap piece of junk that needs some improving .
i would not buy this again its a waist of a dollar .
this is very expensive and i expected more based on other reviews .
i have never in my life actually thrown away a full product ,  until this one .
so ,  i bought this product hoping that it would neutralize this effect .
i suppose it s better than no light at all .  .  . but not much .
while you can t expect much for the price ,  this case isn t worth the cost of shipping .
but i am not happy with this purchase .
bottom line ,  i will not be purchasing this in the future .
i had bought this along with a scratch mat from target to put catnip inside .
therefore ,  this thing isn t really as useful as it might appear .
and i mean  died  as in  dead .  the philips web troubleshooting site is useless ,  so we called customer service .
however ,  i would really be pressed to buy this product .
they began to peel after num_num or five years and so i would have to replace them .
it does not work with the iphone if there is any sort of case on it .
as the a few weeks went by it started falling apart .
i done with this crap company and they poor products .
also my phone got a scratch through the screen protector anyways which seems kind of pointless .
i threw mine away within num_num minutes of it s arrival .
never actually used but returned this product and bought something in a local health food store .
you also have to code which i had not had to do for a long while .
the word  terrible  is cringing for having to be associated with this product .
this product cost a lot and did not work even once .
this cooler only lasted num_num months past it s one year warranty .
there really wasn t a place to put this that wouldn t be in the way .
plus they were only like $ dollars a piece which is why i give them num_num stars .
material ok haven t used min much due to the way it feels on me .
i bought this for my sister as a birthday present and was really disappointed .
the first time i used this ,  i noticed there is no lather .
i found this product dull and left my hair limp .
both my husband and i wanted a navy blue sweatshirt but the colors were picked over after xmas .
i m really disappointed that cuisinart would put its name on something like this .
i gave this watch a num_num after owning it for almost num_num years .
our dogs are not happy with this food .
it s half the cat food for half the price ,  no great deal here .
i was very excited about getting this device .
not a very nice cover ,  meaning not soft nor comfortable .
it would take some time to tell about everything wrong with this item but here are a few .
i have taken this product for over num_num months now and cannot tell any hormonal differences .
i also have problems with it not playing dvd .
i m a heavy user ,  i use this unit about num_num days a week num_num hours a day sometime longer .
i was told by a doctor that this is really dangerous for the cat as she might get pneumonia .
this is the first and last time i will own japanese steel .  .  . i should have stuck with the germans .
doesn t matter how much u spend on filter ,  it will always lower your iq .
i have natural hair and this product did nothing for it .
got this for a num_num and num_num year old ,  but it didn t really hold their attention .
the first dough hook i had from num_num years ago lasted like num_num years .
just do not like the flavor of this coffee at all .  .  . not authentic .
maybe that s why i bought this box of num_num for $
i also tried the cord with another adapter but did not work .
they were cheap enough that i didn t bother returning them .
so ,  i would expect that a formula for these toddlers be something like a protein rich fatty milk .
i do not recommend this mount to anyone .
my otterbox for my atrix num_extend does not have this problem with the attached screen protector .
although my phone did feel like a tank inside this beast of a case ,  it just wasn t for me .
i wish i would have read these comments before i wasted my money on this junk .
i think this product should be pulled from amazon .
i ve used it several times and the result is the same .  .  . nothing .
baby oil seems to be the only thing that can clean the eye gunk from my brothers american bulldog .
other than that ,  there s nothing to be said about this .
those num_num were exactly what i expected; however ,  these num_extend have excessive fabric in the front .
this hair product is not made for fine hair .
why lie ?  this may be a good product ,  but fotl should be honest about the price .
the smell dissipates after about num_num minutes ,  but i wouldn t say you have a brand new leather smell afterwards .
this sprays easily but doesn t seem to work nearly as well as almost anything else approved to treat asthma .
i would not recommend purchasing this one it is a complete and total wast of money .
also ,  this does rub off on your fingers unlike it shows in the commercials .
i put it in my bathroom wndow when showering .
i was not too thrilled with this kind .
i will not purchase any more of these in the future !  .
don t waste your money and time with this piece of garbage .
now i will just have wasted num_num more hours of my life . i recommend buying another garage .
not worth the extra money :  you re better off getting two regular batteries and keeping them charged .
i am deeply saddened that i cannot use this product any more and wonder what i will do .
like other reviewers ,  i am experienced in installing screen protectors on num_num iphones and an ipad .
eventually the motor would shut off even though it was only being used for num_num mins tops .
if you have wide hips with any fat on them ,  avoid this panty .
i m one of those people that ends up buying things in hope they will work ,  they get let down .
i have installed i don t know how many screen covers over the years .
i can t really review this set as i have not received it and it has been over a month .
i have used this pot num_num times before i realized it was flaking in my food .
i think this case is hit or miss .
i have owned several otter box deffender brand cases this is too thick and bulky for the samsung num_extend
very disappointing !  would not recommend or buy this product again !  .
about num_num months of use ,  one of the plates stopped working .
in num_extend both the armors look too specialized ,  and that s exactly what they are .
i really wanted to love these cole haan ballet flats ,  but i don t .
the product is fine but receiving is the very slowest that i have ever seen .
while i have had no problems with it fitting into the battery slot ,  it seems that others have .
on the nikon num_extend this lens has no af if that is what you are looking for .
they are so tight in fact ,  that they will actually break your tv s component inputs .
so ,  i was really excited to find them on amazon .
after num_num weeks the micro bubbles were still there and the screen side started coming loose in the corners .
it is also very hard to clean ,  still looks like there is food that will not come off .
second the case does not protect your phone very well .
at least a smudge effect would have been nice .
don t waste time ,  couldn t use even the joystick with this failure game !  .
the most cheap feeling stereo i have ever purchased .
i would not buy another one from this company regardless of the model . and may not anything period .
this would never set past num_num  out of num_extend
however ,  i have found that this toy was not very effective .
i gave these to my husband as a christmas gift and they were very small .
they were no more effective than the old ones i replaced .
i have purchased num_num these in the past months .
again ,  i didn t think it would be that big of a deal .
so then you won t be able to wear your hair without a product like this .
the dishes i have used this particular turmeric in have had a dull ,  lifeless quality .
i bought this unit to replace num_num sony num_num cd only disc players .
definitely not the quality i expected from a slipper at this price range .
i ve seen worse quality products then this on store shelves .
this ?  !  ?  this game literally isn t even worth it s price if it was free .
i have used this mouse for num_num months with my laptop .
there are very few games that i flat out hate ,  but this is one of them .
i have purchased other brands and been disappointed .
these complaints have been reported to fda by dog owners and veterinarians .
it is going back to amazon for a refund first thing monday morning .
now it s junk !  !  !  !  i wouldn t recomment this product to anyone .
i like the idea ,  but the actual product wasn t very good .
i purchased this product thinking it will be great for my dogs but i was so wrong .
this item arrived with one side of it torn ,  so now it won t hold it s shape .
i m from ecuador so returning the package would cost me more than the shoes .
we bought num_num of these and sent both back .
my husband has been wearing teds stockings for several years .
i didn t like the matte finish at all and quickly replaced these with another type .
would not recommend even if you are looking for something just to keep away scratches .
still didn t work very well but was okay .
i even have problems with them falling out when i m just sitting at my desk .
i was very doubtful about this product ,  especially since the first listed ingredient is corn .
i will continue searching for a better bully stick made in usa .
i bought the soundbot num_extend headphones and have not had a problem with them .
maybe some people just aren t very observant about design or maybe i m just picky .
but like another reviewer mentioned ,  it won t read anything any more .
i have been using this cream for the last num_num months with absolutely no noticable difference .
the tower was completely worthless ,  actually worse than the simple diapole that came with the tuner .
next ,  after about a year and a half from the time of purchase ,  the card error problem occurred .
i have been shootign airguns for num_num years ,  and so i know more then the average airgunner .
these were great at first purchase ,  but they did not hold up very well .
this piece of junk died after less than a year in service .
i ll leave you with a last note .  .  . if you want to save some money ,  don t buy these headphones !  !  !  .
i m highly dissapointed ,  i wouldn t recommend anyone buy this item .
i would have given it num_num stars if it came with the asus driver to begin with .
hardest game i ever beat hands down !  !  !  i still have nightmares about how much i hate this game .
the only reason i gave it a num_num star rating is for cuteness .
this product gets super hot ,  but the plates are not very good for my type of hair .
it was clumpy and the color was off and i really was not impressed at all with this product .
i didn t like it and wouldn t recommend it .
it s just a bunch of crunchy puffed rice tossed in with some flakes .
this stuff is pasty ,  leaves some film ,  and weighed my hair down enough that i actually lost curl .
i couldn t believe you could get so many puppets at such a low price .
these have already lasted longer that the other two pairs together .
this truly was a great concept gone horribly wrong .
i also don t like the feel of the buttons .
i plugged this device into my car and attached my iphone cord and plugged in my phone .
we tried putting a num_num lb weight on the base but that didn t make any difference .
this toy might be good for a child but not a large puppy .
then i waited about num_num weeks later to try it again and the same thing happened .
every bad review i ve read here already sums it up ,  i had the same nightmare with this horrible machine .
the phone does not come close to fitting this case .
a dime and i would have a num_extend shot at getting a good unit .
i believe it is diluted with a less expensive carrier oil .
i do not fault sportsman s guide ,  i have bought other stuff from them that was good .
i followed the directions of pushing for about num_num feet but it still did not work properly .
i think that this product should be illegal to sell .
i never finished the game back then and it was a big pain finishing it this time around .
out of a few flavors i ve bought i would say this is my least favorite .
this clock does not work well ,  and i was very disappointed with it .
the cream is more oil based ,  which does not work well with anyone who has problems with oily skin .
i bought this thinking it was for the iphone num_extend
i can t imagine using it for more than very small extension cords .
i have also written a letter to cuisinart : i have returned this set .
we won t bother comparing this to anything else . then you have to consider the cost .
i think i will be able to get num_num or num_num more uses before it breaks off completely .
i purchased this dvd player in december num_extend it died by may num_extend
the edges of screen protector won t stick  at least on my num_extend
when this set arrived i was disappointed because the glass containers were much smaller than i anticipated .
that should have been the first thing they implemented into this design .
also earbuds are not that comfortable when you sweat .
don t wear this to work for the love of god .
i dislike it even more than when i first received it .
i will not be purchasing this brand anymore .
to follow with most of the other num_num star reviews ,  it consistently just stops broadcasting .
i have ordered num_num of these in the past .  .  . the second one is in my living room as i type .
unfortunately ,  that can t be the root of the problem in this case .
one reviewers opener bit the dust  just like mine  after only one year .
i m not sure what all the raving is about ,  this bread is bland ,  almost tasteless .
all those issues together have kept this blade in my drawer and not on my person .
i don t have much of a review for this product .
we had the unit for only about num_num months when it went on us .
anyway ,  i think there are better choices than this particular knife .
i have been using it for a week ,  and i don t see visible results as promised  yet ?   .
i recently got this game for my son as a birthday gift and was really disappointed .
it worked for about a month ,  then stopped working for some reason .
i have one that has lastedat least num_num years of heavy use ,  but is finally wearing out .
i am looking into roller coaster tycoon ,  and am hoping that it will work much better than this .
the only thing that worked flawless was the color changing lights .
its not peel an stick like others that i have purchased .
i owned the previous model num_extend standard  and installed it with no problem .
it turns out that this  liveaction  mic will not work with the software .
this is the first time i have been disappointed with any shipment from amazon .
think i will cut my loses and try another brand .
we ended up not using it because i thought it looked cheap and detracted from the look .
seems like a really porely made item that i d have thought would have been great .
i bought this at another store and used it to cut num_num pounds of potatoes at once .
we were in the midst of moving when i ordered this and when i got it ,  it didn t work .
not very good . cheap ,  yes . but takes a long time to charge . it says o . e . m .
saying its must of been a delivery error with the mail and that they will investigate .
if it hadn t stopped it would have been great .
i used one to power my sandisk sansa num_extend
i would not recommend this for any shooter ,  not even an air softer .
i purchased this because i have broken capallaries in my cheeks from sun damage .
i ve tried pretty much every brand out there and have found that they are simply not worth eating .
also ,  it contains sunflower seeds which i ve read in a lot of research that chinchillas should not have .
this was no mistake this urinal cost them num_num cents .
as others have noted ,  the umbrella screw strips the plastic threads so easily it s practically a disposable product .
they didn t have my size so i bought them through amazon .
do not waste your money on this product ,  worst purchase i have ever ordered .
i would not buy this again nor would i recommend this to anyone else .
i purchased this to use with my iphone num_extend num_extend
i bought these sony mdr num_extend about num_num months ago .
i don t like that they are made in china .
but still ,  it was an unfortunate situation ,  as i was looking forward to having a good ,  solid dock .
i received this in may num_extend num_num and have used it up until today .
i use many proraso products ,  but this one was a disappointment .
really not sure why people like this game .
this filter came with my hawkeye num_num gallon tank .
i love lavanila products but this scent is just not for me .
i should of posted this years ago when it happened ,  but this thing didn t stand up in time .
you are a waist of human tissue and material that could be used to make other babies .
which doesnt mean it doesnt work perse ,  just that it takes too long when the nails are very thick .
i had jabra when it first came out ,  its battery stopped charging after num_num months .
they were also smaller than most personal size gf crusts i ve tried .
it s a tiny little pot ,  and with generous application probably won t last more than num_num months for some users .
this one is defective and unfortunately it s over num_num days since delivery .
overall :  i cringe when i think about eating this stuff ever again .
too bad ,  because it would have been a great phone charger and holder had it worked .
this is extremely thin and very hard to tear .
i have foolishly bought about num_num of these ,  at various times .
i purchased this for my daughters new iphone num_extend
seems very odd ,  and it was the only reason i want to purchase this longer cable .
there are no must play game for the num_num and that s the bottom line .
so basically ,  if you want to smell like an old lady and still have cellulite ,  use this product .
on top of that ,  it didn t even clean even though i used a handful .
the graphics are alright ,  the game play is lame ,  and the movies are pretty much the same .
i have been using every method i know to clean the heavily charred bottom .
this product did nothing to deter my mom s num_num month old kitten from jumping on the counters .
i will never  never  purchase another schwinn product .
i have stopped using this product and i am going to see a podiatrist .
i used this mouth piece for boxing and i was not very happy with it .
i think i will try a different brand before i give up on this oil .
it caused instant hot flashes that lasted the entire time i used this product .
everyone else s talents were wasted by the material they had to work with .
it did not work with more than num_num feet separation and even then not all of the time .
very disappointed in this company and the veterinary schools that they let pay them off for good advertisement !  .
just know that if you want the blue color that is shown ,  you re not going to get it .
i would pay num_extend as much for something that worked ,  sadly in our house this doesn t .
little did i know what type of damage i was doing to my hair .
i failed to read reviews before buying . i figured how can you go wrong with an item like this ?  .
i reset several times and even tried it with a droid and it still randomly disconnects .
used them a few times but not even every month .
after only num_num week of my two year old of playing with it the mailbox literally fell apart .
i was just really disappointed in this product overall ,  plugging them both in was a joke .
who ever designed this thing should have never left school .
i have programs running on virtual machine and they work just like my old xp machine .
while you can get an iphone num_num into this case ,  it s extremely tight  too short  .
i ordered the wrong product then reordered a num_num elsewhere and the same issue came about .
i have no idea what other reviewers are saying about this cereal being bland ,  tasteless ,  thin ,  etc .
i don t think this is safe for your kids  or anyone  to use ,  i wouldn t purchase again .
the very first time i used this item ,  it separated at one of the two glued areas .
i was not impressed with this conditioner especially for the price .
however ,  i would not recommend to those with even mildy sensitive stomachs .
these replacements are all at the point where they cannot hold a charge for more than num_num minutes .
took a while to receive them ,  turns out neither of them work .  .  . don t waste your time and money .
this does not fit the olympic set bar !  this falls everytime and i would not buy again .
the stand s hinge is made of cheap plastic and will break after a few uses .
i don t recommend this holster for ruger num_extend
it is sad because if it was labeled as a lime juicer only ,  i would give it num_num stars .
i used to have something like this when i was a mere babe .
i am also still unsure as when to use it ?  someone tell me .
this product sprays out unevenly and does not meet my requirement .
i have had some problems with it randomly shutting off .
this is the most dissapointed i have ever been in a toy .
if you don t have live !  ,  this game is a rental ,  at best .
i used this product on damp hair as directed and styled as usual .
so ,  overall ,  i am displeased with the product .
after num_num months ,  the first one started getting noisy ,  which i was too lazy to look into .
i ve about used it to completion but i won t be buying this product again .
if i were you ,  i would stay away from it .
i washed the old one and will leave it to dry in the window for about num_num days .
this is the worst mouth guard i ve ever tried .
the package arrived in a bubble wrap mailer after almost num_num weeks .
i ve been through several bluetooth headsets because i really wanted a wireless option for teleworking .
bad sound quality ,  wireless fm is not a clear technology .
looking at both sides of the blade ,  i can see obvious flaws ,  which looks like poor cutting num_extend
i bought these under the impression that they were suede .
i was really excited to try these after hearing that it took days for dogs to go through them .
this one may have been molded really bad .
very difficult to take to change the battery .
mine worked great for num_num months with my imac ,  network and peripherals ,  then it died .
unfortunately ,  i clicked on the item from another vendor ,  num_extend instead of amazon . com .
i thought it was advertised for the thunderbolt ,  must be another thunderbolt somewhere with a really long screen .
i don t recommend this item ,  based on his experience .
i bought this pot some time ago and have had nothing but problems with it .
i have nothing bad to say about this product and nothing good either .
ordered num_num pair of these earrings ,  to use as gifts .
i bought this based on other s positive reviews ,  but i do not share those same positive opinions at all .
because we didn t have a car we couldn t keep the phone charged and it kept dying .
give it a pass unless you have a small animal using this ,  like a kitten or maybe a rabbit .
it appears that haggar has gone all the way with this product .
nope ,  this is actually for the front of the phone where your screen is .
i have been using corvalen to treat chronic fatigue syndrome .
the graphics are horrendous and the gameplay just isn t what i expected .
these are definitely not in the premium quality category .
it is very cheap plastic pieces that snap together .
plus ,  these clips are really cheap and break easily ,  especially the small teeth .
poor battery life :  this heli drains batteries very quickly .
the design of this product is pretty weak for the following num_extend
that said ,  i will never buy another pair of these .
it also has a strong smell that is very unpleasant .
i purchased this machine a couple of months ago and have never had such lousy service .
as more time passed the battery life for it died a lot faster than you think it should .
why they need to add this to a product that already contains sugar ,  i will never know .
because of it s weight it is not a light push and my puppy lost interest in it fast .
also ,  there is very little room for  hands on  play .
someone offered this toy to my daughter about num_extend years ago .
wow ,  this stuff is a ripoff ,  it give you about num_num spots of stuff and thats it .
it s been only num_num months and num_num weeks now .
i ve been buying hanes panties for nearly num_num years ,  but never this variety with % spandex .
setting up the wifi with this product is close to an impossible task .
i am disappointed in the quality of this product .
fit fine ,  if you don t drop your phone ever it s poor at best .
they need to move the thermostat and get a stronger fan in this thing .
still giving it num_num stars though ,  for including the crappy usb cable .
at num_num yrs old ,  i m just beginning to experiment with different types of bars that are a healthier choice .
my other accutire pressure gauge is num_num years old and i m still on the original battery .
therefore ,  i give this product one star because i can t give it zero .
i agree with the other reviews that said this did not have enough spice ,  not at all .
i have wore a num_extend since i was num_num and have shopped online for years .
this razor is too heavy ,  difficult to hold ,  especially when you have soap in your hands .
this case only had num_num pockets and two wires to hold the phone in place .
it does not slice an onion very well .
so i have been using this product for years .
that leaves only one real question . why do you think konami is only selling this game for num_num bucks .
took this with raspberry ketones and they had no effect .
by comparison this tuna and noodle tastes  off  tinny or something just not right with the taste .
so far i cannot tell that this product helps joint pain .
strike num_extend you re out !  i wish i hadn t bothered with this product .
i ve used my yaktrax maybe num_num times ,  num_num of them were when i was running .
i wasn t very impressed with these graham crackers .
i felt i wasted my money on this product .
it does not stretch there is no give and the med is really xtra small .
that just shows that the left hand of tech armor does not know what the right hand is doing .
that must be why they sell replacement blades and shaft .
i would not be as ticked off if this was not a known issue with these things .
the fans are loud ,  the internal design is lacking ,  and it really doesn t cool off the computer that much .
gave away some to friends and neighbor kids and everyone hated it .
says nothing about incompatibilities . guess what ?  this product does not work with the asus num_extend
they are drying right now ,  but they look more like lasagna than spaghetti .
there was nothing wrong with the cover only i got the incorrect cover .
my scalp began to itch ,  which only happens when i ve gone more than two days without washing it .
i have the feeling that people are either going to love this or hate it .
i have had this vacuum about one year .
this case is worthless with my motorola num_extend headset .
i wasn t consistent with my workout routine but i did continue to use this with no real results .
i have very dry skin and tried this after all the great reviews .
if you need a long trimmer for a very tall tank ,  get a better one than this .
the sweet potatoes looked just like the picture on the box .
but there is something wrong with the design of the scroll wheel .
i have been desperately trying to find a replacement for a standard mouse that s more ergonomic .
i was just looking for a whistle when i first bought this .
this all is of no surprise to me because i have had little luck with melissa and doug products .
with no direct contact . in short ,  the post fell off during normal wear and tear .
it will most likely end up in the battery recycle bucket .
total bummer and dog has no interest after rolling it around for num_num seconds .
the laces that came with them were also aggravating .
i m sorry ,  i hate to say this but i m very disappointed with the quality of this knife .
did they always come from china ?  is that the difference ?  .
would i recommend this to newcomeres of dead or alive ?  no .
i don t even want to taste it while it s warm ,  if it s this bad when it s cold .
i purchased this item as an alternative to aleve ,  because of all the undesirable side effects from nsaids .
this tubing is way to small to attach other things to .
be aware this case will not work with a screw shield as it would lift up the corners .
but i just too excited !  we read instructions and did everything right but it was broken .
don t buy this even if the price seems right .
i never used a screen protector that collected so much oil from the skin ,  it was a grease trap .
too many other games out there that beat this game hands down .
it is just like a speaker phone in that it picks up everything with zero filtering .
she has spent about num_num hour total playing with it .
i did not have any success repelling rabbits with this product .
besides this buggy game ,  i have not had any issues with the num_extend previously .
overall i would never buy this product again .
in order to move it i had to loosed the screws each and every time .
the usual color scheme was there ,  but no two pixels that should have been adjacent now were .
we tried these because they were on sale .
this steamer works ok ,  but it broke in less than num_num months .
the stand and bulk of this grill are just for show .
at first glance ,  this is tiny !  so if using for a wig ,  it may drape over the bottom .
at this point ,  i m playing madden num_num for the num_extend on my hdtv .
i bought num_num of these kits hoping they would work .
i tried to save a couple bucks on this unit ,  that was a big mistake .
i am very disappointed as i thought i had finally found a dish soap dispenser that worked .
i bought these at my local supermarket and i had to throw them away .
plus ,  this product calls for num_num oz per gallon ,  whereas those others call for num_num oz per bucket .
there are invisible black light things on the cards that the game rules never even discuss .
don t they have engineers smart enough to figure that out ?  so i tested it .
i would not recommend buying this ice cream maker .
the first one last about num_num months ,  the second one ,  num_num months .
the gargles taste pretty good ,  but they seemed pretty weak from a saltiness perspective .
i ve never seen such a useless product and would never recommend this product .
they were some chineese chargers that only the home charger worked .
i m still searching for comfortable noise cancelling headphones for less than $ that work .
i ve tried giving them each two num_extend pieces n they got the runs by the next morning .
the thing that i despise about this headset is the earloops and how easily they break .
i dont recommend this to anyone not even a kids who likes to play with these sorts of things .
the only thing is it doesn t have a cool air option .
luckily i am not using them for baking or cooking or they d be in the garbage already !  .
if you thought that farberware made good quality cookware ,  you are wrong .
well ,  i ordered num_num of this belts on february num_extend so they have some num_num months of use .
these shoes looked like they did not lace because the ties were tucked inside .
there is only predefined set of services that can be enabled; you can t configure your own .
i ve tried a lot of stevia brands and this one ,  while not the worst ,  is definitely not the best .
unless your a munchkin from oz ,  the chest strap will never make it around you .
the bottom line is they don t know what is in it since they don t make it .
but i would not recommend these to anyone with a caffiene sensitivity .
i ve used it num_num times now before i realized this .
it could have been much better i feel .
i would have been better off just going to walmart and picking something better up .
this is the most disappointing item we bought for christmas .
ok ,  so i will admit that i was not using these socks for yoga ,  but rather for piloxing .
unfortunately ,  it only worked % of the time about num_extend away ,  passing through num_num wall .
i thought this would smell better ,  maybe as good as bergamon but it doesn t .
for lighter sleepers i think this would be a great device but it was just not for us .
it does not even have to have a speaker ,  because i carry around speakers for my ipod .
do not be fooled to think that this could hold a dog of num_num pounds .
this post does have carpet but this is not high quality carpet .
there s a lot wrong with it and very little that s right .
i bought this canner with great expectations ,  but was very disappointed .
there was too much inventory that you picked up that had no purpose other than to trigger a cutscene .
i would not have known this if i did not need to call linksys for some tech support .
my machine took three quarts and it took me more than a half hour to pump that much .
i would never recommend this product at all .
my two rats have never paid any attention to this thing .
the smell is deceiving because it does not give flavor to any foods i ve tried so i gave up .
i buy a lot from amazon ,  but this is the worst product i have ever received .
this worked ok til it stopped working at about num_num months num_extend month out of warranty  .
i don t think they will last long and they are not what i expected .
not worth their time . conclusion : i won t be buying this model again .
i have been a simpsons fanatic for the past num_num years and am humiliated by this  .  .  . video game .
you would be much better off with a halogen bicycle light which would provide much better illumination .
i did not like these clippers ,  they were very hard to clip with .
well ,  i guess i found out the hard way that it does not fit all mophie products .
if it proves to boil water next year ,  i ll update this review .
that was not the case with this product . my curls were firm ,  but they felt dry and rough .
works fine on windows xp ,  but does not work well with linux .
it s very simple to grind beans ,  yet this machine doesn t work properly .
i bought this lense about num_num years ago and used it very little .
i would not recommend this product to my dog to chew on .
no matter what i have tried with it ,  it still tastes burnt .
as soon as we can garage sale this thing ,  i ll be buying something else .
the logitec was by far better in both cases ,  yet still not good enough for vr .
i have purchased num_num of these and they just keep breaking off .
i used this product for the first time last night .
i didn t realize this was for an iphone num_extend
i purchased this june num_extend num_num and now it has completely fell apart .
i used scott num_num sheet single ply in college and this stuff makes that feel like charmin .
it s one of those things that suck but you don t want to send it back .
will not reccomend this product to anyone with a ferret .
this is after approximately one month or so total use over time .
i have just used this rice cooker for the first time .
i would not recommend anyone waste their money on this product that s being distributed by amazon .
this is a very expensive product too . try something else !  .
so i thought i d give this one a try since it claimed to have dedicated dvd controls .
i usually wear a size num_num and that s what i bought .
very disappointed with the quality and functionality of this gate .
i thought they would look awesome ,  but i was wrong ,  the fit is not good at all ,  unfortunately .
i ordered this from amazon ,  and unfortunately it arrived missing the bracket that attaches it to the cage .
very strange indeed ,  i cant even keep them on my feet .
i was very disappointed once i received this product .
i would not recommend this phone to anyone looking for their little one .
too bad because length is excellent ,  but it is not a good quality product .
i bought this camera in december of num_num by october of num_num it wouldn t work any more .
they ride close to the knee which also makes these a defeat of purpose .
i tossed this thing right into the garbage .
even when they got it to move past that catch point they weren t very engaged with this thing .
these were also much harder to chew than the other flavors  the others are softer  .
these batteries only last for about an hr after putting one in .
after that the  spring loaded tip  tends to shoot the spikes directly through your hand .
so this toy is no better or worse than any other plush dog toy .
when everything is operating well it takes upwards of num_num or num_num minutes from a dialup to download .
i don t like the way this screen protector feels on my phone .
my son got this as a birthday gift and never showed any interest .
i can t believe i got suckered into buying this piece of junk after seeing decent reviews here on amazon .
the truth is ,  this product works awfully for me .
when i used this product ,  i discarded the diced pieces of the core that i didn t like .
this remover burns so bad ,  and doesn t even really remove all the glue from the eyelashes .
also ,  it is very large  but ,  i don t see how they could design away the size  .
i will never purchase from that company again !  .
i cannot speak for anyone else ,  but this product did not work for me .
i think bloch needs to go back to the drawing board on this one .
and i m sorry to say ,  i haven t noticed a difference in a month of using this product .
since then i have tried diluting each pod with some water but the rotten taste persists .
they also made my face feel dry and parched .
it s the only thing i ve ever tried on my hair that seemed to have absolutely no effect at all .
i don t know if there are any other kind of spigot near my house that will work with this .
just make sure you only use it at home .
i was debating between a num_num and num_num star rating .
this product just has too much sugar in it for hair .
bought this because it was the way to get the chamber brush .
wow ,  likely the worst cup of coffee that i have ever had .
they left a sticky film where they were and the film cannot be removed easily .
i have tried using this twice and gave up on it .
so if you are looking for something bigger like i was ,  i don t recommend this .
coleman products are almost always great ,  but this is not one of them .
i am very disappointed in this particular shaper .
a lot of people seem to be complaining about the bell not being loud enough .
please no one should compare this with seche vite .  .  .  . this is no where near as superior as that is .
other than that usage ,  the phone has been idle .
the npcs if you choose to play with them are very predictable and annoying at times .
if you re going to spend that much money ,  you might as well just buy real fruit juice .
i don t like this game chiefly because the music sucks .
i didin t purchase this from amazon however this is the weakest ,  worst dryer i have ever used .
i have seen kids toys built num_num times better than this .
can be a real mood killer ,  if you know what i mean .
these gloves only lasted few months ,  after num_num months of use i disposed them .
this backside s frame s curvature will probably not fit a majority of users .
the one i ordered pictured a couple of stainless steel rods to stabilize this spatter screen .
these screen protectors do not even fit the phone .
when i installed mine i took a drive for about num_num minutes and called several people .
the controls are horrible and more difficult to deal with than being num_num grand in debt .
the sound quality is very poor ,  it sounds like your in a tin can .
i read other reviews to try to figure out how it worked but i couldn t .
be careful with this product it is not for everyone !  .
this thing could be a great product but the ball head on mine is aboslutely awful .
do not even think this will be diffrent for you ,  i wish i was not a risk taker .
this asian company is barely num_num years old .
i can tell you that you get dumped off at an orphanage via bus with your little brother joshua .
the call quality was significantly better ,  which is why i will not go back to ordering these .
my main complaint is that it gets boring .
the quality of the product itself seemed to be adequate but unfortunately i could not even try them on .
after about an hour or so ,  i applied num_num friggin  drop of this stuff to my right wrist .
he turned the computer back on a couple of hours later and the speakers didn t work .
even though they are quite large and heavy ,  they are easily lost .
there is no way shimano was thinking when they made these very useful items so expensive .
it s all plastic and i just didn t think i could trust this for reloading .
this product did not help with underarm odor or sweat .
trust me ,  i m a sucker for older designs .  .  . this ain t one you want to hold onto .
doesn t work well ,  just pulls the child under water backwards !  .
this is the worst airpot i have ever bought .
i might try the matte formula during the warmer months when i don t have such dry skin issues .
i bought this nook simple touch on amazon . com ,  but when i received it ,  the wifi would not connect .
i returned this bra because it was smaller than expected around the band .
the first thing i noticed was a huge dust cloud after i poured the litter in the box .
i didn t use the wire that came with the feeder as it was too short .
the taste is not enjoyable it does not taste like good lemonade .
this thing worked for num_num days after i bought it .  .  . stone age and not worth the money .
however these ones fell apart after just some mild heavy bag drills maybe num_num hrs of use .
the main problem with star ocean s system is that the ally ai is abominal .
i left it over night thinking that might just be what happens when you add it to water .
i am usually a fan biore products ,  but i haven t been impressed with the steam activated cleanser .
i have owned three of these drives now ,  and all three have failed in a matter of months .
as much of a wilton fan as i am ,  this is not a good product .
i am so sorry to say that i fell in love with this pan .
no wonder the price keeps dropping on this coffee maker .
originally posted january num_extend had the product for about num_num months .
many users blame the pain from allergic reactions to the formaldehyde that is used in this product .
i am not sure why this crawl ball has so many positive reviews here on amazon .
instead i got a game pretty much like the old ,  and originally fun but now boring ,  rainbow six games .
it s not mentioned on the cd that came with the cable .
at first i thought some things were wrong with the cats that are so stinking and pooped so much .
this stuff works just ok as a sulfate free shampoo ,  but i m not that impressed .
they only contain % beeswax and the rest is petroleum based like any other crayon ,  not happy .
a hummer feeder that the hummers don t like ,  cute or not ,  is pretty useless to me .
this is the first time i am very unhappy with my amazon purchase .
for what i paid ,  it was not a good value .
i have never before been so utterly disappointed with a purchase .
it seems like a software bug .  .  . as others have mentioned ,  documentation is poor .
skype calls ,  more than num_num computer ,  xbox live ,  all of it .
i didn t even have anything in the pocket the zipper was keeping closed .
even provoking the police gets boring after a while .
while this tripod does what it supposed to do ,  there are better ones out there for the price .
they are warmer than most fabric socks ,  but not worth what you pay for them .
when they arrived i removed them from the box and began to assemble them .
i bought this jukebox about a year ago before the version num_num came out .
i really wanted to like this stuff after reading all the good reviews on it .
i have been trying to get him to play with it ,  but it isn t fun .
would not have purchased had i known this beforehand . that is why i consider these knives not worth the money .
i would not recommend this as an effective way to kill flying insects .
they look like bmp images done with ms paint .
this is very sturdy but takes too long and the fabric so thick not convenient to wash .
i m requesting a return ,  not only because this product isn t worth my money ,  but because it doesn t work .
i consider this a product i would never repurchase or recommend .
well num_num weeks later i m still trying to get the replacements and now i just want a refund .
does not cover well ,  does not last long ,  cakes up by the end of the day .
and for someone who eats chocolate like it s becoming extinct ,  this is a bad thing .
what ?  we have no organic chicken in the usa ?  i am so disappointed with this product .
i thought this ball changed colors while my dog was rolling it and playing with it .
after fiddling with it for a while i became fed up and tossed the case .
i bought several packs of this as spare or replacements after i bought fluval canister filter num_extend
my nails are chipping and flaking more now than they were before .
i have sjogren s and these drops do not work for me .
omg ,  this product just stunk ,  i could not wait to wash it out of my head .
i have tried other garden of life products with great results but this one ,  imho ,  is not worth it .
as a lip balm ,  it s no better nor worse than any others i have used .
given amazon s great customer service i m sure i can return it but it s not really worth sending it back .
the quality is okay ,  but the knife does not fit in the sheath very well .
for well over num_num years i have used brita ,  up until num_num year ago .
i almost threw up from the smell; luckily i have a num_num minute drive .
this product is meant to be mistaken for an inductive charging system and has num_num major num_extend
you may pay more for other brands but you will probably get what you pay for .
i bought this product thinking that i could return it if i didn t like it .
this thing is about as unwieldy as a piece of medium weight plastic .
i have an unreliable connection with this cable .
i ll just say this one thing :  if you re deaf or impatient ,  avoid .
they are much thicker and heavier then the seabond and have no adhesive for holding power .
this set up only added about num_num hours of life to it .
this is the worst and gungiest product that ever came in contact with my hair .
after reading all of the reviews it seemed like this is the product i was looking for .
considering that it is a dog toy ,  i feel that it was not put together very well .
like another reviewer s ,  my experience has been mixed .
they are foamy ,  the edges are irregular ,  the strap was a different length on the left as the right .
plus the cord hanging the middle of everything is just weird !  i wouldn t purchase this again .
i would not order a case like this again .
cardboard toy with a toddler not .  .  . i thought it would be more sturdier .
unfortunately ,  the franchise has not gotten better over the past few years ,  and this attempt shows it .
i noticed no difference ,  been taking this for a couple of weeks with no results .
we tried antibiotics before this with no results .
i would agree with reviewers that rate this speaker phone num_num or num_num stars .
it lasted for about num_num months and then fell apart .
i would not recommend wasting money on this umbrella ,  it s crap .
they are the worst quality headphones i have ever owned .
it s not even num_num here yet and the thing dries up in less than num_num days .
i m horrified that it seems to have gathered so many good reviews .
to my surprise ,  the battery life went down while plugged in with the navigation on .
the coffee in both instances was not bitter and was at least better than instant .
i would not waste your money of ordering this .
this has contributed to his anxiety ,  which means more xanax to tone that boy down .
after reading all the reviews i was sure this was the wallet for me .
also ,  it s a huge struggle to get the top separated from the base when i m doing using the spiralizer .
i bought this num_num months ago to pair my nexus num_num with my car stereo .
i purchased these bags for organizing gear in my pack ,  be aware these are very ,  very small .
i really wanted to like this ,  but it is difficult to get past the extremely bitter aftertaste .
this is a very cheap way of making the game harder .
i have no faith in food products that are handled in china and i m disgusted with wildside .
this is not really made for women whose cup size is c or larger .
the result of this problem is that at num_num yards ,  my shots are about num_num inches high .
i m disappointed with the quality of this case and the body glove name .
however ,  i have bought the black version of this and gave it num_num stars .
however they have failed to send me an rma number to send it back to them .
expensive product for something that shows no effect in any of the num_num of my cats .
i have used this peeler only a few times and it is already quite dull .
there was nothing that was done wrong with this case for it to break .
this ball was in pieces in fewer than num_num hours .
nice idea ,  just a poor quality knock off of the original .
in reading the reviews ,  it seems this is more common than it should be .
like many other reviewers here have said this thing doesn t work properly at all .
the straps over the toes are narrow and my little toes will end up poking out between them .
you use it to wash with ,  then you rinse it off ,  just like hundreds of similar other products .
i promptly requested a refund from this company .
generally i like olbas products ,  but they miss on this one .
where do i begin ?  i have been playing the num_extend series for about the past num_num years or so .
this stand is supposed to hold a shaving brush .
at room temperature it often reads between num_num and num_extend
this costume isn t even worth the num_num dollars i paid for it .
i also told them that the netgear num_extend does not experience any of these problems .
not to mention the clipping and freezing like some other people have stated .
i do not recommend this item ,  she was only able to play with it for about a week .
totally useless for what i wanted . up side my kid uses it with his x box .
followed all the instructions to a  t  and still doesn t taste like real pizza crust .
this was the quickest that any cat toy has broken that i have purchased .
i have no idea how this happened because i am careful with my things .
it was a pretty mild vanilla flavor and a pretty weak coffee flavor ,  neither of which appealed to me .
their website doesn t even say where exactly their ingredients come from or where they are made .
tried this first time last night and she woke up coughing and wheezing .
this pill gave me such gas i stopped taking it after num_num weeks .
i will never buy another cord from any of the sellers .  .  . they break or just don t work from the start .
there is no room for skill ,  strategy ,  or fun in this game .
i bought a second one and the same thing happened . i would not buy this color again .
although it has num_num workable buttons which come in handy for some games ,  it has some major flaws .
this is the second one they sent me ,  both are complete trash .
if your child is below num_num years old ,  it will be a useless toy for them .
the price of this item is usd num_extend and there were shipping charge to my usa address .
i love leapfrog products but this one failed consumers .
however ,  i have not found a shampoo that does not but the dermagic brand irritates him less .
this does not works well and have accuracy issues .
first impression of the two was  gee ,  these things don t need any air and man are they heavy  .
i would actually buy more of these in different colors if they were less expensive .
i am not very happy with this product and there is no way to contact seller with any issues .
i will not buy necklaces from this vendor again .
don t try using this product without a pair of socks to immediately cover your feet .
i definitely would not recommend this for a child as young as num_num months though !  !  .
this item lasted only num_num years or so .
i would not want to live an active child with this thing alone .
i don t know where all these high reviews are coming from .
it practially has no scent at all ! i mean it s just so light that it does not make any difference .
it was almost obvious this product would come from china but even worse when it ships from china .
the quality seems not different from much cheaper downy brand .
i am giving this product a one star review because it did not work for me .
as other reviewers have said ,  support is no help ,  and firmware does nothing to help with the problem .
i know other people who got much better results and that s why i wanted to try it out .
even using a skinnier tire num_extend this pump failed to pump at all even after several minutes of trying .
thats about the only great thing about it .
i used around num_num times ,  and the attachment fell apart ,  totally .
i have to start out by saying i have the siren sport goretex version .
i have had this unit for about num_num months now .
if i knew this was made in china i would have purchased a lesser cost case elsewhere .
just not a good setup compared to other brands .
that s about the only thing that went right though . the game starts out fun enough .
the noise cancellation feature does work num_extend only  ,  but the sound quality is really bad .
i bought nba live and was very upset with everthing but the graphics .
the main problem with this coffee is its aftertaste .
this was simply not worth the inexpensive price !  .
the grip is not great ,  and neither are the serrations  though they look cool  .
this supplier is not of the quality i have been use to ordering through amazon .
there s a reason why they don t put the  s outh ,   e ast ,  and  w est on these ,  and this is why .
this case does not fit well the iphone num_extend
will look elsewhere next time i purchase this item .
i was happy when i received it in the mail ,  but after using for num_num days ,  it broke .
my num_num year old daughter saw the commercial for this product on television ,  and she wanted it for christmas .
definitely not work the money we paid for this toy .
i bought this for my increasingly finicky dog ,  but he snubbed this as well .
i have been using shea butter for years and this is not pure % shea butter .
just like the kitchen shears i bought from henckels ,  i m very disappointed in this item .
our warranty has now expired ,  and we will definitely be buying another brand .
this is big and awkward to wrap around your knee .
the brita ultramax water filter dispenser was supposed to answer this problem .
i wouldn t order this again and would purchase larger sized balls next time .
i really don t know what to say about this brush hmmmmmm .
the metal looks a little worse for wear ,  but other than that .
my family thinks this stuff doesn t taste very good anyway .
not worth the cost to return ,  but will never get this version again .
they have caused me to become soo frustrated ,  especially when my wife doesn t get it .
i tested it on my ipods  which was purchased for that purpose  and immediately requested an rma from amazon .
i used it for about num_num weeks and it didn t do anything with my face and under my eyes .
believe us ,  the cup size is about num_num sizes smaller than should be .
this arrive ,  looks like nice quality but was num_num feet and not num_extend
the prongs are not sharp enough to really grip far enough into an onion to afford stability .
i do not understand why petmate would change from a good product to an inferior product .
after half a dozen uses though the integrity of the mat is not as good .
buy one item that will last forever .  .  . this is not an item that will last forever .
had never tried an abba products before this and definitely won t use any in the future .
it crashes several times a day ,  despite it having a very low amount of memory used on saved num_extend
it didn t surprise me that the holder wouldn t hold too well .
i think that the sound quality of the supplied earphones is pretty lousy .
i know this sounds really obvious ,  but i didn t remember i had turned the power source on .
it also has kind of a fake lime flavor ,  which i don t really like .
i ve tried several times to play this game and i can hardly get through it at all .
however ,  there was no indication that this product was going to be shipped from florida .
i bought this game because i had lost my original and i wanted to play it again .
wasted my money on this product !  ruined it trying to put it on my phone .
i thought i was going to love this product but didn t .
i let the phone sit for num_num days after application before i used it .
i have used memorex without trouble until these printable to the hub ones .
they are very thin bags and will not hold anything very heavy .
i wasn t very pleased with how this timer worked .
took num_num in the morning ,  about an hour before my first cardio session .
so i m really not happy with bayou fitness .
after reading the reviews ,  i just used it as an ancillary lock anyways combined with my kryptonite .
so if you are looking for a simple drop in case guage this isn t it .
would not recommend kids can play with these .
so after doing some research i decided to purchase the benoxyl peroxide soap .
the pitcher broke in several places over the last year or two ,  but lasted ok .
clorox is fine for water purification but if stored does not last more than num_num months or so .
i am selling my boots on ebay and will never buy uggs again .
i bought this tie because of the great reviews but it feels very lite and cheap to me .
nature and composter do what they supposed to do without this gimmick .
this charger did not work right out of package ,  it was a gift .
this product isnt great because it did not fit my cabinet .
make sure that you get the cable sold by amazon .
i was very disappointed in this product ,  neither my daughter or myself found it to make any appreciable difference .
we ll see . i have several other reservoirs and none of them have this problem .
the color is not all that great and the price is too much .
it took forever to get this case in and when it finally arrived it stinked something terrible like chemicals .
off to find a better sheet for the future that will last longer .
what a waste now that i have to toss num_num entire jars .
i just bought the vreader for my daughter ,  and i have to say i m really disappointed in it .
used both the stove top and microwave preparation directions and got the same poor results .
actually ,  halo is a little more than a num_extend person shooter ,  but enough on that .
i don t have the same problem with another brand of usb charger .
this coupled with the spotty voice recognition makes voice dialing an option i never num_extend
but if you drink your coffee with little cream or sugar ,  get a higher quality coffee .
normally i only go num_num minutes or num_num mins with the jolen .
this is probably one of the most brilliantly conceived but horribly designed games i ve ever played .
i originally had a ge electric knife for over num_num years .
when using the stylus ,  you can hear slight crackling noises coming from the stylus tip .
i played it for about num_num hours trying to ignore the problems with it .
i have pacific cloth bags that do prevent tarnish . don t waste your money .
i was very disappointed with the results i got from this product .
what a disappointment !  it is a shame company s do not take pride in their products to make them durable .
the sound quality is very poor with low volume and distorted high end .
maybe one day .  .  . other things i don t like about tekken num_extend
the first time i tried this ,  i put opi  you don t know jaques  over it .
the only great thing about it was that it could fit nicely into a corner .
i will not purchase this product ever again .
since i planned to wear these over skinny jeans ,  it just looks funny where it doesn t come together well .
i am not a coffee snob ,  but i do like strong somewhat bitter coffee .
however ,  one can tell that the box is cheaply made since the edges weren t even .
bull ,  i d have to clean it with bleach after every brushing .
i purchased this hoover num_num months ago after reading many reviews ,  including consumer reports .
i bought num_num sets of these for my kids to watch videos on a trip .
in fact i am very disappointed with both of the plantronic products  legend and voyager pro hd  .
after less than a month of shooting with it i started having issues .
i thought for the price ,  this mat would keep the litter from getting everywhere .
other than an automated confirmation email ,  no response after num_num days .
carhartt men s anvil belt , black is a wide belt that feels more like plastic than leather .
but worst part is that i have had trouble with it since the get go .
but i am very disappointed in this product .
i always wanted to like these headphones ,  but they just hurt my head and ears too much .
from the doggles i have on hand ,  i can tell they are not a great product .
my spouse purchased this item when we lost our wood pin during a move .
obviously other dogs like it otherwise they d be out of business .
not worth sending it back because it didn t cost me much .
i have purchased other rago products with pleasure ,  however ,  this one doesn t do the job .
this is not a good option if you want a little extra juice .
i rated it num_num stars because i would like comments on sleep issues with iodine .
nothing wrong with that ,  just thought it was going to be bigger .
the first one lasted num_num years and i have no complaints .
i m using this one for now but this product really stinks .
that said ,  the screen protector became so gross overtime that i had to peel it off .
i ve been using this product for over a month .
i have replaced the battery but still have the same problem .
i hope i haven t destroyed her digestive tract by using this product .
this is the num_extend cycling shorts brand i ve tried and without reservation the worst designed .
i would definitely purchase this new instead of used because it was definitely a corrupted case .
my rating for this product has dropped as i ve owned it .
this thing didn t help my acne at all ,  and then it broke after a month anyway .
i was not happy with the overall fit and finish of this knife .
also ,  be fair warned that this thingy isn t the most comfortable experiance .
maybe you will get a game that doesn t have this glitch ,  maybe not .
i gave the entire bag to a coworker ,  after making about num_num pots ,  and not enjoying any of them .
it s really hard to tell who this product was created for .
if this were the first num_extend game i ever played i would have gotten a gamecube of xbox .
cody tore it apart in less than num_num minutes .
my guess is something must have been wrong with the leather .
i love techno gadgets ,  but this is a $ dollar toy ,  and nothing more .
i compared it to other bottles i have and it wasn t even close to the real thing .
save you money this unit works no better than the wire that came with the stereo from the factory .
i immediately put these cutting boards in the dishwasher when they arrived .
i don t write bad reviews but stay away from this item and possibly the seller .
also ,  the color doesn t seem to suit my skin tone very well .
for num_num bucks you cant really complain  . i would have bought it again for the price tag .
maybe if it were carbonated that would help but honestly :  save yourself the money ,  this is not good .
when connected to intel pro num_num series ethernet adapters there can be serious problems with this switch .
i d give this num_num and a half stars if i could .
had perchused one of these num_num years ago in a combo pack .
then ,  horrors ,  i read the directions that said ,   do not leave cats unattended with this product .   ye gods .
i was excited to try this flat iron after reading all the reviews .
scholl s foot file easily removed with little effort .
i have always been a loyal campbell s soup fan ,  but this was very disappointing .
i figured i d just gotten a bad one and bought another .
never had problems with any other cables here ,  but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust .
this is a cheap coffee maker that used to be a good value .
the next one was just as the other reviews described .
i ve only used it once since i bought it .
save your money and dont buy this not worth one cent .
does not work with iphone num_extend at all .
not i . there s a red film that is all over this thing .
i don t understand why this had such good reviews .
the pump dispenser is the reason for the num_num stars ,  because it is convenient .
the game will crash just about any time it feels like it .
cannot say anything except this really did not work that well and got real hot .
i don t think the large one would have been big enough either .
other than that ,  a waste of money for me .
people are playing out of hope that they will actually get a starwars game .
while this solved the immediate problem ,  it will not work when trying to record shows .
sorry that this didn t work for our crazy pooch .
but it took about num_num minutes to make enough for our family of num_extend
but it did ship fast so that was the only good thing .
yes ,  this coffee maker only cost me $ on sale at target ,  but it only lasted about a month .
and it s like ,  i know it s crap ,  but i keep using it .
with the handle being that it curves inward it is very awkward to get use to .
this game i thought would be good but it is very annoying .
scholls  his and her  gray heel liners that those who have purchased these gel heel liners from  dr .
after about num_num years of use ,  the waffles started sticking .
some last num_num months ,  some last num_num years .
this is an edited review : when i purchased this product ,  i wrote a num_num star review .
i have been using them as directed for almost an entire month now .
do not buy this poacher !  !  there has to be something better than this out there .
not really much positive feedback i have for this product .
although it didn t really interfere with the case functioning it just bothered me when i looked at it .
i ve had this box now for about num_num years .
this ir light is not powerful enough and needs a lot of batteries .
i have the sprint galaxy num_extend it says it fits ,  but it doesn t .
i ordered a num_extend as these are uk sizes and that s a num_extend converted .
so expanded it with a knife . also ,  after i put on the case ,  people could not hear me well .
i bought a spindle of these in num_num and had no real problems with them .
this is one of my most disappointing purchases from amazon . com .
this was the third one i purchased as my other two just stopped working after num_num seasons .
turns out there is catnip in this ,  and kittens under num_num months cannot smell catnip yet .
very long delay to receive and it is not customized for samsung galaxy siii .
other reviews are right there are too many cut scenes and yes the game play is hard to use .
either way ,  you end up with a mouse on the floor with a thick rubber band around its neck .
this toy is a blast but ,  unfortunately like so many things today ,  the quality is very poor .
i bought num_num and only num_num of them works .
i just received this prd and found that the fit was pretty poor for the shoulder .
my first problem with this ar is that there is no easy way to enter codes .
i will not buy the product again but proactiv has other great products i am using .
i probably used this blender only around num_num times over the past year ,  and now its broken . do not buy .
they are more fascinated with taking the the doors  cups ?   off then they were playing with the balls .
it is some kind of cheap metal that deteriorates over time .
you always have to clean this machine immediately after using it ,  because you cannot immerse it into water .
i was very disappointed that this backup battery charger did not work at all .
i have worn merrell hiking boots in the past without issue .
the first time we used this cooler ,  the spicket seal leaked badly .
the cord is very thin and will break easily if snagged .
melted and burnt with the first use and too flimsy to pick anything up . i would not recommend to anyone .
first experience with ankle holster though so wasn t sure what to really expect .
incredibly disappointed with both the product and amazon .
this was one of the worst purchases i ever made .
i thought this would have been a good detangling tool for my natural hair but i thought wrong .
this updates my  first look  review of this product ,  which was probably unduly harsh .
unfortunately i bought this router  aka junk  from amazon .
i am not a happy customer this time .
i saw this store have it for num_num bucks with a torn label and cartridge only .
makes it very hard to read the screen with this screen protector .
overall ,  i m not impressed and wouldn t recommend these to anyone .
i tried to replace an old apple airport base station with this router .
these binoculars definitely didnt help because they frustrated me constantly .
my main speakers were measured to my ear level and they needed about num_num inches of elevation .
like many people here have been saying ,  this product is meant to be refrigerated .
i could not believe that two models in a row would be faulty ,  but sure enough they both were .
after the first successful escape ,  she would get out every single time i left .
if you dont have num_num controllers this game is even more stupid .
if this is true ,  why num_num is num_num bucks more expensive than num_extend you can t fool me on that .
the mywater flavors i just use a tiny drop per liter way less than the half a teaspoon recommended .
the real letdown with this kit is that there is absolutely nothing special about it .
whether this is an issue with my phone ,  i cannot be sure .
you are much better off getting the less pretty ,  but more sturdy ,  cheap ones they make in mexican markets .
however ,  these shirts shrink !  !  !  !  i bought several shirts and all of them ,  after num_num washing ,  shrank .
i was so hoping i could have a cover in every color .
unless he hits the wwp dead center ,  it runs over the side even with this small amount .
when i contacted amazon ,  they said my size was no longer available so they sent these .
it was ,  after all ,  a fighting game ,  not an rpg . that s really the big problem with this game as well .
other than the color they look very similar ,  and ,  i suspect ,  use the same mechanics .
i will not be using this brush again .
well if you have dry skin you do not want to use this it is very drying .
i have also heard other stories about this same issue .
the iphone really needs a horizontal case like this one .
i would rather have gluten than eating this .
i ve used this product for several years now ,  but it isn t working very well lately .
two years after purchasing this measuring the cup ,  the bottom half of the measurements have disappeared .
i have a very hard time using these .
we also had to return the letter magnets because they wouldn t recognize the correct letter .
this did not hold my num_num yr old sons interest for more than num_num minutes .
i love the clubman regular and bay rum as well as their talc but this stuff is simply awful .
this is the worse filter i have ever used .
i won t waste any other food by pouring this chocolate syrup on it .
i may have to return this grossly over priced   in comparison  drinking system .
i should have just got this size container from my regular seller on amazon .
i went through four plug ins within num_num days and they all were defective .
i have used frontline for years ,  and in the last num_num or num_extend is different .
pencil ,  globe ,  toy story num_extend and clone wars were much better games .
maybe it would work better on another vehicle with more room to work and a different size filter .
this wallet was way too stiff and thicker than i expected .
also ,  it doesn t remove waterproof sunscreen very well .
this would probably be better for smaller dogs or ones that aren t so food motivated !  .
i give them num_num star because zero stars isn t an option !  .
so i figured with the price incentive ,  this was an ok compromise .
this thing was obviously not meant for the type num_extend
this means that the front of the scope is not high enough in relation to the rear .
lasted six months ,  then hinges and plastic lid broke . will not buy anything from itouchless again .
i was disappointed with this product because of the quantity of food that it accomodates .
if it detects anything it doesn t like ,  it won t allow you to install the game on your computer .
the cars do not work very well especially when small kids are trying to use them .
they also don t last but a few hours usually num_num to num_extend
i would not recommend this to anyone ,  because it s way way too expensive for just hand soap .
does not make sense economically ,  even if you like instant coffee .
the problem is that came with costs :  the clasp for the waist is very flimsy along with the elastic .
i really wish i hadnt wasted so much time with this fiber .
have used product well over num_num times with nothing .
unable to ascertain if this optic is water ,  fog or shock proof  .
nothing you can do with these they are sticky too and very thin .
i wouldn t recommend this to anyone .  .  . don t waste your money .
i also don t like that there are only num_num shapes when you can get sorters with a lot more .
i remember this because when you re playing a game where nothing happens ,  you remember when something finally happens .
spend a little more for a better brand .
i ve only used it a couple times ,  but each time i use it ,  it leaves my hair too dry .
after less than two years ,  the signal became spotty .
i thought this was a necessary accessory because the num_num runs so hot  unlike the num_extend
luckily this wiped off but i don t like the fact that its rubbing against the num_extend
if i still had the packaging ,  i would return this poorly made product .
sometimes when you put your usb cord in the phone does not charge .
it slides around the face and is irritating just makes them freak out even more .
if this game came out num_num years ago ,  it would ve been awesome .
she looks just like one of the hamsters on the num_extend
this leotard was waaay to small and does not come with the shelf bra that it claims .
i bought them cause they were cheap and i got what i paid for !  not good .
this is an vicious marketing trick by a company that doesn t care about customers at all .
assuming  my first mistake  that these folks knew what they were talking about ,  i ordered it .
they really didn t feel that much better than cheaper house slippers .
this is probably one of the worst games i have ever played ,  if the the worst ever .
i agree with the other user that gave this a bad rating .
this time i ordered num_num packages and they were flat shapes and irregular sizes .
i have sun spots and put this cream on religiously every day and saw no change .
the blade on this foil cutter is not sharp enough to open about half of the wines i drink .
the game might not be so bad if you actually had some control over what was going on .
unless it is a defect ,  i would say this toy is not well designed .
first of all ,  will never again buy a hand cream with only num_num oz .
what is that about ?  anyway .  .  . the cups were a little small .
this thing didn t last a day with her .
i m num_extend and this was more than half way to my ankles .
best of luck to other purchasers ,  but i will not be buying this product again .
don t sell them to a discounter or something like that .
at first i didnt like this game ,  then i got into it .
thank goodness this was a gift because i d be very annoyed at having paid for this .
not sure if i did something wrong ,  but i will go back to the product i used before .
there are other ,  cheaper ,  much better electronics that specialize in these arears . cost .
the edge on this knife went completely dull after a few weeks of relatively light use .
i would recommend that you spend your money on an extra bowl rather than this .
i wasn t aware of that before i purchased this .
i definitely will not be purchasing these again .
we ve gone through a few hot wheels sets ,  and this was the worst experience for us .
we have enjoyed the smaller green candy frogs in the past but these were not nearly as good .
just pay a little extra for some quality ,  your not going to be happy for very long with these .
if you have a memory card installed ,  the internal storage will not work .
never before have i received compliments on a phone case .
the chalk comes in pretty colors but makes such a dust storm i would not buy these again .
i have large breed dogs  around num_extend each  ,  so this is not a small dog problem .
but ,  after about a year or so ,  and maybe num_num  uses  it crapped out .
this product does not do what it claims .
search the web for num_extend and you ll know what i mean .
the silicon case was so flat and streched that the iphone num_extend is just sitting on it getting raped .
i had high hopes for this product after reviews i read on the web .
obviously ,  i don t recommend this product and do caution anyone considering it .
i thought i was getting a good deal at the time ,  but i don t think so anymore .
my tank was still having a new tank haze after about num_num months and several partial water changes .
:   there is no firming whatsoever with this product .
i have not used this product since i purchased it .
it was used probably num_num times at the most .
in a store ,  you d probably pay ten bucks for a case like this .
i ll give the vittoria zaffiro s a num_num because they re cheap ,  and one of them didn t suck .
there were num_num star and num_num star reviews .
my advice is that this title is too young to waste your money on .
which can be hard since this one didn t have a ton of user reviews right away .
i had full dentures installed num_num months ago ,  and the lower has been a sliding nightmare when i eat .
unfortunatley the updated version is not nearly as nice as the pair i received about num_num years ago .
not so much with this . to begin with it is not super easy to install .
not only is it difficult to play with ,  it didn t last very long before coming apart .
wish i could send it back but its too scratched up now .
i also have a narrow foot and these shoes were very wide .
suncast products took a big turn for the worse with this product .
i usually get nature s bounty num_extend but thought i would try this brand as it was a better deal .
carafe kept coffee hot for num_num to num_num hours .
the offline practice mode takes no less than num_num minutes to load up .
my husban was not happy with this product because the top cover kept sliding off .
i would not recommend this item to anyone .
this item is very misleading ,  the item name says chef hat but it is child size .
this looked good ,  but upon using it once ,  will never use again . do not buy this product .
this company has to know this chemical is in a faulty jug with a faulty sprayer .
i tried to use this once ,  but it just didn t even feel right .
only gave num_num stars because there two things i use ,  the brow brush and angled brush .
i have dealt with other routers and never ran into as many problems as i have with netgear .
this product completely fails for the first two .
i don t think it will last more than two months .
also ,  this phone case did not last a week without the clips breaking .
i bought two pairs on amazon and was unhappy with them .
i bought a new pair of motorola talkabout num_extend radios and it simply does not work with them .
i would have rated this a negative num_num stars ,  if i could have .
if this was fixed it would be a perfect case ,  but it s extremely annoying !  .
i couldn t wait to get this lip butter after hearing so many people rave about how good they were .
so ,  all in all ,  i m going to trash these at the earliest opportunity and get something else .
even with gel inserts these were very uncomfortable .
although we had very high hopes that this would help solve some issues ,  it just didn t work for us .
i ve done the same with many other chargers in the past and never had a problem before .
i have noticed that more advance games are being released then the supposedly future handheld out at this moment .
then i have to repeat the process of trying to get it to work for num_num minutes .
they all have silver and black that i can rub off ,  even after a mild soap hand wash .
i just want to know where i can purchase a memory stick that will work with this camera .
unfortunately ,  this seller doesn t seem to look over the rings before sending them out .
not even a half hour after eating a bowl from my new box ,  i am getting heartburn from it .
i do not think i will order from them again .
no way does this stop frizz well at least not on mine or my daughter s hair .
with all the mediocre reviews here ,  i was hesitant in buying this router .
in my opinion ,  this bag will not last long .
don t buy this if you are going to be riding in any temperature less than num_num degrees f .
i believe the vibrating part of this product is just a gimmick .
we bought this for three year old son for christmas .  .  . it was a waste of money .
not much to do about this one . third ,  the weight of these things is atrocious .
this is however all wheat flour and tastes like white bread .
some reviewers said they have used this with no such results .
so ,  thinking this was a fluke ,  i bought another one and it came broken .
this phone case would not stay on my phone at all .
i m sorry i bought this product and i am looking for a better glass measuring cup .
i have tasted many lindt flavors and this was my least favorite yet .
this may be a case of unfortunate defective product .
i am not sure why this got so many good reviews .
i still hope others continue to have success with this ,  it just did not work for me .
i use it to  comb  my num_num year old mother s hair .
i did some online searching and noticed some people say they develop gastro issues with this product .
also ,  tried plugging the usb cable into both ports on this adapter .
i would not recommend this product based on the quality alone .
i don t like this product at all i would never order it again . thank you .
you will find yourself walking away from your car only to find it gone .
that also got dumped all over the dining room table .
tried out this kit because it was cheaper than having a pro do it .
we got about num_num months use out of both before they quit working .
i wish we could give negative stars for a piece of dreck like this .
i have been a long time mophie user since my first iphone num_extend
if they were at my local grocery ,  i might give twenty to thirty cents per can for them .
it s just time for a new unit after maybe a total of num_num hours of running time .
he gave me a foolish grin and said that it is impossible to install this without dust and bubbles .
they fit little kid fingers terribly ,  just look at the picture .
i have had them about num_num months now .
no ,  there s something else here that killed the game for me :  pacing .
a very weak link in an otherwise good product .
i still have num_num cans left and no one will eat it .
since then ,  this has been one lonesome pig . i found this game difficult for my kids to use .
this was the worst deal i have ever tried to make .
was expecting a better experience with this product .
i was very excited to try this product and disappointed when i squeezed out some to find it orange .
they either don t answer the hone ,  or leave you hanging for long periods of time on hold .
i have an elderly cat and a young fat cat and neither of them like this toy .
if you are having problems with diarrhea because of this .
this is supposed to start showing signs of working in about num_num weeks .
i had this product for less than num_num months .
after using this product the blades were hot after two minutes .
now obviously ,  it s a big pot ,  it s going to take a long time .
when i contacted the seller regarding this they told me to just send it back for a refund .
unfortunately ,  this thing is really flimsy and quite frequently comes apart when unplugging it from the car outlet .
i got this to try to change out a fuel filter on a num_num num_extend
it s unfortunate because this system is so much cheaper than proactiv ,  but it just does not work for me .
if i hadn t had the zipper bust open ,  i d probably give these num_num stars .
everything . pacific assault is nothing more than mod in the pacific !  instead of germans ,  you fight the japanese .
as said this product is announced as a cover for iphone num_extend
it was ridiculous and a shame because i really like them otherwise .
i kept these but cannot imagine these pants would look good on anyone .
there appears to be several different copies of this design floating around here and ebay .
we have had no issues with the leapster system .
the other turned on the phone ,  but would not display battery condition ,  and would not charge .
this game had so much potential ,  but the designers just didn t put any thought into it .
these protectors are thick and they interfere with the viewing of the screen .
i really wanted to like this game ,  but i won t be spending much time with it .
this is the first and last time i will ever buy a casio .
i will probably not buy this type again .
i was very sad with my purchase because personnaly ,  i thought this game had nudity .
i only bought this because it was $ or more cheaper than the others .
those giving this five stars must not have had any of the top brands .
doesn t fit in belt clip case provided by manufacturer .
this was the worst dried fruit product i have ever had .
i was also disappointed that you don t get to name your characters what you want to name them .
i returned this item because the functions are made more complicated than they should be .
does not work well with hard ice cream .
although i was very impressed with the ingredients in this multi ,  i was not satisfied with the results .
the plot is perhaps one of the worst i have ever encountered .
incidentally ,  this level seems nearly unbeatable and i think gives even more evidence that this was a rushed job .
i gave a tin to some friends to try and they had the same issue .
after trying the switch black cherry ,  i think i m probably going to stick with my hansen s black cherry soda .
tonal quality was mediocre ,  at best . i hate this headset and probably won t ever use it again .
my neighbor could not smell it either  . i ordered another bottle of oil that was great .
i diluted even further and still i would leave the shower with terrible dry and itchy skin .
this is a very cheap product in cost and quality .
this was shredded in less than num_num minutes .
maybe this product works for some types of hair ,  but it didn t work for mine ,  unfortunately .
this particular brand came hightly reccommended but the truth is ,  it s just oil .
the main problem with this product is that the metal part is way too flexible .
with the smallest of the num_num not much larger than my hand .
what a mistake !  something about the formula turned me into a beast over a couple weeks .
my son is num_num months old ,  and we ve had this toy for num_num months .
i ve cooked with pressure cookers for about num_num years .
i was disappointed in this item ,  so i did some research . rothco only makes costume quality products .
guess this doesn t make your decision easier huh ?  .
then after about num_num months infrequent use ,  it died completely .
i bought this flat iron because the price .
i bought num_num of these thinking they were actual doan s machine and tool bars .
i only paid about $ less than what i would have paid at the vets office .
still ,  you might suffer some deaths that could ve easily been avoided had the camera let you see yourself .
tv started malfunctioning after num_num years of ownership .
overall i m pretty annoyed with my purchase ,  and would recommend staying away from this title .
although i liked being about use use the stand ,  the bumper that comes with it is awful .
would not recommend this product to anyone over num_extend am num_extend
even though i am waiting for this order ,  i bought the duracell two pack .
they are terrible quality ,  and definitely not worth num_extend much less the current price !  i returned them immediately .
i would never buy this product again or recommend it to anyone .
moreover ,  i noticed that my hair started falling out twice as much .
i know several people who have tried this product and they all had the same results .
you ll have about num_num or num_num of them ,  sometimes even more .
uppy devoured in less than num_num minutesthrew away not worth the risk .
i ve had this for almost num_num years now ,  but don t use it much any more .
this box was exactly the same ,  but it did not include the color pictures of each piece .
after about num_num weeks it completely stopped working all together .
let s see ,  i wrote a review for this toy where most others left their reviews .
this is quite possibly the worst carpet shampoo i have ever used .
been using these stovetop espresso maker s for num_num years .
now it has been num_num weeks and we see no sign improvement .
even as a liner ,  these aren t very good gloves .
over time i don t think this material would stand up to hard use .
i noticed that the plant sitter feeding tube is smaller in diameter than the sensors i ve used for years .
the magnets on this toy are not strong enough though and the clothes don t stick very well .
there was little difference in the quality of the signal received with the antenna than without it .
besides even if these were functional ,  i don t i would be happy with the sound .
and ,  i cannot in any good conscience recommend this product .
this was a cheap fix to my lack of charger in my ranch truck . dont waste your money .
overall i would not recommend anyone buy this unless you want to waste your time and money !  .
the boxes aren t worth anything ,  and i would not recommend this for anything .
just stopped working . over the years we thought it was ok .
but even then ,  we re not really sure how long this will truly last .
advice from the company that makes it :  disable the firewall .
the quality is very low ,  but the prices are way too high for the quality .
i had never had that problem with my other otterbox cases or any other cases like it .
i used this with the tomcat spin traps ,  which i received at the same time .
maybe its because i don t know what i m doing .
this is really wrong ,  and is totally false advertising .
loose isolation ear buds also make audio quality suffer . volume and phone buttons are small and hard to press .
how disappointing .  .  . if you have a very large and strong dog like me ,  don t waste your money .
it feels very flimsy even though it says it is for dogs up to num_extend
i have tried a number of different tapes and batteries .
below was my first review .  .  . after num_num months ,  the machine went horribly bad .
this yuban breakfast blend coffee was not very good .
would have given num_num stars but that is not allowed by the giant corporation that is amazon .
i didn t have a lot of knowledge about knives at the time and this again is a poor product .
this is the worst sunscreen i have ever used .
do not buy this product no matter how much you don t wanna deal with the issue .
these are brand new and to already look tarnished doesn t fill me with hope that they ll last .
mom ended up developing a sore from these covers which were supposed to make things better .
as most other reviewers have already pointed out this wild bird feeder is not designed properly .
range of this unit in best case was about num_num meter num_extend ft  .
i said  screw it  and bought the more expensive seidio . much better !  i guess you get what you pay for .
other missions are very similar in the fact that they don t relate to skating .
but wait !  that s not all that s wrong with this rig .
i purchased these about a year and a half ago and the handles on every cup have broken off .
the picture on the package is very misleading . as others have noted ,  the stand is not very sturdy at all .
nice that it slides on better than certain other products but the product is just too loose .
it took about num_num weeks to be delivered .
first of all ,  this doesn t even come with num_num person to play with in it .
this is a fairly rigid pad that makes it less than ideal for anything except flat use .
i have been using this for a week ,  and it has not helped even once .
i read and followed the directions very carefully and still the knife was not sharp .
that s too bad because i used to really like logitech .
there were only two characters that were actually in cars ,  eggman and amy .
not what ordered  got for a cheap price and that s exactly what i got .
these would be awesome if they would stick to the plastic .
for one thing ,  you have to go into an aim mode to use a gun or throw something .
they would last me a long enough time that i would forget how old they were .
i figure each brush lasts about num_num weeks before i have to put on a new one .
hello , i had to return this product because it did not work .
num_num does not get the dirt off the floor very good .
the base is flimsy and i wouldn t even bother trying to fill it with water .
the quality of this product has gone down hill in recent years .
i sent this back and ordered another product that was much better .
this is the worst hair product i have ever tried .
i would stay away from this one ,  i m currently returning it myself .
the edges are also raised quite a bit and are too close to the earpiece and home button .
also ,  this conditioner smells like lemon scented mopping solution .
they must have been on the shelf too long or in a damp warehouse .
its not different then the battery that comes with the phone ,  .
the buttons were not set low enough in to keep them from being pushed . what a huge dissapointment .
sure wish amazon would have been truthful with their description .
i played for about num_num minutes and couldn t take it anymore .
i think they should take this stuff off the market .
i just could not see myself paying the high price for this product .
i ve been using the charcoal purr pads for my num_num cats for over a year now .
he was devastated a month later when it stopped working .
i have had this phone almost num_num weeks num_extend days  .
first thing i noticed was that the axe was dull as dull could be .
now they are suppose to be stainless steel ,  figure that one out on your own .
i would recommend this for children ,  but for an adult s hand it is not suitable .
the calories are very high and the product does not taste good .
once thomas ,  percy and terence have done their thing a couple of times ,  there is nothing else to see .
i wanted something a tad larger than the roocase ,  that s is why i ordered this thing .
i have a metatarsal fracture that birkenstock shoes sooth . i was very disappointed in this product .
this thing drains its battery doing absolutely nothing .
this cheaply made forgery would never withstand the kind of punishment involved in normal kitchen use .
i would never ,  ever buy this product again .
this is not a great product to buy .
well ,  it pooped out ! stay away from this product !  .
my last set of bulbs from sylvania were brighter than these and lasted num_num months longer .
doing mashed potatoes with a mixer needs some amount of cutting action to tear up the potatoes .
that being said the headphone jack fit but there wasn t any sound .
i still have them but only wear them to the gym still having the same results .
this is not the kind of shampoo i would purchase or even use again .
it s also prone to damaging itself when it does this .
i bought this product a few months ago and it s already broken .
i read a bunch of reviews and was excited about these bottles because they weren t supposed to leak .
i am kind of disappointed of this product .
it did not fade at all with this product .
nice looking but dont hold a charge very wellyeh well what can i sayim very disappointedyup nyup .
this is a very weakly constructed device and does not hold up to even the lightest of use .
i would not recommend that anyone purchase this .
i suspected this when i bought it and quickly learned that i was in over my head .
and now i m seeing that the charger doesn t stay in the phone very well .
it is the first time i m having this problem with wide shoes .
i would think twice if your interested in purchasing .
she shortly stopped playing with it and i plan to return it to toysrus !  would not recommend .
countless calls to customer service and repair service have had no effect .
sorry degree ,  but i just don t think this was that much better .
with that in mind ,  i was disappointed with this product .
the farthest a pellet came out of this gun was about num_num feet .
according to amazon ,  i bought this back in june num_extend
i wish they would have made it easier to slip on and off .
this feels like tingle lotion without the tan benefit .
it only expands to num_num feet when it is filled with water and under pressure .
so i unplugged it for about num_num minutes then came back to plug it in and try again .
this num_extend player only lasted two weeks in my possession .
the rockports are sold as walking shoes but they hurt my feet after about num_num minutes of walking .
it doesn t look like the crunchy vanilla sunrise is all that healthy .
the plastic on this holster is a lot thinner than the holster that came with my xdm num_extend
i ve used non stick pans for years and never had it flake off .
the player has been plagued with problems since about num_num months after purchasing .
i had an old one with a cloth bag and that one lasted num_num years .
this battery has already failed in taking a full charge .
this was a costly mistake and the last russel outdoors products i will ever buy .
i did not have a good experience with my purchase .
but i don t think anybody that i know would like this particular coffee .
alot of the jokes get old very fast after you have played it a couple of times .
the only thing that was detailed was the main character .
i would love to give a good review but it didnt deserve any stars honestly .
these boots were just along the side ,  not even up to the knee like a lot are .
bought this mouse about fews months ago and it already dead .
this is the weirdest assortment of craft stuff i have ever seen .
this bra runs at least two sizes smaller than my normal size .
the only place that it doesn t hurt too much is on the back .
i purchased my tungsten e handheld in january and yesterday , march num_extend handheld would not turn on .
i wish they would make a spray collar that would last .
a size num_num might work but that might still be too long .
the instruction book that comes with the game is very poorly written and is not accurate .
i used this is my car and the thing only worked for a couple of weeks .
i can t imagine foam is going to last very long on a concrete or similar surface .
no ,  that was the size they were meant to be .
sadly ,  their presence on my computer is a reality ,  and they don t work well with this microphone .
this is not good for spices as they will not keep well if the container is not sealed .
the kit only contains enough jell material if you have a num_num inch penis .
last week while it was plugged into my computer ,  it just died .
like the others said ,  this product stings a lot .
it may be fine for something like a closed area where anything intruding at all needs to be detected .
wrong after using this item for about num_num months i noticed a decline in the charging power .
they kept losing connection with my phone ,  so i had to turn the off and on again .
i m very disappointed with this toy ,  as is my son .
i ve tried many of the hodgson mill bread mixes ,  and this is my least favorite .
lasted about num_num days and charged very slowly .
thank goodness i bought it from amazon ,  because cuisinart was no help .
after playing the pc version online of this game ,  xbox shouldn t have even bothered putting it out .
and dance with them on ?  forget about it . i mainly got this to use the volume control knob .
i was very disappointed ,  and do not recommend this flavor of thinkthin bars .
the directions require you not use the phone for about num_num hours so the screen protector can set .
that s almost num_num diamond falling out each time she wears the earrings .
no way this can be worn by a real adult without feeling like it s some halloween costume piece .
i keep the phone in same places now where i used to put with no screen protector .
i ve been working with monitors and cables for almost num_num years .
i wish i had purchased another electric one instead of this .
c mon ,  that s gotta be the stupidest idea for a story and for gameplay that i ve ever seen .
sorry that i had to give this such a bad review .
i have dropped my rating from num_num stars to num_num because the coffee is not really that good .
never again will buy from this company again .
however ,  i feel that the photo should depict the product exactly .
i personally can t see paying num_num bucks for this product .
this seriously  please listen ladies with similar issues  just looks like you sprinkled dirt on your head .
if you honestly like this unit your not a very good cook then .
of course it s made in china ,  whose products seem to be getting worse in quality .
i would not recommend a product that has the potential to cause the problems i experienced .
not even num_num stayed vaccuum sealed for longer than num_num days !  i did them over and over and over .
it was with the two previous installments in this series ,  but the control is nothing short of totally aggravating .
otherwise it would have been a num_num or num_num star scooter .
i gave this product num_num stars because it stopped splatter .
my daughter and i have been working on a num_num piece puzzle for over a month .
definitely the negatives outweigh the positives on this one ,  and as such i don t recommend anyone buy this .
they may have been good at one time ,  but these china made pots are a waste of money .
a waste of money for anyone who doesn t have an ancient fax machine they don t want to upgrade .
this is one of the worst shampoos i have ever tried .
i should have just stuck with the sanyo eneloop charger i already have .
this little trimmer does virtually nothing to help trim the errant hairs from nose and ears .
it s not worth the money and doesn t seem like it ll protect a phone at all .
we have had nothing but trouble with this thing .
i bought this so long ago that i can t return it now ,  but i m really unhappy with this purchase .
they last about num_num months with once daily use .
we bought a replacement battery for num_num of our samsung phones ,  but from different companies .
i ve never had this problem with other organic pressed coconut oils .
some time ago ,  i bought num_num of these bras in black .
i tried to like this healthier alternative ,  and i just can t quite .
these disks will only work well when burned at num_extend and even then aren t % functional .
newer wireless adapters have more then just this num_num antenna .
the bottom line for me is that it does not work .
i am not impressed at all with this product .
i wish i could give num_num stars to the seller ,  which is amazon .
have not used this because the instructions are very lame .
i needed a splitter num_extend in and num_num out  and i was hoping this would work .  .  . it didn t ,  at all .
this is an edit of my earlier review in which i gave the watch num_num stars .
i would not recommend this coffee if you like a good flavor coffee .
it resides in the useless junk pile along with other stuff i bought on amazon that did not perform .
i m pretty sure that this intercooler causes the opposite of it s advertised effect .
this is not one that i would recommend .
this has happened num_num times with num_num different units . sucks ! never again !  .
i will never ,  never use this product again .
something has gone very wrong with the quality control on this product .
when i first squeezed some into my hand i noticed that it had a very chemically odor .
i am very sorry i purchased this toaster .
apparently ,  this product is for people with one wheel bicycles . for $ i will not be buying a second .
finally i have resorted to using it as a storage bin for the food .
they were light ,  felt like hey would break without much of an effort .
i think i would rather be strangled to near death than play this game .
i returned it after num_num week . i do not recommend this headset .
this most awful computer game i ve ever played .
i am also disappointed that the amazon website did not list that it contained gelatin in it s product description .
they have all been crap and i have had issues with them all .
wouldn t mind getting my money back for this red bottle of goop .
there is an even chance that this was left over from manufacture .
not only does it have more calories and carbohydrates than my usual tonic ,  it actually taste far too sweet .
i ve been using primarily alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them .
when i take it i fall asleep within num_num minutes and i m out for most of the night .
i purchased num_num different timers from num_num different manufacturers .
after reading all the glowing reviews ,  i decided to order this for my son s lunch brown bag .
phenomenal products . nars multiples have been duped by so many companies it s ridiculous ,  and at far lower prices .
i would not recommend this to a friend .
i have been buying american apparel yoga pants for years .
i hate this product !  i would never recommend it and will never buy it again .
very poor customer service ,  did not provide any help in this matter .
it seems to me that this suggests rubbing papaya extract all over your body isn t such a good idea .
turned my girl friends phone pinkish red do not buy this case do not buy this case .
this flap is so cheap that with hardly any force flipping it open popped it right off .
just needed a portable radio for yard work ,  walking; but this didn t work well .
this phone start having problems after the num_extend num_num months which was not good for me or my daughter .
this is simply junk :  don t waste your money .
i give this item num_num stars only for the stickers and a few other included items .
i will not bother with this stuff again .
i would not recommend this carpet cleaner to anyone !  .
i ve bought num_num different ones made by this company .
what is this company thinking ?  i do not recommend this product at all .
would have been nice if it came with a plastic lid for storing grated cheese in the refrigerator .
but the plastic snaps on the metal legs are of such poor quality ,  that they broke in two places .
i am totally unable to drink this package undiluted with regular coffee ,  it would have to be strongly diluted .
only used a chain breaker on it twice ,  to shorten the chain and insert the guide pin .
i am very disappointed in this product and expected it to taste fruity which it does not .
i would also not recommend these for people doing vigorous activity where they re likely to fall out .
after just a little over num_num months of off and on use the pump has stopped working .
it is true that this product does not contain pure num_extend
i have long ,  thick lashes ,  and this mascara makes them look very thin .
the chin strap came loose within num_num minutes of its arrival .
this didn t do much of anything ,  keep your money .
if i do change components i will consider a brand other than linksys .
although my cats loved this catnip toy ,  it lasted less than num_num minutes .
if you like games with good graphics ,  do not get this game . the gameplay isn t that great ,  also .
also ,  it comes affixed with num_num unremovable hooks for hanging without instructions .
i would have liked to play this game but it would not cooperate .
and it doesn t sharpen knives . instead of this ,  buy the rada knife sharpener .
i want to try again but they did not have the size i wanted .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  it isn t a very useful or functional tool box .
you have to remove the whole thing in order to charge your phone .
with all the good reviews ,  i really wasn t expecting to need to return this  .
they ve always dissapointed me  beyond divinity anyone ?  trust me .  . pass this one by .
i don t think i will be ordering it again .
you also don t have the num_num mins it says to apply more .
a game shouldn t have to take a long time to complete .
and for those who say they like this product are lying or the reviews are fake .
my mistake was not noticing that there are different types of mytouches .
they re going to be replaced immediately with any battery other than this one .
this is battery pack and there is nothing unique about it to counterfeit .
but since i got this one over a year ago i have only used it num_num times .
i bought these for the sheer price ,  but i really regret it .
however ,  the sides of the pillow are more stiff than i thought they would be .
i liked them when they were in there but this just ruined it for me .
have requested a refund and will probably not order these cables from amazon again .
the only thing good about this game was the staying power of nina and ryu .
these were very poorly packaged and were a little damaged when i got them .
now i like hello kitty ,  but i do not like this case .
the worst part is that they removed the cutscenes you were introduced to in mega man num_extend
this product provided the single worst computer experience i have had in num_num years of computer use .
the only good thing about this game was the battles .
we were told to buy a map update by customer service for $ and that would solve the problem .
i will not be using or referring this product to anyone .
will not reorder and makes me hesitant to purchase gold toe in the future .
eventually ,  the boys from washington wakes up and decides that they do indeed have a problem with their product .
the smell does go away after about num_num minutes .
but then it starts to leak from the clean water tank .
the only thing that really works is prescription hormones .
after num_num years ,  ive dropped it down to num_extend
this does not happen with other digital cameras .
i don t think this product likes my skin ,  or vice versa .
i have sent num_num other gerber knifes back this year as they were all of low quality .
bought this for my num_num yr old grandson ,  it is not what i expected .
it doesn t really have that good of coverage .
this game was made by rockstar before getting into the num_extend grand theft autos and other games .
this was something that was dished out to the public to make a few bucks ,  and not much more .
but adorama is not very good with customer service .
the good news was that the tires showed virtually no wear .
these must have been sized on a balloon .
gmos have never been tested for safety in humans .
i gave up waiting after num_num minutes on a line that was crackling with static .
i ve had it for awhile and use it regularly and it doesn t show any signs of wear .
also ,  the case does not fit the phone well .
after taking this as directed for num_num months faithfully did not work for me .
but the crate should have been able to hold up .
regrettably ,  the only good part about this tea was the price .
i have been purchasing this model  or very similar  casio watch for nearly the last num_num years .
there is so much velcro on the front its a bit crazy ,  no case needs that much .
sorry but i will not be using this product again .
i used this stuff faithfully and with patience daily for nearly five months with little to no  actual  results .
i have a canon num_extend and i don t have a focusing issue with the kit lens .
several in this batch have done this and because of this ,  i won t order it again .
i gave as directed and then kept giving it to her for over num_num weeks straight .
i do not recommend these because they do not roll well at all .
and it made one cup of espresso num_num days a week for about num_num months  .
really though ?  maybe its because i ve listened to much better before .
alas ,  it does not hold up to hard chewers as well as some other stuffed animal toys .
i was very unhappy with this product because it made my hair very dry .
i don t recommend this product or anyone sleazy enough to sell it to you .
it was probably a defective product ,  but i had to buy another ,  different type of sports earbuds immediately .
i have never tried other wireless headphones ,  so i did not know what to expect .
have always had good luck with hanes products but not this time .
however ,  this product literally doesn t do half of what it advertises .
i read the negative reviews about the leaking ,  but was desperate to try anything .
so i don t really want to mess up my phones charging port so i don t really use it .
i purchased two pairs of these jeans ,  one white and the other latte size num_extend
and there are just some things that make it obvious it was kind of rushed to market .
in very plain words ,  this product dried my skin out very very quickly .
i don t really feel like this is working .
received this product and it was damaged when i received it .
thought i would give them a try and realized why i was not a fan of them .
very poor customer service on trying to return this product .
after a day of fiddling with it ,  the wheels randomly began to spin .
there s one thing that a cheap case can t save you on and that s time .
there are much better tasting ones out there .
maybe i got a reject ?  i have cooked my share of eggs over the years .
i have both consoles xbox and gamecube but i dont recommend buying this game for any console .
my guppies started to show signs of distress after several days of using this medication .
after awhile there was no difference betweenthe stock battery and this one .
had i know this earlier ,  i would not have purchased this product .
i will never buy this crap or eat it again .
but this didn t happen previously so if i can find the receipt it s going back to sephora .
i have num_num problems with this specific product .
with this machine ,  i would possibly have to sit through num_extend seconds of snowy picture before it clears up .
hard to believe playtex didn t notice the odor before they started using this material .
purchased this for my husband while on vacation and he couldn t even play it .
i like there other products but this one was a disappointment .
i suspect that this makes it more difficult to associate the two in the dog s mind .
when all put together ,  they are very flimsy and awkward .
i purchased this item after experiencing a similar item at my hair salon .
i didn t like the smell and felt i could have found a better hydrating cream at a lower price .
i don t like the way the product goes on  sticky  and hard to apply with very little coverage .
this product just didn t do enough to control the population .
the fleas must have hitch hiked on my ankles because my townhouse is now completely infested with them .
this is the second time i have tried this type of aroma diffuser .
all of the sounds from num_num have been carried over to num_num with the exception of new announcer voices .
these watches look great but bad quality movement .
stopped using them for a while and then it stopped working altogether .
i needed to eat a piece of fruit to clear my mouth . update :  upon reading other reviews .
as soon as i tugged at them to see how strong they were ,  they ripped into holes .
i really wanted to like this tea but it was too strong for an num_extend cup of water .
the coffeemaker had been leaking for quite some time so ,  quite frankly ,  i m glad to see it go .
i bought two of these at bevmo and both only worked for a few minutes .
there s nothing else to say about drm that hasn t already been said .
i don t know if i just got a bad batch but i will not be purchasing this brand again .
we have num_num huge dogs ,  so i thought i d give this a try .
i wish i could find the manufacture info for support on this .
i am shocked ,  i have never had this happen with quinoa before .
this button flashed red for about num_num days and then just quit .
used two or num_num times before giving up on it .
the led lights but the phone shows no sign of charging and doesn t charge .
i have had this brush for a few months and i was using it every day .
unfortunately ,  i won t even attempt to purchase this online again .
ugh !  i had such high hopes for this bra after reading the other reviews .
if your olfactory receptors  smell sensors  work properly one cannot ignore the strong smell this product emits .
i ordered num_num of these cases as gifts .
purchased num_num of these feeders and one of them leaked profusly right away .
it is not something i will purchase again .
i think i will go for a loss on this and go gobble mall for some real stuff .
i have had many bluetooth headsets and this one is one of the worse .
there s no question the silicone case must offer better shock resistance .
that is so damn frustrating . all this is very much unlike the later still life games .
my kids played it for about num_num minutes .
i would pass this title up ,  unless it was on the discount rack for less than five dollars .
the first time i used it out of the box ,  one stand s neck is broken .
and it s a shopping experience that will probably be disappointing to real fans of this treat .
maybe this was just a case of me not being a good match for this bra .
it is totally useless . i only used the knife a few times ,  and mainly only for bread .
i thought its just needs some getting used to .
i tried to get another sample but they were out of stock ,  so i just returned it .
i also noted my dog started getting dry skin and it was date coincidence with this shampoo being used .
could be that each bra was manufactured in different countries .
i didn t have a corset or shirt long enough to go down that far to conceal it .
in the deck areas that get hit by the sprinklers ,  the wood is black again after only num_num months .
it s a good thing that i didn t pay a whole lot for this stuff ,  as it s useless .
with that being said ,  we still have had two failed motors and now a failed main board .
for example ,  two of my saves have somehow been corrupted and i ve lost about num_num hours of gameplay .
i returned this bra and actually ordered a different bali bra with the concealing petals .
it was easy to assembly out of the box but i found it very cumbersome to work with .
he absolutely cannot  not to be confused with will not  wear these any more .
both were purchased through amazon . com ,  and off the same link .
i cannot imagine why a dietician would suggest i get this thing .
this spray is very oily and gets all over the place as i attempt to fill .
i thought maybe there something wrong with the emulator but actually it is the gamepads fault .
can t say anything good about this product yet because the one i ordered showed up with broken glass .
i m going off of memory when i played this game like num_num or num_num years ago .
so if we gerryrigged our machines we could have one perfect machine rather than two lousy machines .
i had only been using it for about a minute and it got quite hot .
dtr was obviously rushed out of development ,  or it would not have been so terrible .
this light has a very bright flash ,  but the mounting system is insecure and badly needs a redesign .
the sound would be described as inferior ,  no bass ,  no treble ,  all mids .
i was really looking forward to trying out a reel mower and living a life of maintenance free mowing .
it s games like this that make good  games like this  never get made .
so obviously ,  i am not happy with this product .
this product is very awkward to use on a daily basis .
you get a career ,  a house ,  lose money ,  get paid ,  and the game is over .
i don t recommend this unless you have a strong stomach and are desperate .
i doubt this case will hold up very long .
this charger did not charge at all !  i was upset and just tossed it into the trash can .
either way this mouth guard made me feel like it was some sort of acient torture device .
my face didn t seem clean at all after using this .
i think the concept for the shield this is right on .  .  .  . but the length of the box is too short .
this quality of this product is very poor .
this netting is really only good for something like an outside window frame .
instead i received a tie with cheap metal clips that didn t open properly .
update :  we ve had this for a little over a year and it s become worthless due to leaking .
i ve had num_num rechargeable battery packs that wont hold a charge .
didn t do a great trick ,  i was disappointed with the num_extend family members worked with it ,  all disappointed .
the other battery pack holds about num_num minutes for a full charge .
so i bought another one !  it just broke also after about a month .  .  .  .  . same exact way .
they are definitely not a one size item .
i wish i could rate this product with num_num stars .
there s nothing too special about it ,  and there are other games out there like it that are much better .
i ordered this headset since i broke my original that came with my nokia num_extend
yes ,  so many people swear by this stuff that i tried it again after it did absolutely nothing .
i read a few other reviews where the bulbs would flicker or not turn on .
they are only glued on and not very well at that .
this product came to me with a broken button .
well ,  even with all of the sugar in this ,  the baby wouldn t touch it .
i won t buy this product again due to it not being very long lasting .
i don t have a whole lot of energy to begin with ,  but using this product all my energy disappeared .
no educational value ,  not much fun ,  and frustrating to work with .
we have had it for about num_num months now .
the flimsy cover that it comes with is not sufficient .
i would not recommend purchasing this if you are expecting something young and fresh .
i have read rave review about this product ,  but it is not for me .
i have a very very old meat thermometer that is more reliable than this piece of junk .
folks might not have access to ro water companies so this could be an alternative .
the arms on both sides of my head really felt like they were squeezing my head .
orphen was another prime example of a rushed game that wanted to be a launch title .
this stuff makes it feel kind of dry and stiff and not really clean .
i would not recommend anyone to buy this unless it is simply for a mower toy .
this is not to say that this toy cannot be fun for the right person .
i suspect this is because i have the brand new num_extend version and most other people haven t upgraded yet .
and want to go ahead and get it ,  i would recommend holding off on this unit .
for me ,  this makes coffee taste a little  sharp  ,  rather than smooth .
our vet asked us to not give our dogs these because they cannot digest them .
well ,  i should have passed .  .  . there s really not much to do .
this works every time no matter where it is in the house . this is not a good buy .
this thing is heavy and it is hard to wash .
money in the garbage ,  right where this set should have been ,  would not recommend .
this radio right out of the box did not work properly .
what a shame ,  because there are some really good ones out there .
i had hoped that these little babies would solve that problem but unfortunately they didn t .
i m humiliated and will not be ordering again .
this will work ,  but it ain t no precision tool .
if you have silver hair this will make it appear a dark drab gray .
i ve had it for almost num_num years and now it just isn t working right % of the time .
this idea of shoes  running small  or  running large  makes no sense to me .
so i ordered these in a size num_num and they feel like a size num_extend
once i stopped taking this problem ,  my legs have been fine .
not worth it !  takes soo long to set up , then it s all done in two minutes .
even with extra milk it still had that too strong taste .
it died today after a couple months use .
i also didn t like that there aren t that many mixes in the box .
in fact i don t think any mmo i have played before even comes close to being this bad .
this is the wrong case for the samsung galaxy tab num_num num_num i have .
this stuff was way too sticky and goopy and really didn t seem to do much but attract dirt .
i returned in within num_num minutes of opening the box .
this is why i gave it a num_num star rating .
i bought this because the ingredients didn t have corn syrup .
for me ,  this hat might as well have been made from wool .
this is the num_extend new atrix num_extend model num_extend cell phone i have bought that proved to be defective .
i was using jarrow num_extend sam e first for about two or three weeks .
this bra was like all the strapless bas i have purchased in the past .
btw ,  sams club has this exact pack of tuna for less than nine dollars .
i didn t realize that num_extend magnification was not very much .
i tried it right away along with knot today but it didn t work well at all .
yes they are cheap ,  but their product quality is just bad ,  not to mention the equally bad customer service .
also ,  since you spend more time watching and hearing the graphic novel than playing the game it gets frustrating .
we have had the unit one year ,  about num_num months ago it started turning off during the brewing process .
tried this because of the excellent reviews but i didnt feel anything .
it also seems to splinter more quickly than the other products .
the num_extend to this point is the most awful rpg system i have ever played .
we have a zoji rice cooker ,  a small capacity coffee maker ,  and a num_num lb .
i have since upgraded my phone so i never use it .
he chewed on them for a few minutes and now they are just lying around .
you would at least think that the tip would be sharp enough to slice through packaging tape without effort .
maybe it might work for you ,  but i probably won t but this product again .
not as thick and heavy as i thought they would be .
in my experience ,  a motor should only be this loud when there s something wrong with it .
and i can t return them ,  because they would just claim i used them all .
no warranty past num_num days ,  very upsetting to me .
we spent about num_num minutes with it in the garden that day and haven t used it since .
like many other reviewers ,  these headphones did not fit my ears well .
and though i love salt .  .  .  . this product was mostly salt .
mophie s juice packs are great products ,  but this hip holster is unfortunately not .
plus ,  the volume feature didn t work with my phone or ipod .
i was not pleased with this blow dryer and had to replace it after a short period of time .
i m not sure how this has so many good reviews .
a month later ,  the fan stopped running . overall ,  i don t recommend this product .
overall very disappointed with this ,  and it s going back .
i will never buy or recommend this product .
i am giving this two stars solely on the strong odor this coat has .
if i knew then what i knew now ,  i would have avoided this printer like the plague .
i only used it once so i m hoping to sell it to one of my tanning friends .
thought breyer was supposed to be a quality name but would not buy from them again .
these look like snow boots but they don t keep all the moisture out .
i just used the sample bag that came with the litter box .
hopefully they will figure out that someone put the wrong label on the box .
for many people ,  the degree to which this sock cuts off blood circulation seems potentially dangerous .
it gets num_num stars because it could be modified to be halfway decent ,  but why ? i expected better from glock .
the ball has a smell to it of vanilla or some sort that must have made him destroy it .
first off ,  the design is obnoxious adn its very bad quality .
i dropped this thing one time on my hardwood floor from about num_num feet and it sprung open .
besides it being  green  i find nothing redeaming about this particular paper towel .
i personally would prefer to pop a pill than drink this slop .
bag here on amazon for the same price as the num_extend
it only really worked well for the first two months ,  and then became rather weak .
i have also had some problems with the graphics .
there are lots of thing about this kit that just don t work .
the front headlight is not that strong and the led lights went out after num_num months .
these are cheap bb s ,  and num_extend will last a long time .
the sounds don t seem to match up well with screen actions ,  either .
how much more info in this outdated manual is going to be wrong ?  .
this cable would probably be ok if it didn t need to power something .
the laces are laces ,  so that s not an issue . my num_num year old son has found no enjoyment in this .
i specifically purchased them because the description on amazon says peas ,  salt ,  water .
i called virgin about num_num times about this .
i ve been using this product for over a week .
i don t understand why this deodorant had such good reviews .
for many years ,  i bought netgear devices because they were cheaper than other big brands .
havwe not seen my num_num yr old granddaughter but i m sure she would like this item .
masks arrived in little more than a ziplock type plastic bag .
the instrument input works ok with my taylor guitar ,  but it s not num_num watts loud .
also ,  in the picture ,  they look somewhat yellowish ,  which i liked ,  but they are completely bleached white .
lt s been a couple of months now and it still smells really bad .
they have an aftertaste reminiscent of coffee grinds; and have a very heavy sticky texture to them .
we have had these for a few months now and they don t really seem to do anything .
not at all worth the price paid nor is it worthy to be sold on amazon . com .
i ve tried several different brands from the store .
unfortunately this was way too wide for any num_num hook bras i ve bought at victoria s secret .
if you have a heavy sleeper this will most likely not work .
this gel used to be great but now doesn t seem to work as well ,  after they  improved  it .
it is one of the lowest quality lash adhesives i have ever tried .
i ,  like you ,  were reading reviews on this device and saw mixed responses .
as some of the others have said ,  my puppy only wanted the flavored bone .
will they hold your pants up ?  of course ,  but so will the less expensive ones .
i don t think you can go wrong with this shaver . i ll leave updates later .
when you open the single serving pouch ,  there are dark granuals inside that you just dump into a cup .
i thought this would be awesome because at the time my daughter was too young for wii .
this means that it s either meant for another market or it s counterfeit .
others have said the same in their reviews ,  but i ignored them to my chagrin .
after two weeks it ended up in my junk draw with the phone .
they should fix these things before releaesing the game .
i wanted to like this product ,  but i really did not .
i will never ,  ever buy this product or any other tingling lotion again .
i ordered this based off of other reviews ,  but sadly it did nothing for me .
i do think that an alledgedly  tuff  product should last longer than it did .
have used this product now for several weeks and am still having problems with the applicator tip .
so if you would like to remain sexually active i would look for a different seat .
but the game ?  this is the worst game i have ever played .
it is impossible to cut cold butter and flower with this blender because the wires just clump all together .
im also eating them dry ,  so we dont have to dispose them . im totally shocked at the high ratings here .
key and chain i am not sure why this lock has so many good reviews .
i do not recommend this num_extend box to anyone .
the plastic always seemed too weak and honestly i knew this would happen .
this is quite possibly the worst purchase i ve made on amazon .
they were too tight and uncomfortable to wear .  .  . even exercising on my exercycle .
like another reviewer ,  one of the four stoppers was torn on top .
i understand that these fireman hats are inexpensive ,  but that doesn t mean the quality had to be so terrible .
spend a little more money and get a chrome stand .
these do not click properly ,  and have to be crimped a couple times to get really good connections .
even though the i pad is num_extend gen the accessories just don t work as instructed .
i have owned internal drives for over num_num years with no problems .
i wish ,  however ,  that kraft would revamp this product with a healthier ,  less artificial version for consumers .
the only person who will play this game is brian b because he eats and sleeps soccer .
anyway ,  this thing is a piece of junk in my opinion . i would not recommend this waffle iron to anyone .
i ended up just leaving my pregnant molly in the tank because this was way more stressful than that .
after about a month of using this headset  was great at first  ,  i now hear clicking and static .
after one month from purchase the black pigment was worn off im really disappointed with this purchase .
i bought somewhere else and different brands after this purchase .
i wish i had read these reviews before buying this .
i could have bought a quartz and the battery would have outlasted this thing .
forget about being able to store anything like cans or jars ,  not gonna happen .
i will not purchase another seidio active case for my next phone .
i have used both these aluminum bolts and the plastic bolts with my num_num lb .
the amazon marketplace merchant who fulfilled this order gets num_num stars .
i should have listened .  . great for straining pasta but hard to transfer into bowl .
bought this for the mossberg num_num and was a little disappointed .
there are many other babies who are victimized by this penguin .
reliability seems to be a big issue with this product .
very disappointed . i can t recommend this product ,  but some seem to have no issues .
after about num_num days ,  i returned this to the pet store .
i received a free sample bar from amazon vine ,  and after tasting it i would not buy the product .
while i seem to be in the minority ,  i did not love this product .
i bought this one thinking i would not have to worry about coffee makers for another num_num years .
i hadn t looked at these jeans when they were delivered .
there was absolutely no weight loss ,  and i could not in good conscience recommend this product to anyone .
i purchased num_num of these for extra chargers in the car ,  office and home .
graphics haven t improved even close to what i would have expected them to in this day and age .
that s a method that s tried and true and can t possibly last for less time than this sorry little product .
we bought this toy ,  not from amazon ,  but from another store and it s just horrible .
i used this for a month or so and didn t really see or feel any results .
not provide free return shipping ? with so many companies offering free shipping for just about anything .
just like baby food . when i got the lentil one with the coupon ,  i only got one .
this seemed like a good deal ,  but it doesn t come with a pad .
i saw at the store was so cheaper than last time i paid for seller on amazon here .
even with the hair very damp ,  they keep coming unrolled .
these were definitely cheap sweatpants ,  but i would not recommend them due to the weird fit .
i really thought this would work by the litter box but it did nothing for it .
had they not fallen apart i would have given them num_num stars .
i am very disapointed with this item ,  and wish i could have my money back .
i bought this in the hopes that i would run it behind the wall and leave it there .
also ,  the ball started to break apart in little pieces after only a few hours .
this product does not smooth out any wrinkes and it does not lift your face .
i don t know what to do about fleas but this stuff is too strong .
i have had the exact same problem with this camcorder that others described .
i should have just let the money go and dropped this camera a long time ago .
very thin typical rv paper your finger will go through eventually .
i found the aftertaste of this product very unpalatable .
i ignored the other low review on here and did not avoid this product .
i would not recommend these or purchase them again .
kitchenaid could avoid some customer service overhead by using a better description .
for a portable num_extend player designed to be used with exercise ,  this is ridiculous .
afterwards needed to reboot several times a day as the wired connection to my wan would lock up .
i desperately wanted to believe that this stuff might work .
i could wear it for short periods of time .
therefore ,  it does not fulfill it s purpose in our home and i would not purchase it again .
i have had this switch for many years ,  and recently it has been cutting out .
i needed a replacement to my discontinued sugar scrub ,  so i figured i d give this scrub a try .
that being said ,  i am sure someone will like this ,  i however ,  will keep looking .
unless you just want a cake toy that sings the same song over and over .
i ordered my size and they were too small ,  i had to return them .
this case did not want to stay on my phone at all .
i had used this brand years ago and never had a problem .
they can t prove that claim ,  and it does not look like it worked .
we bought another one ,  thinking that the first one was maybe just defective .
i couldn t disagree more with the other reviewers .
so i m reducing my rating to num_num stars ,  because of the plastic jar and the grit .
i ve tried any number of different ways to put the lid on to get this thing in place .
this was a great camera num_num years ago but $ no way .
first set failed about num_num months after installation ,  so no warranty support .
the battery would get eaten up in under num_num hours .
first ,  the case is way too big for this phone num_extend screen  .
this game would be great if they would leave out the stupid ,  mindless puzzles .
however ,  studies done to date have not found any consistent evidence of harm .
also ,  they go on easy ,  but no one is able to get them off without a major struggle .
really didn t fit any retail water bottles very well .
i don t understand all the positive reviews for this case .
bought a second one num_num weeks after for another room and both are still working with no issues .
i won t risk doing business with them again .
what s the deal with that ?  that isn t even final fantasy at all ,  just like the ff movie .
i ve had difficulty using this product in more than one vehicle .
i also would not recommend putting these filters into the refrigerator at all ,  ever .
i love playtex bras but they made a mistake with this one .
i only have the disc that came with it but its quite boring .
also didn t like the rubbery feel of the screen .
in fact i d prefer if there were no action parts at all if they re done this poorly .
i took before photos but no point in posting them cuz there hasn t been any change .
i paid a premium by ounce for this effect but will end up using on my body instead .
i love red door revealed but this particular product smelled old .
read all reviews hoping this would be for me but it isn t .
there is nothing good to say about this cable .
first off ,  i have to say that most people who played this game complained about the glitches .
the only other good thing about this game was the off button .
i kid you not ,  that these look like cheap plastic shoes purchased from the dollar store .
they don t even really play with it the way it s supposed to be played with .
i guess my expectations are high after using other quality dominican products like those by alter ego .
i bought this item at a local drugstore for $ and used it every day for num_num days .
i have used this a couple of times as a pretreatment along with a bissell readyclean machine .
this case if very cute and protective ,  but it s no where near the quality of the otterbox .
there s really not that much to be said about this case .
there is no way i would ever buy this again .
very little ,  if any ,  freedom to move around .  .  . this game is an exercise in tedious repetition .
i thought because it was from neutrogena that it would be good for my skin but i was wrong .
i just wasn t something we would order again .
but after num_num years everything else is cooked .
told them it was a problem with how they package the item .
stated that this item appropriate for num_num year old ,  not ever .
over the years i have had more than one system brought to its knees by the  maxblast  partitioning software .
this game was definately not worth the hype  if there was any  .
this thing is garbage and broke really fast .
i don t know why they are sold for touch screen if they don t even work !  .
my num_num month old shih tzu puppy tore through this toy in around num_num minutes .
i bought this to use to charge my cell phone ,  plugged it in and left it overnight .
this product was not good for my hair .
i m able to replace the glass in about num_num minutes now ,  so maybe that is a consideration for some .
if you re used to primers ,  this isn t very good .
this is unacceptable for modern devices that can charge up to num_num amps .
this primer is no different from others i have used .
unfortunately ,  what i received this time around is not what was pictured .
i think the wwii experience peaked about num_num years ago ,  with certain of steven speilbergs productions .
this brush seemed no different than other brushes i have used .
