my wife really likes this and has it packed to the gills .
if you have a phone that this works with buy it .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i still haven t found the perfect case ,  but this one of the best so far !  .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
again customizing this phone is one of the greatest features .
they arrived within a week and they work great .
i have had this for several years . this is a high quality unit that totaly meets my expectations .
the cable is longer than other cables which is very handy .
this one is good stay away from the other .
for me ,  it has definitely been worth the money !  .
i still would recommend even though there is a size problem .
they are about equal in quality ,  with this one being slightly less expensive .
this product is what it says it is and works as expected .
the cases are so pretty ,  would order again .
there is nothing flashy about it at all ,  but it does work well .
this really hasn t been a big deal for us ,  though ,  and we ve been happy with it to this point .
since you don t do this everyday it s nice to know the guide is there .
great product have being using it for more than a year ,  .
this product is worth those extra num_num bucks .
i am so happy that i made this purchase .
this num_extend is the best little charger that i have seen .
the carrying case and that these fold flat is a great bonus ,  especially if you travel a lot .
very pleased with this purchase and yes i would recommend this item to friends and family .
very convenient and would recommend anyone buying this .
the kids think that they are great in the morning .
the coffee tastes good no matter how much is made .
like the majority of the other reviewers ,  i love my kitchen aid bender .
this is the first steamer i have ever purchased and i must say that i m very pleased with it .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
this is absolutely the best coffee i have tasted .
i thought a metallic one would be better this one is pretty lovely .
it cooks any meat within num_num minutes ,  perfectly every time .
overall ,  i love these and have purchased them as gifts for others .
i was so happy to be able to find this battery .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
i don t use it that often ,  but it appears to be well made and should last for years .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
i will be buying this again for her .
they have a nice heavy bottom with a fairly smooth underside .
this was pretty easy to set up and definitely helped improve my iphone reception .
i like this much better than the otto box .
it does exactly what it should ,  and feels like a quality product .
i figured that was something i could live with to be honest .
i am looking forward to using this blade next salmon season .
this one will take some time to season ,  but it s a nice ,  thick ,  high quality replacement .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
this case looks great though and has a good feel .
it was definitely worth the few dollars ,  i give this num_num stars .
i am looking forward to using this appliance .
works great for pizza and about anything else you like to bake .
the case also comes with a screen guard .
this is really small and perfect for one person or for use on an rv .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
and the fact that they are stamped with their size is the best .
oxo usually always stands behind their products ,  and pride themselves in making quality products in general .
there is a difference in quality and preformance between the under $ ones and this one .
it worked well when i had that one and this one is working well so far as well .
but life is definitely restored compared to my original num_num year old battery .
not sure if that was by design or accident ,  but they work wonderfully .
the fat ,  water and mussel is a nice extra and usually reads very closely from day to day .
i would definitely recommend this juicer if you want a quality product .
i ordered this for protection of my iphone num_extend and it works great .
using it with a samsung focus windows phone with hard case and it fits well .
we like that you can charge the case and phone at the same time .
it holds the phone snuggly and seems like it would work well to protect your phone .
i would strongly recommend purchasing one if you find a price you like .
i would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan .
i would recommend buying a clear protector to the phone with this product .
i would buy this again and definitely recommend it .
i have always loved plantronics products but this one is really nice .
these are great headphones ,  but they take a little getting use to  my first pair of bluetooth headphones  .
always looking at new products this company comes out with .
this product arrived on time and was incredibly easy to install .
i m pleasantly surprised and have been using it for months without any problems .
this case looks just like the picture and is very pretty .
i bought these to make huge cupcakes along with the jumbo wilton muffin pan and they fit perfectly .
she s been using this for years and still continues using this .
i purchased this otterbox case for my wife s iphone num_num and she loves it .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
this case cover looks great on my iphone num_extend
i recommend the smaller size and separating multiple times if you need more than num_num cups .
i have been looking for the perfect case for the longest time and i finally found it .
i am sure that i will like it .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
the lids work great for what they were designed for ,  so i can t fault them for that .
i have owned this product now for over a month and it is still working .
i would recommend this product if you like making your own rolls .
we found it took about num_num minutes on full power to cook to perfection .
if you have reasonable expectations this booster will exceed them .
best of all ,  i have no problems with sticking .
its nice to know that good customer service still exitsts .
well ,  i haven t been using it very long ,  but thus far it s a gem .
there isn t much to say other than this product works great .
however if you are a light user i would definitely recommend this case .
i love this headset .  .  . and i will tell you num_extend
we have been using this griddle for about a month now and love it .
i really like this spice display and by appearance and feel is very sturdy and well made .
this is important for folks who have a touch of arthritis as my wife does .
i was surprised when i opened the package and saw how big this knife is .
it seemed like a good idea and it was !  my husband and i both love it .
i ve used them for several months as multipurpose knives and they ve maintained their edge .
i bought this for my galaxy num_extend from sprint ?  and it was a perfect fit .
i like this product and would recommend it to a friend .
i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
this is good iphone case for iphone num_num and num_extend
this product does everything that it says it will .
very easy to clean and would reccommend this product .
i knew that these wouldn t fit him so i kept them for myself . overall a good product .
i ve been using these for about num_num months now and they work great .
i love the lacy design and the quality i have come to expect from wilton .
i m still just as happy with them as when i first bought them .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i bought this bread maker from amazon a couple of weeks ago and i am really pleased .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
i ve had two of these for about three months and they are still like new ,  with daily use .
no guarantees this will work for everyone ,  but this worked for me .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
they actually keep longer than their shelf life !  i also use these stoppers for my sodas as well .
i love this product ,  it works as described with no problems .
this is one of the best purchases i have ever made .
bought this exact one because i loved my first one .
the design is beautiful and as to functionality ,  also very well constructed .
the set i use is about num_num years old and good as new .
i ve owned the breville for about num_num months now and love it .
they work well and battery life is good .
i bought this as a birthday present for my sister and it was just delivered .
if yours is getting scratched up feel free to order this !  makes your phone look like new !  .
i bought this set num_num months ago and i m very happy with it .
just like the other reviews say ,  this is a fabulous product . out of the box it makes perfect white rice .
been using it for a little over a month now and it s still holding strong .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
i ve only used it num_num times and it performs very well .
even after months of use this thing is a really good buy .
this is a well built device ,  that will make lots of waffles .
i have used many mobile oses ,  and i would have to say that android is probably my favorite .
however my magic eraser takes care of that without damaging the finish !  .
when i ordered it ,  the price was $ and i think that s an exceptional bargain .
i got this little machine when it first came on the market .
but i have no problem with it as it is very useful .
it also protects very well ,  and i would recommend it to anyone that really cares about their phone .
the inside is soft which i thought it was cool .
worked great for the three months that it functioned .
you just can t go wrong with these things ,  they do the job and they are priced to please .
when i received the product ,  it looked very professional and well put together .
the sound is much better than i thought it was going to be .
i bought this case because it matched my purse and it was perfect .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
considering you pay $ at target for just num_num pieces ,  you are getting a great deal .
i bought this together with the book  artisan gelato  .
we have owned this product for over a year and use it several times a week .
they are slightly different from each other ,  but each has its strong points .
great product though ,  my num_num year old loves these .
i bought this thermometer a couple years ago and use it very often .
so i thought this would help me and him .
you can hear very well on either end of the phone .
i bought this one because i like the blue color .
i believe that you will like this product .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
if you looking for a decent purifier ,  i would recommend this one .
i love them better than the deeper ones i have had before .
really cooks well ,  worth the money ,  buy one .
it goes well with many of the other colors in this line of dinnerware .
i would recommend this for an iphone num_num user .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
this works better for us than a quick ,  num_num minute cycle .
this product came in a timely manner and was justwhat was needed .
i use them while jogging and got plenty of sweat on them .
henckels kitchen sheers are undoubtedly the best kitchen sheers i have ever purchased .
i just knew i would like this and i love it .
this is just what i needed and so easy to install .
we are sure that won t happen with this well designed and stylish sppon rest .
for the cost they were a very good deal and have lasted well to my surprise .
this product is far more sturdy with better design .
bought this for my little brother and it lasted him a month .
each waffle only takes about num_num seconds to cook . easy to clean .
i love this screen protector for my iphone .
i have had such a great experience with amazon and buying pieces to add to my fiestaware dishes .
this item works just fine on my verizon htc thunderbolt .
they really did a nice job with this case .
i bought this for easy backup power on the go .
so much more enjoyable to use than the cheap plastic ones .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
yes ,  this product does all that one could hope .
we have had one of these for the past several years and have been very ,  very happy with it .
i see now why people like them so much .
but i have no problem with it as it is very useful .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
i like it the first time i used it .
love this case and would buy it again .
it does the best job when compared with any other juicer in this price range .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
it is also a great price and i would highly recommend this case .
also something i can live with ,  considering the quality and functionality of this product .
please don t waste your money on any other grinder !  this is the best coffee grinder i have ever owned .
this has to be the cheapest headset i have ever purchased ,  yet the best small headset ever made .
i have other items by nordic ware and have always been pleased with them .
this one is just as rugged and feels secure in your hand ,  without feeling rubbery .
clearly they are putting a lot of work into this ,  and it shows .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
i personally recommend this product because they work great and they are inexpensive .
other than that its a very good case  :   .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
they are very clean looking and can and have been used for a number of things .
this pot is nice and heavy ,  built to last a lifetime .
what a difference ! the newer version is much more substantial than the old one .
i expect this size will be perfect for a family of up to num_num people .
i have the smaller pot ,  which i owned for num_num years and it still looks great .
this is a very clever device with buttons for making iphone photography a bit easier .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
bought them when we were first married and have put up with them for years .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
i just recommend to rinse this well every time you use it .
i use it for my samsung galaxy num_extend mostly and it works perfectly .
i found this very convenient . i love it !  i can t say enough good things about it .
i ve had this cdn digital unit now for about num_num yrs now ,  and it has worked fine .
i love it when i am preparing something that doesn t require my larger food processor .
this fantastic magnet knife holder is the best solution i could have come across .
even after months of use this thing is a really good buy .
this item is well made ,  and the materials are of good quality .
it does take num_num minutes to warm up cold bedding but it s quite cozy .
so this product worked well at a good price point .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
they re attractive ,  have a solid feel to them ,  and are all around well made .
would  and have  recommend this style to anyone .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
i like this area ,  but even with these helps .
plus i like that it s made of wood because it looks neat .
i love this product ,  better than i expected .
this phone just feels so much more natural .
they are going to last a long time !  .
like another reviewer ,  i bought this num_num years ago and it still works great .
its really nice and good as far as doing what i expect which is to filter the water .
this product was completely worth the money spent !  .
it is smaller than thought ,  but it works well nevertheless .
when they arrived ,  i was pleasantly surprised at the quality and ease of assembly .
but voice quality ,  num_extend connection and network are unmatched .
pretty good value ,  and very good quality at this price .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
i think i read somewhere this is best used for android phones .
sound quality is very good and the unit is quite comfortable for those of us with small ears .
this is a great product !  they look and feel high quality .
thank you very much for a terrific product .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
i love how the two pieces slide together to really ,  securely stay on the phone no matter what .
i really like the fact that all the lines are the same size .
this is a quality product i m very happy with .
the lid is much sturdier than any i have seen before .
this was the best case i have ever used .
i love this product ,  because it works as well as the original ,  but it costs much less .
i purchased this for my galaxy num_extend and i honestly loved it .
this thing lives on the top of my stove  cause we like bacon in this house .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i have had several earlier in my life but this one is the best so far .
used this for the first time this morning and it worked well .
this costs more than most toaster ovens ,  but it is well worth the money .
i ve had my first pair for over num_num years and they are still in amazing shape .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
i love the fact that there is num_num lengths with these spoons .
it the perfect size and easy to use which is what i was looking for .
bought this form my htc evo num_extend and it works great .
i just bought this one again as a gift for my num_extend
i bought this over num_num years ago and it has served me very well .
for them this would be an excellent product .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i would recommend this product as it is very stong and does the job you need it to .
they are well made with a lip around the top edge for ease of use .
they usually last for about num_num years so it is a great value .
i have bought at least a dozen over the years .
much better price than from the local hardware store .
this thing is the best appliance ,  most used little kitchen gadget i ve ever bought .
i hosted a crab fest and these things were a great hit .
provides decent protection but if you drop your phone a lot go with the stronger model .
i am happy with the pot ,  but haven t been as impressed with this line of cuisinart cookware .
i am very happy that i received this set as a gift .
all in all ,  i really like this thing and i would buy it again .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
they fit in pretty snug so i don t have to worry about them falling out .
love these !  fairly decent weight metal ,  they won t quickly or easily bend out of shape .
this has been a very sturdy product and we like the contents . easy to clean also .
so if cappuccinos are your thing ,  then the bodum is a strong contender .
we ve had this food dryer for about num_num weeks and are loving every minute of it .
right out of the box i was impressed with the look and feel .
seems fine to me . this is a tall coffee maker .
we ve been using the brita pitcher and filters for six or eight months ,  and they work very well .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
so far ,  no decapitation . that said ,  i really love this little guy .
i thought they were great and even put one in my office kitchen .
this shirt is very light weight and so comfortable .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
i found this on amazon for just under two dollars .
a couple of design choices prevent this from getting a full num_num stars ,  but it s a great product nonetheless .
this is the quality revere cookware that i remember from forty years ago .
but after saying all of that ,  i love this case .
would recommend for any one looking for the rubbery type of phone cover .
so much better than using plastic wrap over them ,  and how healthy could that be .
i ve been using this cover for a few weeks and am very happy with it .
if you are looking for a blue willow teapot to love ,  buy this one ,  you will not be disappointed .
i thought this would make a great gift for someone without that feature and i was right .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
everything works great ,  a little tough to push down the button that leans it back ,  so be careful there .
this is simple and clever and very well priced ,  as long as you are looking for a small machine .
i was pleased to see that they were made in the usa .
the handle grip is a hard plastic ,  but it feels sturdy .
they are dishwasher safe which makes them even better .
granted ,  you pay a bit more for ateco but it is a much better product .
it s a great cleaner ,  and i would recommend this item .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
others have already said tons of good things about this .
i like the way they look in my spice rack and they were delivered very quickly .
a very clever solution if you have a mini digital camera .
i was so pleased with them that i bought a second set .
very nice product and would recommend to anyone !  .
i really like the design of this juicer .
works great !  really wish they didn t make me type so many words .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
i think this product would do the job !  .
this is typical belkin ,  which means high quality and high price .
he loved this item and cannot wait to use it .
i have a iphone num_extend and the charger has worked just fine since i ve received it .
for the price ,  this is an excellent product . this item was purchased from accstop .
they look nice and better than the cheap plastic ones you can buy at wal mart .
if you are looking for a good slicer this is the one you need .
i ve had mine for about num_num years and it has held up pretty well .
i wish i would have gotten one for myself sooner but am happy to have it now .
this device is very well made ,  and does not feel like it will break .
this product also seems to work well to reduce glare .
i ordered this cover for a coworker because he liked mine so much .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
like many products ,  this one is very high quality and easy to use .
their customer service is in the dominican republic  .
i ve had three otterbox cases and i like this one better than any others .
i like the color design and the fact that it really protects the iphone .
i love the color have not been able to use yet because phone was not working .
i have another set that are coarser and prefer them .
but other than that its the perfect case for protection and a little personality !  .
in the morning when i just don t have time to steep a good cup of tea this works .
but other than that ,  this works great and goes through the dishwasher well .
i have purchased num_num of these plates and am very happy with all of them .
ceramic covered versions of these are so much more expensive but this works so well .
i like this mill and will probably order more for different spices .
i also like that it doesn t take up much counter space .
these are made very well but not that well .
this simple little device is exactly what i was looking for .
this product works well and is high quality .
they clean up very easily and do not take up a lot of room .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
about num_num hours later you have a delicious loaf of bread .
the samsung oem battery keeps my phone energized all day now ,  will purchase again .
i have bought num_num of these for different phones and all were spot on for fit and great prices .
great phone case i used this case for about num_num years .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
this is great for loose tea or as i have been experimenting with ,  is cold coffee .
they are very tight and i like them very much .
not sure if that s true ,  but this mitt seems to work well .   .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
i would recommend this for anyone who uses a mixer a lot .
i love everything about this case except for one little thing .
it s the handle though ,  that sets these bowls apart more than anything else .
thejabra extreme bluetooth headsetis so far the best headset that i have used .
this is definitely my pick in this market and there is very little i would change on it .
i would recommend this product to anyone wanting a good knife sharpener .
item came in before they said it would arrive ,  the packaging was good and battery works perfect .
i was happy to find this and the work bowl through amazon .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
these measuring cups are very sturdy and heavy duty .
i like the look and feel of this product .
i feel a new item should look new when it is received .
it is ,  however ,  well designed for cooking and the design well executed .
it s easy to use ,  it recharges easily and quickly and the sound quality is great .
definitely worth the num_num bucks or so i paid for it ,  and then some .
we have one in each car and an extra just in case .
the best thing i like about this set is its size .
this was a very good idea by somebody .
these work with the old style vacu vin and seem to work better than the old stoppers did .
i totally recommend these screen protectors to everyone .
this does a great job filtering the water for my num_extend but it doesn t last very long .
it arrived in a great box ,  on time and as promised .
at the time of writing this review the best price is on this onelasko num_num wall mount fan .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
it s interesting that there is such a divergence of experience with such a simple product .
this machine does the work and does it at the right time .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
what isnt to love about these fun baskets .
easy !  another thing i like about this juicer is how quiet it is .
i ve had my little revere kettle for more than num_num years now ,  and it s still going strong .
:  the blending ability of this unit is really something else .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
i know very little about cooking but this knife makes life so much easier .
for my purpose a drip machine this works great every time !  .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
they turned out to be much much better than expected . the red one is my favorite .
battery life is definitely improved ,  especially in the evo num_extend
this is an excellent little item ,  when you just want one cup of coffee .
i ve used this cover a few times ,  and it does seem to work .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
we ended up putting it in for another num_num seconds and it was about perfect .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
since this thing works so darn good ,  i don t have a problem with it .
but for less than num_num bucks ,  i m happy !  .
not a necessary product to have ,  but it does make life easier .
using the filter is easy enough and a full pitcher can be filtered in about num_num minutes or so .
another good feature is that they stack nicely together .
this have been one of my most fav phone i ever had .
this was one of the best kitchen purchases i ve ever made .
this is by far one of the best cases i ve tried on my iphone num_extend
this information is readily available on the internet .
i had this pressure cooker for about num_num years now and it still works great .
they still look great after all this use and are very easy to clean .
have used anker batteries for num_num phones now ,  and every time been very pleased .
sometimes it fits well and other times a top piece keeps popping off .
very pumped about this i have recommended to three friends .
he read about this one online and it has been a great case .
they are easy to install without bubbles and did a great job of protecting my screen .
the cooker cord is about num_num feet long and the stand is great .
this is a lot better than i expected .
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results .
and also i have the white iphone num_num and it fits perfect .
this is the only product that i buy which is us made since really ,  it is that good .
this screen cover was easy to apply and holds up very well .
i have to say that i am very impressed with this case .
works just as good as the day i bought this .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
it is well worth the price i paid $
a small design change would make this a great product !  .
the first time i used it ,  i felt in love with it .
this is just what i need ,  and what i was looking for .
i liked this screen protector ,  it did what is was supposed to do .
it is made of solid wood so it is very sturdy and looks like a quality piece of furniture .
i bought this item as a gift to my wife on mother s day and she loves it .
for the price this thing is really good .
best of all ,  i have no problems with sticking .
this cute little headset works with the iphone num_extend
coffee stays warm for quite some time ,  easy to clean ,  and has all the features i want .
thank you amazon shoppers for taking the time to put your reviews on amazon .
it is one of the best products we have ever purchased for the kitchen .
the book does what it s intended to do .
i ve only used this twice so far it has worked very well .
i am very happy with this brand over the pricier one .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
but for what this waffle maker does ,  it does very well .
she was very pleased with this product and so am i .
this product is pretty good and i like the fabric on the board .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
i found these covers to be easy to apply and they stay on pretty well .
did exactly what it said it would do .
this machine is easy to handle and easy to use . i have a regular carper cleaner .
so overall ,  the num_num is a great phone and i would recommend it to anybody .
i would buy this product again and will continue to buy oxo products !  .
get a few at this good price ,  especially because it is probably out of production .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
every time i ve used it ,  the bread has come out perfectly .
this is very sturdy and no longer have that problem .
this is a true gem and very hard to find in the local markets in my area .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i ve used this brand of knives for years and been happy with them for kitchen use .
i highly recommend you buy this to protect your investment .
now i m buying it again because it s that great .
this case was significantly more expensive but totally worth it .
i have been using these bags now for several years and they are a huge money saver .
very nice ,  has been working for num_num years .
i have some other wilton tips ,  but these feel better made .
putting the iphone to charge is also very easy and they have given adapters for num_extend and num_extend
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
i like the fact that i don t need a filter .
they look nice even when they re not being used .
i think they should offer it with a glass top for the price .
i will definitely be ordering from this seller again when i need more screen protectors !  .
i just ordered the case in the light blue because i like this product so much .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
have used it many times and it is still sharp .
i was so pleased with this spatula that i ordered a second one as a gift .
this product took care of that problem for me .
this is so much better than the cheap plastic ones .
it s small but the perfect size to take up not too much room on the counter .
i have never made pizzelle cookies before ,  but this was really fun .
i have found it best to wrap it up and store it after each use .
i love not waiting paper filters and i hope this one last num_num years too !  .
so i thought this would help me and him .
this set of num_num boards are very nice for the price .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
i highly recommend this product because it lived up to the hype .
but ,  even when a slight portion of the corner was chipped ,  they still loved it .
i would recommend this seller and product to anyone .
i fully expect this will be the case with this machine .
this product is exactly as described and fast shipping .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
they last for a long time and seem to do their job .
it works great and i don t have to use anything more than water !  .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
if not then go with num_num it s still a good phone and will do the task .
clean up is easy and we have not had any problem with sticking waffles .
so much better than the ones we owned before this one .
i also have the num_num cup version and love it just as much .
: happy dance :  i made real ice cream with this little machine .
these are of good quality for the price .
i also purchased the smaller size ,  and they are just as nice .
now i can make more than one steak at a time .
make sure it will fit your knife block .
buy this product and experience more positive results in you kitchen .
once the stream player works ,  it s pretty good .
this one s designed much better ,  and it s worked well about num_num times ,  looks like a winner .
super easy clean up . i liked this product so much that i purchased one for my sister for christmas .
no contest the best peeler i have ever used in my life it s expensive but who cares it s perfect .
they have a nice weight ,  and are very sharp .
i just know that what is inside that jar is fresh .
we have used it about num_num times now and each time it comes out a nice golden brown .
this is undoubtedly the best blue tooth headset i have ever owned .
the connector easily fits into an iphone with a case . recommended .
i m a big guy and i like kitchen tools that have a decent heft and grip .
despite some negative reviews ,  this seemed to be the best choice for the price .
i purchased it because i love the calphalon cookware pieces i have .
it s ready to use out of the box ,  is well made ,  and gets better the more you use it .
the color looks very nice on a white iphone .
easy to pair with samsung galaxy num_extend sound quality is good .
would buy these again and still have on my phone .
i really appreciate that there are two cables included with the product .
it looks like new !  this pan conducts heat great and is sturdy .
fit well and look sharp !  but thwy dont last very long .
if you like the grind and brew ,  this is the best one for the money .
i purchased two of these at a great price of $ each from amazon for my droid num_extend
this is better than all those rubber cases .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
i just got mine and i m using them right now .
it s as good as the battery that it came with .
i will definitely be purchasing more in the future .
however ,  if you have a lot of material in there ,  what a great way to deal with it .
otherwise ,  this mount is a little pricey ,  but % perfect .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
this is the best case i have purchased so far .
granted ,  you pay a bit more for ateco but it is a much better product .
i will buy stronger tools from now on ,  i am that impressed with them .
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
i m in love with braun products and haven t been disappointed yet .
this product does everything that it says it will .
the other corelle materials i have are still in great shape after num_num years of use .
when i received them i thought they were to light ,  but it makes it easier . the pattern is nice looking .
this is a fantastic device if you are headed for a road trip .
this has made pasta making num_num times better .
i also like the fact that you can pair num_num phones to it .
my daughter is very happy with this product .
i have had this unit for a month now and really like it .
i was able to start using this right out of the box .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
i use this cord to charge my phone in my pc at work and it works great .
i purchased these and have been using them for quite some time with great success .
i also like to say that my first time with a steak .
this is still working several months after i bought it .
i just used this for the first time and it cleaned up great .
these dishes are an excellent value !  they are lightweight and very durable .
i picked this item up at a local store .
the quality and workmanship is great and it will last forever .
they look nice and sturdy and well made .
these screen guards are cheap ,  but they fit well and are easy to install .
there s nothing wrong with them ,  and they are a good size with comfortable handles .
my temp controls work well enough to use it as a slow cooker as well .
i like that they fold up ,  and come with a nice little case for you to keep them in .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
it is awesome not to have to boil water and wait what seems like forever .
this is very simple ,  but i like it that way .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
my family loved them especially the high school kids that i gave a styles to .
with such a great case they could have come up with a better belt clip .
i got this because i thought that it would be a fun item to have around .
i m sure they will love it as much as i do .
i do recommend giving this item a try .
if you can put up with those issues ,  then this phone will work well for you . some other notes .
like everyone says the tools suck . everything else in the kit is of excellent quality .
the only bt headset i ve found that works with a motorcycle helmet .
after never allowing myself to purchase a decent processor ,  i m completely in love with this one .
it is well made and does not show signs of wear .
they fit my samsung num_extend perfectly !  these are very comfortable .
i know it will be an appreciated gift . i highly recommend this product .
the pan is very resilient and bounces back to its original shape .
this is a very good slicer and if you like cheese slices straight i do !   then get this .
not only does it look cool but it performs good also .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
these work great ,  even cutting things like foil or paper .
this usb cable is one of the best purchases i have made from amazon .
keep up the good work with this item !  !  .
mine looks brand new after years of service .
i have been using my set of num_num years ,  and it still looks great .
i love the plastic cleaning tool that comes with it .
this phone case was so pretty when it arrived .
we have both an iphone num_num and num_extend in our home and this case fit both perfectly .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this product .
i would definitely recommend this jar as a result .
this little device works fine for what it does .
i have had a good many fondue pots over the years and think this is really pretty good .
even without mods ,  this looks like the best one .
i will be using this for many years .
i hope they are as good as this cable .
so easy to keep clean and it does not mar the stainless steel sink .
i first purchased one of these units in num_num and i m still a fan of them .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
i have been using this processor almost daily for about num_num month and i am very pleased .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
will purchase another when this one fail .  . by the way cummunity coffee works great .
i received this as a christmas gift from my wife and our son .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
this is a great bumper and very cheap .
it was worth paying for both to give him what he really wanted .
over all ,  the machine works fine and it is definitely worth the price .
the infuser doesn t work all that well but this thing will keep your tea hot all day .
i love this case ,  my family has num_num iphones and i have this case on all of them .
i have made countless different recipes in it ,  and this machine makes creamy ice cream in mere minutes .
i think these little cutters will come in pretty handy .
in the meantime i am really happy with them .
there isn t much to say other than this product works great .
i was really surprised at how much better my rice cooks in this tall pan .
we ve had this set for over a year and they still look great .
i have num_num of them and each one is working perfectly .
much better and sturdier than the other after market ones i have purchased in the past .
i opted to purchase this pan because of its quality ,  size ,  and proportion .
i bought this for my husband and i love it .
i like th size of this item and its flush design .
i like this one a lot better because of the size of it .
so from a users perspective fm beaming improves the sound quality for the caller .
ended up giving to a friend who had the right sized blendtec .
it really is a very sturdy and classy looking case .
i like this screen savers and will definitely purchase this product again even for someone else .
found this coffee maker to provide better coffee ,  and hot coffee !  yay !  .
however ,  with this great mounting bracket and the little device .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
if you want security then this product is definitely worth purchasing .
they work fine in my bissell . it s good that they re cheap because i seem to break a lot of them .
i am glad i got these as they really help a lot with holding the skillets better .
the fresh brew is smoother and has a better taste . this product was made in china .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
they re made of metal though !  that surprised me  :  .
great price on amazon  . better style than the num_extend i had  . came in like you get at the store .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
so i thought we d try something new and i think this is a pretty good pan .
the cases are so pretty ,  would order again .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i ve had this for about num_num months now ,  and it works great .
it does have a significant amount of play .
grinding the beans each time provides better taste than just using grounds .
otherwise i ve been very please with this product .
this company seems to be trying their best to provide excellent customer support .
i got this one ,  and have to say that i am very happy with it .
i ve used it several times and for the price i m very pleased .
the title says it all ,  these are crystal clear .
she s been using this for years and still continues using this .
so far i have very good experience with bionaire products .
and i am avery very picky person and i do like top of the line products .
this is one of the reason we like this unit so much .
made for the iphone num_num  not num_extend but it works on my num_extend just fine .
i ve used this headset for some time now and i m very impressed with it .
they re a bit heavy ,  but this is one thing i like about them .
very comfortable head phone and sound quality is okay .
very happy with this product ,  its ust what we wanted and ordered .
case works well ,  solid ,  hasn t cracked or chipped ,  the case is still in tact after num_num months use .
i like it so much i just bought another for a num_extend timer to time two things .
worth the num_num bucks or so ,  and likely a good gift as well .
even after num_num hours the coffee is still warm enough to drink .
they are so simple and pretty and go with just about anything .
i really like the feel of this case .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
best case i have ever owned for my phone .
so much better than anything else i have ever used .
i bought this as a goldbox value and i have not been disappointed .
i just got a new galaxy num_extend and i ordered this case for that phone as well .
they are not all created equal and this one is the best press i have ever used .
i ve always had good luck with good grips oxo brand .
but this one didn t come with them ,  other than that i love it .
i looks good ,  feels good in my hand ,  and doesn t cost much .
i like it because i dont really use the phone very much  :   .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
i just received this product today ,  i love it .
the first time i used it ,  i felt in love with it .
this case was significantly more expensive but totally worth it .
this is the best grater i have ever used ,  and i have been through quite a few .
i would buy it again and would recommend anyone to buy one too .
i would buy this product again and recommend it to others .
however ,  the fact that it s so small and portable does make it a decent choice for phones .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
this one works much better and the vacuum lasts longer .
bought this one for my son ,  the bbq king ,  when he raved about mine !  .
i am so pleased with my purchase ,  that i m getting a second one to keep upstairs .
i got two for one !  !  !  when i open the package i realized i must cut to size .
this is only a num_num amp charger ,  and does work very well .
i have now had the unit for a couple of months and it is working great !  .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a sturdy iphone num_num or num_extend case !  .
will definitely recommend to family and friends and purchase again .
this is very good for the price and it works great .
although this product is more expensive than others it is worth every penny .
i m sure it would work just as well on a gas range .
this product is a must have for baking .
first one is still good and has lasted num_num years .
once they use it they are just as impressed as i am .
it also is very comfortable in my ear .
in any event i ve very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this product .
i m glad i ordered this because i love it !  .
it works really well and would make a great holiday gift .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i would recommend both this product and the seller .
i have used it three times and each time like it more .
this is the only product that i buy which is us made since really ,  it is that good .
but it is worth the money just to play with .
i read all the other reviews and pretty much agree .
these are very well made and do not have a strong odor .
i am very satisfied with this product and am very pleased that i decided to experiment and try it .
the case broke a couple of days but still provides adequate protection .
i had a small issue that was my own fault and this company was outstanding with customer service .
i ve used this almost daily for num_num months now and it works great .
this is pretty much a straight forward item .
will recommend buying this if you want to have a phone without a case .
i have purchased num_num of these knives so far and love everyone of them .
this product has served me well in the past .
i love it !  i wish amazon would bring in more of the magic line into the website .
i have an num_extend in a gel skin case and this case fit my phone perfectly .
i choose this rating because i ve only used it once myself but my husband loves it .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
this one is much more solid and i think it looks better .
love my num_extend stainless steel presto pressure cooker .
it looks like real leather ,  smells like real leather ,  and feels like real leather .
if you need a headset ,  look no further ,  you have found it .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
i will definitely be ordering from this seller again when i need more screen protectors !  .
i ve tried many as a manager of over num_num company cell phones and i like this one the best .
i got this thing from amazon for free as a free gift with purchase .
i personally love the case and get one for every phone i buy .
i would recommend it to anyone who needs the protection or worried about damaging their thunderbolt .
this completely covers the volume buttons on the side .
however ,  they do work well for the great price .
so far this paper towel holder has worked great .
i ve had motorola ,  plantronics and a few other bluetooth headsets ,  and this is the best i ve had under $
but with this heart mold i can have perfect eggs and a heart at the same time .
just like everyone else ,  i find the workmanship excellent and item useful in a regular kitchen .
their customer service is in the dominican republic  .
i have become a big fan of this company ,  and have purchased their products from several different sites .
i recently purchased more and they are the same quality .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i have used this roaster several times and it works time after time .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
i bought these because they are compatible to my bunn coffee maker .
this is very sturdy and no longer have that problem .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
i shoulda bought this years ago !  the num_extend size is perfect !  the lid seals well .
i am totally in love with this cooker .
i bought this more than one year ago and i worked fine it lasted more than one year .
the other corelle materials i have are still in great shape after num_num years of use .
i was pleased to see that they were made in the usa .
also ,  the great thing about this phone is the battery life .
i was so happy when my num_num year old grandson loved his new bed .
however ,  when used as directed ,  it delivers the goods flawlessly .
i ordered this to lighten the look of my num_extend and it does the trick .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
also ,  the great thing about this phone is the battery life .
i got this filter because it was recommended by consumer reports .
this is easy to use and powerful enough to do anything with .
got this and am definitely happy with it .
with such a great case they could have come up with a better belt clip .
this thing is so sharp that just grazing your finger with it can cut you .
i was impressed with this little red guy .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i like the size and design of this cuisinart num_num cup coffee maker .
i have had more fun with this machine .
i would recommend this because it worked as it said .
i found that this went together pretty easily .
this is a very versatile product and you won t be disappointed .
i m very happy with the purchase of this item .
if you can get this headset for $ or less ,  i highly recommend it .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
i would rather have smaller holes or none at all ,  but so far ,  so good .
however it does work well on area rugs and low pile carpets .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
these feel more fragile than all of my other fiesta ,  but seem to hold up just as well .
treat your iron well ,  and it will love you right back like you ve never been loved before .
i have never had a salad spinner before so this is thrilling .
i ve found this to be a very versatile appliance .
it s sharp ,  has a good feel ,  and will last a very long time .
i love the design ,  and that gets it num_num stars .
absolutely no doubt they are the best i have ever owned .
shipping was wonderful and this screen protector was most definitely durable and i hope it continues to hold up .
it only takes a few minutes and is so worth the time .
like other reviewers ,  i am impressed with this bumper for the price .
i love having the coffee drip directly into your cup .
we haven t tried this yet . this really is a lot of fun !  .
i m satisfied with this product and would recommend it .
timer is easy to use and works . takes about num_num minutes for num_num cups of coffee .
if you want an office centerpiece or conversation piece ,  you ve found it in this product .
i received the screen protectors in a timely manner and they were what i wanted .
i suspect that this product will be reliable indefinitely .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
much better than the other indoor grill i own .
i even take one with me when i travel .
offers great protection for any pie crust ,  and item holds up well over time .
another plus is the retractable cord when your done with it retract the cord and storage is simple .
gave one to my sister and one to a friend because it just works so well .
i love these mesh organizers because they are built to last .
i would definitely buy this again ,  and am considering buying one for each type of oil i use .
i have used these about a dozen times and they work fairly well .
i got actually num_num of these and they have been working great .
bought this and it works just like the original .
now with this camoed cover i will have something to pass the time .
i am impressed with this product and with the quality .
however ,  i am very happy with this product .
that s about right for any coffee maker in this price range .
one thing that i really like about this mount is the release button .
i have an iphone num_extend they fit great and give me no trouble at all .
i can tell you that after using it for this length of time that it is an excellent phone .
this is the only case i found for the torch that stays on and is robust .
this was the best case i have ever used .
it is much lighter and fits much better than the num_extend
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
the best thing about this is that the coffee filter thing lifts easily out with zero hassle .
this item saves you a ton of time when icing cakes or cupcakes .
overall i am very happy with the purchase !  .
this product is great .  .  . and i now have num_num of them .
without a doubt this is the one of the best insulated containers i have ever owned .
i ve had this set for about six months and all pieces still look brand new !  .
bought this dock after i heard it was compatible with the nexus num_num and works great .
the best cast iron skillet out there in my opinion .
it s a simple thing ,  really ,  but this item really does the trick .
these are very much convienent and easy to use .
i like the color  and toying with changing the face plates  and the functionality with great battery life .
i guess i m weird ,  but i love the idea that it comes from italy for some reason .
so i bought this salter and i ve found that i really like this little scale .
the space for the iron is perfect for my larger than normal iron .
they re not very expensive ,  so it s worth trying them out .
i also like how easy it works with all of my devices .
it was an excellent buy !  i would recommend this to anyone wanting a  good look  for their phone .
there is a reason you see so many people with this case .
all in all ,  i am happy with this item .
blades are sharp ,  they feel good in my hand and also feel decently constructed .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
the controls are easy to use ,  too ,  once you get used to them . i totally recommend this product !  .
i m sure that this would work great in the oven too !  .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
this thing is over two years old and it is still just like the day i bought it .
you will not be disappointed with this tea maker .
all in all ,  they were exactly what i was looking for in price and quality .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
after doing some research ,  fagor looked like a good buy ,  and amazon s price was good .
will be buying from this seller again ! thanks ,  susan .
so such an inexpensive unit ,  really worth the money .
i am very happy with this product and will order these for all my phones in the future .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
recommend to any beginning cook who doesn t want to spend too much .
spread out over the year it is more than worth it .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
it works like new and i have had zero problems with it for this first year .
microplane is so much better than other brands i have used .
i bought this flatware almost num_num years ago ,  and i still love it .
and it works well ,  color wise ,  with many other blues in our kitchen .
this is the most fantastic kitchen gadget ever .
the mediadevil screen protectors are a very high quality product and fit perfectly on my new iphone num_extend
i love to cook ,  and own several different brands of cookware ,  all clad ,  cuisinart ,  and calaphone .
this is the first standing mixer i ever bought and i love it .
the fact that they have there own lids is great also .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
i would recommend this to people who want something that works great and cost less .
i also have the kotobuki fruit knife with the wood cover shield which i also love .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
i think this is well worth the money .
i was pleased to find i could order a replacement so easily .
i really like this and would recommend it !  .
i bought this case for my iphone num_extend and this case looks really good on the wight iphone num_extend
this product fits very well and works well with the finger print scanner !  many other products do not .
this phone case has held up with time .
this is probably one of the best values we have ever bought .
i ve had this product for several year now and it still works very well .
so happy that this is carried through amazon .
they are comfortable and volume control is better .  .  .  .  . just a little glitchy .
this little stand does the job and it cost under num_num bucks !  .
these things are perfect and was better than what i was looking for .
there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them .
i ve used this wok for the past num_num months or so ,  and like it a lot .
i am pleased and would recommend this to anyone .
very pleased with the quality and ease of use .
this crock pot looks good and works well .
the lifetime guarantee is a plus ,  because this is the set you will have for life .
it is one of the most reliable pieces of cookware we ve ever bought .
an added bonus is that the call quality is much clearer on the num_extend
this does the job and it can hold quite a bit of product as i strain .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i have had no trouble with the usb ports ,  they work great .
this charger is low priced but it worked without a problem and is still working at this point .
i didn t expect much for the price ,  but this vacuum cleaner is excellent .
they will work for what i need them for .
i would recommend this to a friend . great buy .
this battery and case are the perfect fit to anyone looking to get more power for their phone .
i love the little brush that comes with it .
overall ,  a great value !  would recommend to anyone .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
this is just like the one that came with the mixer and it s great .
i bought this several years ago for my daughter as a birthday gift .
we have been using thermal coffee brewers for many years ,  and i find this model an excellent design .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
when it arrived i thought it would be too big but it fit perfectly .
really like these large cups when i want to relax with a big cup of tea .
i have been very happy with this headset .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
this phone is very fast ,  has a decent camera and can meet all my needs .
so much better than what we thought we had ordered .
great cord and is compatible with my iphone num_extend
frankly ,  i don t remember what people s issues were with this ,  but i ve found it fantastic .
i purchased a number of kitchen products at the same time ,  and this one is my favorite .
i ve been using this product for a month now and its met all my expectations .
this is the first time i have used a chinois set ,  but i was very happy with my experience .
this worked just as the one that came with the phone .
i bought this because of all the good reviews after having read all the cautious reviews .
this phone case looks a lot better in person .
overall a solid product that will keep you mobile .
they don t quite match as the are larger ,  but i really like them .
it s also very solid and constructed with an ergonomic handle .
i love oxo products for they have never failed me and are so easy to clean .
as other reviewers have noted ,  this is good calphalon equipment .
seems like a good thing to have for the price .
i was recommend this product cause its great .
once connected ,  which took about num_num minutes ,  it has stayed connected and sounds good .
i ve used this oven once to try it out and it worked very well .
and it even comes in different colors ! thermos makes a pretty reliable product and this one is one .
i would recommend these ,  and you ve got all your major pans .
i would recommend buying an additional screen cover on top of this .
this should be called the  best friend charger  because that is exactly what it is .
very pleased with the cups and will probably be ordering more soon .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
i have about six different colors because i like to change things up and it s awesome .
you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i would order from them again with confidence in their promise .
i have been using it for num_num weeks now and liking it more day by day .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
it s a very high quality product that won t disappoint you .
i got actually num_num of these and they have been working great .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
i also like that they don t stain when i store tomato sauce in them .
i gave this num_num stars because as with almost all fiesta ,  this piece is perfect .
seems like i always have to say  hi  twice ,  after that it works just fine .
you will not be disappointed with their customer service !  !  .
very few timers have this and it makes it much more useful than the others .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
once you re done this though ,  the charger seems to work very well .
i bought this for my my wife s iphone num_num and fits ok and very sturdy .
i just love these things !  i have had this set for about num_num years and not one has broken .
not only this is better than any other grater i have ever owned .
last a really long time and cleans up nicely .
i have nothing but great things to say about this purchase .
my iphone connected right away on first contact and does so reliably after about four months of use .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
i love this headset for calls and if you aren t moving around too much .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
this was very easy to set up and work with siri .
this case is a great way to hide your phone from your boss .
purchased this product and i am very pleased with it .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
i have been so pleased with this purchase .
this oven does a good job with all of these items .
i forgot about that but i really love the fact that i can store my own goods again .
i have purchased num_num of these plates and am very happy with all of them .
this is really cheap and good quality screen protectors .
and as others have said ,  it is a beautiful bucket .
we have been using this for over a year and are thrilled .
it handles well and opens a can with very little effort .
this is one sharp knife ,  right out of the package .
i am very happy with this set of num_num bowls .
as the other reviewers have commented ,  this table cloth is simply beautiful .
they clean up easy and when they latch ,  they seem pretty airtight .
i would recommend this product in a heartbeat .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
i just wish i would have got this sooner !  an excellent product .
it easily connects to my phone every time i turn it on .
other than that ,  this has far exceeded my expectations !  .
i would recommend this product for anyone looking for basic protection .
i m looking forward to enjoying it for a long time .
i love simplehuman products and this is just perfect for kitchen ,  laundry ,  or garage !  .
after num_num months of use i m happy this headset with one caveat .
i recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook .
tried alot of other bluetooth with my iphone num_extend and this is so far the best .
very comfortable in the hands but it gets tiring after a while .
i own this product for about a year now .
i have an iphone num_num and this bumper works great .
i recommend the otterbox impact case over this one .
the booklet that comes with it is very helpful .
this makes num_extend loafs which are the smallest i d want to make . the controls are clear and intuitively placed .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
currently using it with a lg num_num and it works great .
this is a very good case for the money .
there is just so much this phone has to offer .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
definitely am one of the people that love this product .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
i think it will do fine with potatoes or zucchini .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
i will continue to purchase for this vendor .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
this is a great little ear bud that works just as advertised .
callers tell me that they can hear me very well .
he says they are pretty good quality and would order them again .
this is a great bread knife that slices with ease .
i ordered this one from amazon and it fits well .
these are much better than the little tiny ones i used to have .
i am very happy with this set of num_num bowls .
this worked very well ,  to the point that i ll never be without one again .
this product is easy and seems to work well .
however ,  i think this will be a great purchase .
like my other oxo products ,  i love it .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
i ordered this not actually expecting much for the price but i have to say it works great .
i was surprised because they seem like really good quality .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
the bottom line is that it works well .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
so how do i like these ? for what they are ,  they work pretty well .
i bought this case num_num months ago ,  and still in good condition .
this product is a very good screen protector and it fits properly .
this is my first new trent product that i owned and i must say this it is pretty impressive .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
battery life is also good at about num_num hrs of talk time .
i really love it !  this product is not poor quality like one reviewer said .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
it was easy to use and the first time i used it my chicken came out tasty and moist .
i have tried several different film coverings for the iphone num_extend and this is by far the best .
pretty good spatula ,  this is one of the few oxo products i would recommend .
it has a very strong motor and sounds like a vacumm cleaner .
this juicer creates some great juice !  very efficient ,  leaves very little pulp behind .
seems well built and i am looking forward to using it .
really liked this case when i use to have my old num_extend
i received it quickly ,  and it was easy to install .
this phone case came today ,  and it was a perfect fit for my iphone num_extend
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
there is one with a temp probe that i think would work best .
these pans have a nice weight to them .
otherwise ,  these are great and make the phone look cool .
i have been using this whisk for over num_num years and love it .
it is transparent and the color is a little darker than is shown in the picture .
this thing is solid !  !  great pan which am sure will last me for many years .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
i have purchased five of them and they make a good loaf .
they did a good job ,  but i wanted to make loaves that would work better for sandwiches .
i would rather have smaller holes or none at all ,  but so far ,  so good .
however ,  they match my set i have and do the job just fine .
this is a product where it is absolutely essential that you read and follow the instructions completely .
i like these bags a lot because they are convenient ,  and they are reusable and tough .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
after shopping around a lot ,  this was the best deal i found .
i have learned so many new dishes because of this thing .
this is a well made quality product that makes very good coffee .
this waffle iron has been working wonderfully for months .
it was worth the money i paid for it ,  and hope to have years of service from it .
this phone is still going num_num years on and i would highly recommend .
both my partner and i purchased this product for our new htc evo s and are very very satisfied .
i really like them ,  i have six in two different sizes .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
i ve been using this device for about num_num months and i absolutely love it .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
but after she used it the first time it is a big hit and that s all she uses now .
you won t be disappointed with this krups quality !  .
i ve used this pot for about num_num months ,  and it is excellent .
so i bought this and i love it after only about a week with it .
that being said ,  i have found it to be a great time saver for me .
she has used this product multiple times and loves the divider .
this thing works just as i hoped it would .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
have used them for my cupcakes and they work well .
it looks very sturdy and was a good buy .
the look of this product is fantastic ,  with the uneven cut of stone on the outside .
that s an amazing help !  just good old fashioned american product that i ve used now for num_num years .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
this is the best coffee pot for your money .
so happy with my first cast iron skillet purchase !   :  it s beautiful ,  heavy bottomed ,  and perfect .
it is just the right size for a small bag of chips ,  fruit ,  sauce ,  or something like large candies .
she loves it ,  and i must say the downstairs is getting vacuumed more often than i ever expected .
this is the perfect size case for the iphone num_extend
very clear pictures and nice graphics . i give it a num_num out of num_extend
they are a perfect fit to my phone and have only used num_num for about a month now .
but two of these a year ago ,  and am still very satisfied with my purchase .
not much to get exited about a screen protector ,  but these fit right and were fairly easy to install .
my cuisinart processor is more than twenty years old now ,  and it still works .
this stove top expresso pot delivers a cup that is hot ,  strong and full of flavor .
considering this machine comes close to the starbucks quality ,  it is a num_extend is very easy to clean .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
but i m very happy with this purchase ,  i plan on buying another color soon too !   :   .
the wall charger does take a long time ,  but i believe it s a much more effective charge .
if you have the hd or lower ,  i d definitely recommend this cover !  .
i ve had the most expensive vacs out there but i love this one .
some stencils seem to work better than others .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
i got this hot plate because i needed one electric burner for this purpose . this is great for my needs .
i like this cookie press much better than the metal one .
it looks just like the day that we got it .
i have drop my phone several times ,  so far the case has protected it very well .
i have used these some but have found that the longer stylus pen works better for me .
i ve only used this one twice but i seasoned the plates and they clean up so easily .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
my wife and i have already used this product a couple of times ,  and it s worked great so far .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
it is well made ,  does what it s supposed to and looks good too .
i just wish the cord was a little longer but in all a great product .
the first thing that impressed me about the units was the quality of the portafilters .
having num_num cats and a toddler ,  this machine holds up to all of them .
i highly recommend this product from novice to pro .
i will be buying this again for her .
i love this pan because it doesn t stick and that it isn t heavy to lift .
these are the best measuring cups i have ever owned .
i have owned this bread maker for num_num years and really love it .
however ,  for my use ,  and for the price ,  this thing works great .
this is the best mixer i ve ever used .
even if you have never used a ka processor before  ,  it is very simple to use and clean .
for the price ,  this nutmeg grater works well .
very happy with this product ,  its ust what we wanted and ordered .
they seem a little cheap but i still recommend this product just remember to gentle with the turning knobs .
this case was sleek and looked nice as well .
this is much better than i thought it d be .
the carafe keeps the coffee hot for about num_num hours after brewing which works out perfect for me .
have used this product several times in the past and have been pleased every time .
the spatula that comes with it is a good quality one .
i have been looking for this type of product for a while and was happy to find one !  .
she called me after breakfast and said nothing stuck and she just loves this pan .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived .
i gave this as a gift and it s gotten favorable reviews .
this is perfect as a heavy evo user needs at least num_num batteries .
i m happy with this purchase and will recommend this cover to others .
they are very sturdy and i m sure they will last a long time .
reading these reviews are inspiring me to use it for more . so happy i got this .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
as mentioned by other reviewers ,  it is easy to operate ,  take apart ,  clean ,  and put back together .
very sturdy and looks like it will last forever .
i have to say it was even more impressive than the description .
will come in handy the next time i am without power .
they have become an essential part of my workout and i use them several times a week .
what a great thing !  i love the product ,  and am very happy with amazon .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
i like the fact that it comes with num_num different sizes .
it does have a few issues ,  but i can put up with them for how well it works .
it was great overall and much better than microwave popcorn .
i also like how light and easy to clean this one is .
i have to say that this one is a great value .
i have a kitchenaid and i must say ,  they are as good as their high reputation .
i have used other oxo tools and love them ,  so i tried again with this scoop .
i love this case and would happily buy at num_num times the price .
other than that i really like this product .
i ve had this case for a couple of months and it s wearing well .
i love this case for the iphone num_extend
by far ,  i like this phone the best .
this is the most comfortable ice cream scoop i have ever used .
the mirror finish is great other than that .
i ve had this case for num_num months or so ,  and it still looks great .
when they are available from amazon with free shipping i always stock up .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
i highly recommend it !  i would give it six stars if i could !  !  .
this little steamer is one of the best things i ve ever purchased !  it s a perfect size for one person .
i gave num_num stars because it is metal and cuts easy and easy to use as well .
i m very impressed with the quality of this cover .
i have several colors but this one is probably my favorite .
this is a great dock for iphone num_extend
she said this will help so much with her weak arms .
brought this machine to work with about num_num premade blocks of ice and had a blast !  .
i am satisfied also with the quality of this product and would recommend it .
it was in tact and perfect .  .  . i m definitely ordering from them again .
there s a fine line that you will learn !  i recommend this product .
i actually like the color that i have better than the color shown .
there s a lot of positive reviews here ,  which is why i bought this one .
i have used this corer many times and it makes apple coring a much easier job .
they should make one of these in a nice wood .
i love the look and does the job like it should .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
this is the best smartphone i have ever used in my mobile life .
nothing is perfect and i use this grill frequently .
it cleans easily with water and good scrub .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
this pillow has been more help than anything else i ve tried .
the retraction part doesn t work as well as i think it could ,  but it gets the job done .
it is a little larger than i thought ,  but that s actually a good thing .
sometimes it s great to have tools you just don t have to worry about .
i ve been using it for a long time and does the job well every time .
this pan will last forever ,  and i love it .
i am very comfortable with my phone in this case .
i am very happy with this quality and construction of this product .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a new kettle .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
this seemed like the best option and it seems to do the job .
that coupled with the great price and ease of use ,  i have to give this hoover steamvac num_num stars .
this screen protector was easy to install and is very clear .
these are the best liners i have ever used .
i have tried several different stylus s and this is by far my favorite .
if you need something of high quality that will protect your phone ,  this casemate will certainly do the job .
this is meant to protect the phone ,  and it did it s job very well .
this is easily the best coffee maker i ve ever owned .
i got this from amazon for $ and free super saver shipping .
perfect fit for my iphone num_num and this case is extremely sturdy .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i have been using global knives for about num_num years and love them all .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
this is a very good case for the extended num_extend in my case  battery for the evo num_extend
they worked great and lasted a long time with what they were put through .
the nonstick feature on this set makes them perfect for any recipe .
they carry in bag well and never tangle with all other cables needed today !  .
it works for a good distance away from the phone or computer .
but its most important feature is the  stayhear  design .
as the others have said ,  this product is attractive ,  heavy duty ,  and an excellent buy .
they have great customer service and always deliver quality products .
they do just exactly what they are supposed to do .
i actually got the bigger set which was a fantastic bargain at $ with free shipping and no tax .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
it s nice looking and stays that way even after multiple washings in the dishwasher .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  they are certainly lightweight ,  but they do what they should .
i love the iced tea and iced coffee that i can make with this machine .
this is a great little product and does exactly what it is supposed to do .
i bought a set of these based on the reviews and i am quite pleased with my purchase .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
yes ,  this product does all that one could hope .
i got this because i thought that it would be a fun item to have around .
i have owned this product now for over a month and it is still working .
i give these num_num stars because they are sturdy ,  well made and the lids fit well .
i would recommend this to anyone cooking for themselves .
the best thing that happened to me in a long time .
i ve only used this twice so far it has worked very well .
overall this is a great gadget that is much more than a novelty .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i would definitely recommend this if you cook often .
however i find the handle of num_num more comfortable .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
there is nothing like a homemade angel food cake !  this is the perfect pan .
i also loved the fact that i could pipe music through my stereo from my phone .
this will sure help to keep it clean .
this allows me to change with different colors .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
if you have mostly hard flooring ,  then this is a good pick .
with this change ,  these chopsticks would be a perfect num_num stars but are nearly perfect as they are !  .
i have used this and it works well .
anyone looking at this product should go ahead and buy it .
have only used it once and it worked great .
seems like it would last a while and is sturdy .
i have found them very useful for prep work as well as storage .
i gave num_num stars because it is metal and cuts easy and easy to use as well .
the leather seems to be very rugged and looks nice .
other than that ,  this thing is indispensable to my life .
it just does what it is supposed to do .
i have had this crepe maker for num_num years now and couldn t be more thrilled with the results .
i d recommend it and i m sure they have it in other colors than just blue .
despite the  quirks  ,  i would still recommend this product .
that lady was right ,  it does have a good heft .
i love this product because it is well made and works very well .
these are so nice compared to the grocery store brands .
well ,  i have to say we like this griddle .
i ve had mine for about a year now and ,  yes ,  food really does stay fresher for much longer .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
i bought num_num pack of num_num and they are just as good as any $ pack .
the only problem is that it is not hot pink ,  it s more purple than pink but it s still cute .
i love it and would buy another should this one quit working .
this seems to be a great deal quicker than the traditional method ,  too .
they are very easy to install and i have had mine on for about a month with no problems .
i like this case because it fits well .
this is a very very good phone holder .
the item arrived late ,  but i am pleased with this iphone num_num case for less than $
have had it for a few months now and have been very pleased .
although the blades are very sharp ,  the design is great .
they are an improvement over the standard glass or metal bowls that i use to have .
in other words it s very pretty and classy !  .
i purchased this item ,  and just love it .
these work perfectly and they really keep the outside sounds out .
it heats up quickly and definitely puts out enough heat .
although expensive ,  these are well worth the extra money for the sound quality and comfort alone .
this is a pot you have to treat so be sure you do that .  .  .  . enjoy .
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results .
the first time i used the oxo ricer ,  the potatoes came out creamy and delicious .
this is the best grater i have ever used .
even though these are cheap ,  they have great sound when you get a good seal in your ear .
this was a real plus as i did several calls using these headphones and they worked great .
as others have stated ,  this little gem works .
it fits well onto my phone although it took num_num days to arrive .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
i ve used meat pounders before with a long horizontal handle and much prefer this design .
some people will find that very useful for  good grips  !  .
i have one of these slicers from a different vendor and have found it to be very good .
other than that ,  for me ,  it s just right .
they really did a nice job with this case .
i can t believe i love a knife with a plastic handle ,  but i do .
thought they might be a little bigger ,  but work just fine .
just started grinding my own beans a month or so ago and fastly fell love with my fresh brew .
they re made of quality materials that will last a long time .
i would buy this again ,  good value for the money .
in my opinion they are a good value .
this one works just like the original did back when it was new .
i ve used the pressure cooker about num_num times so far and am delighted .
i am really impressed with how well this product worked .
this is better than other egg poachers i have tried .
other than that it is a great machine that should last for years .
this fan works well ,  is reasonably quiet and seems to be very reliable after six months of constant use .
they re good quality ,  too; they re not like cheap mugs that superheat in the microwave .
i received this product very quickly and love it .
from the start you can tell that this scoop is very solid .
good product ,  well made and arrived on time .
it is nicer to look at than the picture indicates .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
finally !  the price was right !   for my wallet  and i  finally  bought this phone num_num months ago .
i would recommend these rack to my friends .
another farberware high quality product that you can count on !  .
i have not experienced this issue and pictures turn out just great .
they protect you and your knives when you store them .
it worked out nice ,  since i only wanted num_extend
i bought this because i have a friend who makes the best coffee i ve ever had .
i am very happy that i received this set as a gift .
i ve only used this twice so far it has worked very well .
i am still using it to this day even though i have a different phone now .
it just does what it is supposed to do .
this is the most solid cast iron i ve seen .
good value for the money and i would buy again .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
all in all this was a great value and will last me years .
this knife is really sharp and it s been num_num months and i haven t had to sharpen it yet .
a bit heavy but it feels like you are holding something very solid .
for the price ,  this is a really great product that i use more than i thought i would .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
this one can cook two at a time with the same great taste that the old one did .
with that out of the way ,  this is a great case if you re interested in protection .
just received these glasses and i am delighted with them .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
it is comfortable fit in your hands and it really does work fast and well .
i happily give this a five star rating .
it s really hard to complain for this price because it s really an incredible value .
i had the voyager pro num_extend this ,  and it worked very well .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
i have num_num lodge pizza pans and love them .
i read the reviews of the waring and saw how % of the people loved it .
if you have parties where you are serving wine ,  then this product is a must !  .
this product does what it says it does .
i love this product and i had to give it a full five stars .
i purchased this item over num_num years ago ,  and it is still great .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
this is so easy to use and clean up that i should have bought one a long time ago .
i never thought that i could love something as utilitarian as a garlic press ,  but i love this one .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
this case is cute and the stand was fun and served its purpose .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i cannot express how awesome this charger is .
this is by far one of the best cases i ve tried on my iphone num_extend
i ve tried num_num other cases and this is easily the best one of the bunch .
have refilled more than num_extend already and works perfectly .
i have always been pleased with otterbox products .
not only do i have one at home ,  i have bought this as a gift as well .
i have several knives in this series and love all of them .
this one works well and i have had no problem with it .
i chose this unit because of the reviews on line and the ease of use .
i had it roughly for about num_num months and worked great on a couple of road trips .
made for the iphone num_num  not num_extend but it works on my num_extend just fine .
this is by far the best bluetooth i have ever owned ,  i would recommend this device to all .
these are even better than i thought they would be .
this is by far the best case . i ve been using this case for over num_num num_extend
they get the job done ,  that s for sure ,  and they do distribute heat very quickly and evenly .
everything is great except for one thing and that is the cover for the usb charging port .
this was the best case i have ever used .
the range is great ,  about num_num feet unobstructed ,  less if there is a sheetrock wall .
matter of fact have this one on my phone right now !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  .
these are good replacements for all my plastic containers which i have since gotten rid of .
purchased as an adaptable and affordable alternative to expensive $ teppanyaki griddles .
but that is so minor i would recommend this to any of my friends or family .
i bought this a while back ,  and i am still using it .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
this works just fine and charges my lg num_extend cell phone with no problems .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
like many others have mentioned ,  this case looks and feels great .
it really does make a difference when you cook your meat .
i am very happy with this product and will order these for all my phones in the future .
so i thought i m done with ceramic spoon rests !  i found this one at kitchen collection for $
this mount does a very good job holding the phone and fits in the cd slot well .
not only this is better than any other grater i have ever owned .
i ordered this item and absolutely love it .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
i have been using this slicer a good bit now .
best price found anywhere ,  and i spend considerable amount of time looking for the best prices .
for how i use this ,  i think it works great and would recommend it to anyone .
i will purchase again and again from reallook .
they last a long time and they add a touch of quality to the kitchen .
seems to be of high quality material and it s well made .
that is the only thing that would make it absolutely perfect !  .
comes with extra wires so that is nice .
i live in an apartment and this is great for that lifestyle .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
it cuts perfectly . the other reviews have said it all .
i love this food processor because it is a smaller size .
they are still as sharp as the day i purchased them and they cut through anything .
this machine does the work and does it at the right time .
they fit together solid ,  and would be hard to break ,  even if you stepped on them by accident .
i have used these and they are very handy and don t take up much room .
both work equally well after using for num_num days .
these meet that need and are long enough to fit a decent number of veg and meat .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
this product does what it is suppose to !  i recommend this product .
i like them because they do look nice and polished .
this is a cool feature for this mixer . i use it with mashed potatoes and chocolate chip cookies .
after trying different methods ,  i find that its best to keep the amount of popcorn to a minimum .
the sound quality is great which for me means that i can hear clearly with them .
i think these are a high quality stand at a very reasonable price . these are very well made .
i did test it and found that it attained the correct pressure and held it easily .
the price is excellent and i have been using it in my car daily with zero problems .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
for less then five bucks this is a pretty good deal .
the sound is outstanding ,  much better than my motorola num_extend
but this pan is what makes the biggest difference and is a great purchase .
otherwise i think that you will be happy with this unit .
this came fast and have been able to use to protect the phone .
after a year of use ,  i still am grateful for this little guy .
i have used this salad spinner for about num_num years and really like it .
first time buying this brand and we re thrilled .
if you have a great quality tablet this will work .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
this was rated as  best buy  by cooks illustrated and consumer reports .
i had to add about num_num minutes . probably the best thing about the pans though is ease of washing .
if you re looking for a new bluetooth headset ,  i can t recommend this one enough .
the stainless steel is nice and i think will wear well over time .
i would have liked it deeper but worth the money any way .
now it has a home and we point that out to them .
:  it s very classic and comes with straws that so far have lasted us a few months .
they are heavy and well made and they do not fall over even when empty .
i recommend using an eq on your num_extend player to help it out . + build quality .
this one actually fits and is rigid enough to stay on the phone .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
we have two of these units and are very plesed with them .
i would highly recommend this for any kitchen or bar .
took me num_num hours to replace my screen for the first time and it worked perfectly .
this product def worth the $ i paid for it .
i love all the unique sizes that these have .
would highly recommend this product and price from amazon .
this was the best case i have ever used .
i upgraded from an old round brita pitcher and this one is much better .
no complaints and i would recommend this product to others .
i love this product !  if its fully charged i can fully charge my iphone num_num or num_num times .
this item does what it is advertised to do .
this product has saved my phone on more times than i can count .
let me start by saying that i love this little machine .
since i bought this blender ,  i found that i use blender much more often .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
after more than one month ,  it looks great ,  better than new .
this is by far the best juicer i ve ever tried .
so he insisted that we get some more of these and they do the job .
this one is nice looking ,  quick ,  and makes great tasting coffee .
i will definately look to order from this seller again .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone !  .
the person on the other end could always hear me well too .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
it came packaged well and arrived rather quicker than expected ,  which is a good thing .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
it s perfectly fine to store it with water ,  just know that it could leak a bit after a while .
this thing is such a treat to use for soups that i m looking for new recipes .
very glad to have purchased this high quality skillet .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
the price is great ,  and so is the quality ,  a given with cuisinart .
i really like this screen protector for my iphone num_extend
this is a fine product but the handle is a bit thin .
their customer service is great ,  and they sent me a replacement bottom piece .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
this case is great and exceeds value for the price .
reception is good ,  volume is adequate and the people i talk with say that my voice is clear .
it looks nice in our kitchen and pretty much looks like the picture .
i ve had these for over a year now and they re just plain great .
the pan itself is very sturdy and has more heft than any nonstick pan i ve used before .
thin and flexible so it doesn t take too much space when packed .
this device is the best protection you can buy for your iphone num_num or num_extend
i didn t realize just how big this is ,   totally my fault  ,  but it is a great pan .
we have tried many headset and this one is the best by a long shot .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
found this one ,  read the reviews about the removable plates ,  and was anxious to give it a try .
would recommend this product for anyone who is tired of burning their fingers on hot lids !  .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i would recommend buying two or more and returning the doas .
it s inexpensive and if you aren t hard on your iphone ,  this is the product for you .
it is thick enough to make me feel safe about the phone ,  and it looks good .
there were several features that captured my imagination .
overall this is a very nice brush for the price .
this product is made in france and is of high quality .
i have tried them all and this is the best !  !  !  !  !  !  .
i have tried other external chargers ,  but the anker seems to be the best .
overall a great protector and worth the money .
comes out perfect every single time !  it doesn t stick at all .
this is an excellent product and i am thinking about buying a second one .
i bought this roaster about a month ago ,  and i m very happy with it .
very happy that i switched and purchased this product .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
it didn t fit exactly the way i thought it would but it still works .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i rate this kettle a big emphatic !  num_num stars !  .
other than that i would recommend this product .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i even carry it with me sometimes when i cook or eat outside of the home or at work .
this product was usable right out of the box .
other than that ,  this knife does all the work for you .
the sound quality is very good num_extend out of num_num stars  .
as others have noted this offers great protection of the touch and phone .
we have not been disappointed with any of the oxo good grips items we have purchased .
what can i say they do exactly what they are supposed to do and do it very well .
i would highly recommend to anyone with an iphone .
i m glad i purchased this because it is small enough for her pills and cleans very well .
this is quite good even though the old one was shorter and wider .
i bought this cover for my wife s phone and it works great .
i am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is .
i highly recommend this ,  and other lodge products !  .
i have used them all summer and they are still in excellent condition .
another reviewer says he does it with success .
i purchased this new piece because i had been looking for a unique size and what a great buy .
buy this product  !  !  !  you will love it  !  !  !  .
well worth the price ,  and is made of very durable material .
i feel much better about using my mixer now that i m using this type .
this is the absolutely best turner i have purchased .
i just want a ladle that will scoop a good helping .
there are cheaper timers available ,  but this one s worth the price .
this chopper does the job so much better .
but like from other reviews its will do the job just perfect . just remember this .
these are probably the most beautiful set of tongs i have ever seen .
this came and i used it right away .
i love this case and was glad that i got the hard plastic on the outside .
this one fits pretty well with three different pads and is easy to set up and use .
this is the sharpest blade  out of the box  that i have ever used .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
i have had this machine for about num_num days and i am thrilled with it .
just another good reason to buy these headsets .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
all spices have been good quality ,  highly recomend .
i also love them for mimosas because they hold so much .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
there is a reason you see so many people with this case .
and i have ordered more than my fair share since our whole family has the same phone .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
these screen guards are cheap ,  but they fit well and are easy to install .
does just as well if not better than commercial models .
the pan had glowing reviews and the price was right so i decided to give the num_extend a shot .
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
i just know that what is inside that jar is fresh .
no that big of a deal . if you re a soup lover ,  i highly recommend this product !  .
i purchased this food processor about num_num months ago and i m still loving it .
and this little percolator is well built; one i expect to last for many years .
this charger works very well on my son s phone .
this car cord works well when charging my samsung galaxy num_extend or my palm pre num_extend
this case has made my life as easy as it can get .
you won t be disappointed with this krups quality !  .
i also ordered the presto num_num piece canning set which is very good quality .
this ice cream maker works just like it is supposed to .
this was an inexpensive case and easy to order .
i have another one that is num_num times that old that needs a few parts but it still works .
this was the best price around the one we had was over num_num years old .
they have always arrived way ahead of time .
when i opened up the package i found the knife to be very light and very sharp .
this is hands down the strongest holder i ve ever used .
they are very protective when i have dropped my phone .
you can bake much more than just pizza with this pan .
all in all this will be a good replacement .
other than that ,  i m really happy with this cart .
that make it the perfect size though for things like corn on the cob .
very smooth ,  and easy . as other s have noted ,  it makes good coffee .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
fast and friendly customer service !  i m very pleased .
other than that it is a very good case and i have ordered another .
this was a good buy for me ,  i really like this product .
after reading many reviews i selected this tea maker and have enjoyed that decision ever since .
this is a well designed product that really does peel vegetables well .
i expect this unit will hold up for many years .
i am very happy with this purchase ,  and it arrived on time .
i got this case for my partner when she switched to iphone .
good fit and protects my num_extend just like it should .
nice mug overall and i would recommend this to a friend !  .
but ,  i think that s what s really nice about this case .  .  . feels and looks well made .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
i believe that you will like this product .
this one seems to have been improved since the last one so i am mostly happy with it .
this is the best value heater i found that also looks pretty nice too .
i have nothing but good things to say about this cleaner .
have used anker batteries for num_num phones now ,  and every time been very pleased .
this little guy doesn t take up too much space and it s nice and simple .
i have been using the product for more than a month and it is still functioning properly .
these sheets are the nicest ones i have ever owned .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
i ve had this for over a week and i must say that it works very well .
it is super easy to use and clean ,  and feels very sturdy .
i have used these about a dozen times and they work fairly well .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
this product is well made ,  nicely priced and works well .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
this product is highly effective in filtering the air in our bedroom num_extend
and as always amazon . com came through for me .
it syncs up easily with my phone ,  and battery life is reasonable for a device this small .
i was able to charge my kindle and my razr at the same time .
been using it for about num_num months now and it stills looks as cute as ever !  !  .
it was also a perfect fit for the iphone num_extend
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
sometimes you are pleasantly surprised by an item and this is one of them .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
it does this very well ,  and easily washed  by hand  .
using the filter is easy enough and a full pitcher can be filtered in about num_num minutes or so .
was pleased at the quality of this item when received .
not to happy about that but it s too late i really love this phone .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
i have had no problems and this works well for what i need .  .  . i would buy again .
this case received very positive reviews so thought i d give it a go .
i would recommend this case fo anyone that s not willing to pay $ or more for an armor case .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
this product has been a real lifesaver for me .
it s still going strong ,  and is well worth the price i paid for it .
we have had this for num_num years now and it is still the ideal coffee maker .
much better than the old num_num sided ones .
this is a very nice slicer and does exactly what i need at this time in my life .
first time i ve bought a skillet and i m really happy with it .
this particular pan is good for what it is designed to do ,  be a sauce pan .
i have had this spinner for about num_num months and i love it .
great product and i am glad that i found this item .
you can scrub the pots and pans with almost anything and they still look new .
all i know is that i love this can opener .
i d highly recommend the purchase of this oven .
i am a happy owner and would encourage anyone with this droid to purchase this itemoh .
this works better than the other screen protectors i have tried .
these will come in handy when i need them .
had this for about a year now and it is still perfect .
everything is in great shape still and i would recommend them to anyone .
i would definitely recommend it and purchase this item again .
i have a kitchenaid stand mixer but this is easier and does all the work for me .
great product ,  you will not be disappointed with this set .
i just replaced my old shiny screen protector with this matte finish one and absolutely love it .
read the reviews and seemed like a good choice .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
not only does this fit perfect on the mytouch num_extend slide ,  it looks good and is very sturdy .
the best part is that i have num_num of them .
i have been using my bialetti at home for many years and love it .
after num_num months of use i m happy this headset with one caveat .
i ve been using this device for about num_num months and i absolutely love it .
these seem to be holding up and i use them everyday .
and ,  the travel charger that comes with this is perfect too .
i ve used this set for about num_num years now and it still looks like new .
this saves battery life on both the headset and the phone ,  when you aren t using it .
i highly recommend this otterbox product as they are definitely quality products .
bought this kitchen aid in num_num and it is still going strong !  use it very frequently .
got this for my num_num year olds new ipod touch .
in my opinion ,  this is the best cookware for your money .
this unit is designed with good accessibility so you can clean it very easily .
it cooks any meat within num_num minutes ,  perfectly every time .
perfect fit and looks and feels great on the phone .
it fits wonderfully in my hand and feels very natural when holding it up to my ear .
i definitely recommend this product as well as this seller .
these are good replacements for all my plastic containers which i have since gotten rid of .
i should also note that the clip springs are also very strong .
i have had good luck with pyrex products and they last for quite a while .
i like that it is made out of metal rather than plastic .
i run them through my dishwasher and they come out sparkling and shiny .
bought this pan for the great amazon price .
they re a good value and i d absolutely buy them again .
i m very happy with this and would definitely recommend it !  .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
actually ,  my machine does that ,  but this is a perfect size for two .
i have been using these forever and love them .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
i have about num_num victorinox knifes and love all of them .
after the movers left i was able to clean up after them quickly and easily with this great vacuum .
i am constantly on my electronics and playing games and this device is perfect for me !  !  .
there s a reason this particular model is so popular .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
this product got me out of a bind more than once .
nice to have to help organizing small stuff on bathroom counter .
did web research and it pointed us to this coffee maker .
i give the animal num_num stars because it does have power and does get the job done .
great protection with the hard flap over the screen .
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well .
i would easily say that it works better than the oem battery that came with the phone .
this pan bakes up a great num_extend bear cake that will wow everyone .
in all ,  a great cable for those who have either lost their original or need a second one .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
i wasn t sure i d be able to find another but was happy when i did .
but ,  there is . this chef knife is great ,  and for the price ,  it s way better than some more expensive brands .
just feels like it ll last me forever and is overall nice to use .
this norpro is the easiest most consistent press that i have used .
overall ,  i am happy that i purchased this set . there is one caveat .
i would recommend this because it worked as it said .
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
just one more reason to get this product ! i have used this for a month ,  and i love it .
one person said that they paid $ and that it is worth twice as much .
i would recommend it to anyone it s worth the money .
love it !  love it !  love it !  would recommend this to any one who s wants a phone protector .
this is a good quality product that i would recommend to anyone .
and you can trust that when you buy wmf ,  it will last your lifetime and beyond ,  amazing products .
have not tried them yet ,  but look and fit well .
i was not sure what this one would be like ,  but i m delighted with it .
this one is the biggest one out of the three that i already have .
this is the best stick sweeper i have ever owned and i have been married num_num years .
my mother has had this product for about num_num year and she said she loves it .
i continue to be really happy with this product !  .
this is probably one of the nicer cases i have owned .
i am very impressed with these especially at the price .
i added this little gem to my wish list after reading all the other rave reviews .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
he has had this case for a good num_num months and its still holding up strong .
purchased this at a great price from amazon  go amazon !   .
i bought this roaster about a month ago ,  and i m very happy with it .
it is a good size ,  holding num_num large mouth pint jars in two layers .
i settled on this one because of the excellent reviews and because i like stainless steel kitchen tools .
you will not be disappointed ,  these are very good tools .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
this is a genuine bissel product so it fit perfectly .
seidio has really done a great job with this charger .
i would rather have smaller holes or none at all ,  but so far ,  so good .
this is such a good product ,  especially for the price .
so far this press is working pretty good .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
i bought this color and a few others of the same brand; the case itself is fantastic .
if you could change the this ,  i will give you num_num starts . however generally this is a good product .
they look fine and work well for daily use ,  either for whites or reds .
i really love using this whisk with my stanless steel pans .
despite all this the mount does work as well .
this item is very inexpensive yet durable case !  much better than the jelly case i had before .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
this is a lot larger than one would think .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
it also works for plugging into the usb port on the computer  mac or pc  to sync using itunes .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
i like this knife and would buy more of this brand .
the bowls are also very easy to clean .
i like the device for its look ,  but it is slightly larger than most headsets .
i would definitely recommend this case to anyone .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
i will be buying this again for her .
i ve used num_num screen protectors while i ve had my evo and this is tops .
great price for num_num screens and amazon prime ! tips for num_extend
spread out over the year it is more than worth it .
the num_extend is a well built unit with a sturdy base and pot .
i have tried every thin stylus sold by amazon and without a doubt this is the best .
great phone case i used this case for about num_num years .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
made a great gift been using for over num_num months .
we had this steamer for many years ,  and it served us well .
i am very pleased with these headphones and have use them daily since they arrived .
i have used this a couple times as i spice grinder ,  and i love it .
these earbuds were priced right and offer good sound .
i will be buying this again for her .
i am very glad that i purchased this product .
i generally have been able to buy it for $
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
no problems with them . would recommend them to anyone .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i am pleased with this product and happy with it .
the rim  lip  of their dishes have a more rounded edge than before .
when ever i have to chance to use this ill used ityou can t go wrong it s the best ever .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
but i still have them and they have held up well over the last num_num years .
i received this as a gift many years ago .
like other reviewers ,  i am impressed with this bumper for the price .
i have the htc evo num_extend and this is the exact one i got with it new .
there is much to like about this headset .
i have used this a couple of times and am happy with the performance and ease of cleaning .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
if you re a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product .
when we wanted new ones ,  we gave the originals to family ,  and they were thrilled .
as you would expect from oxo ,  it s very well made .
this swivel charger is so much better than the original charger .
i highly recommend this product because it lived up to the hype .
i bought these because they are so pretty .
i also like that they don t stain when i store tomato sauce in them .
a solid num_num star rating for this convenient water boiler .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
this product is the same as the original battery that came with my fone and works well .
it was great not having to call around or run to the stores looking for this particular product .
looks exactly like the picture and is awesome .
this crockpot is very sleek looking and a nice size .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
this cake pan is perfect for making that taller num_num inch layer cake .
i use this in the bedroom to help keep me cool and keep the air circulating .
the chemex also filters out much of the oils from the coffee ,  producing a very bright cup .
they look good ,  seem to be well designed ,  and work well .
i ve had this blender for about num_num months now and have been very pleased .
i ve had it for more than num_num months and works perfectly !  i would highly recommend it .
i can t say enough about how much i ve enjoyed this machine .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
i gave this to my boyfriend for christmas and he loves it .
i d recommend this product if you have this phone .
after the update this thing has been wonderful .
this pen is pretty decent if you want to get bang for your buck .
i wish they were still making kettles !  this braun is pretty good .
it s exactly what i ve come to expect from the oxo line .
it takes about num_num hours to charge the headset and i ve found that the battery life is pretty reasonable .
i have to say it was even more impressive than the description .
have had this about num_num mos and it still is my favorite  out of num_extend
the battery life is really good and is up to num_num hours .
this product is a good buy for the price .
makes sense . over all ,  you won t be disappointed with this set .
said that she would recommend this case to everyone who has has iphone num_num or num_extend
after doing some research ,  fagor looked like a good buy ,  and amazon s price was good .
they are covered in a nice smooth plastic type covering so it shouldn t rust .
the seidio num_num is the best battery i have ever had in a cell phone .
otherwise ,  it makes a great cup of coffee num_extend stars .  .  .  . problem solved .
another well made product that you can get without great cost because it comes direct from china .
after two months of daily use the unit is working great .
i like that it s made of stainless steel .
i have tons of different pans made of different materials and each has its purpose .
it works as good as the charger that came with the phone .
you just have to be careful and take your time .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
i cannot say enough good things about this pan .
well ,  we are back to this one and will continue as long as we can find this model .
as others have mentioned ,  this bodum press is very elegantly crafted .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
i ve had a few of these for years now and love them .
i use this product to whip cream for my afternoon coffee ,  and it does an excellent job .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
i give these num_num stars because they are sturdy ,  well made and the lids fit well .
i have been using mine for several months and it is holding up quite well . it s very easy to clean .
i just got my num_extend and i totally love this thing .
time for a new one !  thought i d check out other options but i keep coming back to this one .
these were a bit bigger than i expected ,  which is good for us .
the duracell is good for an extra num_num hours of talk time .
they are very sturdy and have a good design .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
i have had good luck with the honeywell humidifiers .
i am able to mix it without all the foam that used to happen with my previous bottle .
i sincerely love these cookie scoops and would not be without one now !  .
was a little concerned when i placed the order but i m very happy with it .
it is amazing !  i ve tried everything from paper bags or bowls that would melt .
i really like the quality of this screen .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
this being my first otterbox ,  of course .  would highly recommend this product to anyone .
i would recommend this product to anyone who has a cell phone .
i bought this because of the handle and i love it .
very happy with results . very happy with this product .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
the quality seems really good and they just have a nice feel to them .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
he loves it and used it several times a week .
i will continue to use this product and will recommend it to others .
we have had four ios devices charging with this charger at the same time ,  and it works great .
however ,  the power and stability are very good .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
i m a happy old man and very pleased with my purchase .
this review actually expresses the views of my good friends who use it .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
this is something that s easy to remember but it s also a safety concern .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
this is the best cooling rack i have ever seen .
very attractive and you can mix or match colors if you would like to do that .
will purchase another when this one fail .  . by the way cummunity coffee works great .
for the price ,  these headphones are perfect for htc evo phone .
i ve had this pot more than num_num years ,  and it still looks new .
it acts and looks exactly like the one that came packaged with my phone ,  and it works great .
other than that ,  this is a great product !  .
it also works with my plantronics bluetooth earpiece .
these are the best liners i have ever used .
this approach is one we have never seen before ,  and we where honestly really impressed by it .
this is a great way to get charge your phone or whatever you want .
i had never used a cooker before but the instructions that comes in the box are very thorough .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
i bake a lot ,  and the bundt pans from this company are my favorite for cakes .
this cable works great on my samsung galaxy num_extend
i ordered num_num of these for my num_num boys and ,  for what i paid ,  i am impressed .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i originally ordered this item from amazon ,  and it arrived in a very timely manner .
i love belkin products as i find that they really put the thought and workmanship into their products .
i great replacement for my old carafe that got daily use and broke after num_num years .
this came in a package of num_num so i m good to go for at least num_num more years !  .
i find this product very useful and innovative .
so seems the case is made from silicone and its firmly strong .
it s nothing fancy but the quality is good for the price i paid for it .
i like this fan because it is small and easy to store when not in use .
it is perfect and if it every goes out on me i will purchase another one just like it .
i believe that it is needless to say that so far i am thoroughly impressed by this device .
i have had this blender for several years num_extend it works great .
i ve have kitchenaid peelers that work just as well ,  and the oxo peelers are well made too .
this is the first bluetooth headset i have ever used and am very happy with this one .
i was happy to see that they were still made them .
i had a fixed thickness wire slicer that was fine ,  but this one works so much better .
i like the melting butter idea that another reviewer mentioned .
i just used my pot for the first time and have to say that i love it .
looks like they know what they are doing .
this is very practical when you feel like french fries .
that says a lot about their company and their customer service .
very smooth i would highly recommend this for anyone who has a ipod num_extend gen .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
i ve been using this several times a week for the last num_num months ,  and it s been excellent .
i bought this for my my wife s iphone num_num and fits ok and very sturdy .
got some that night if you know what i mean .
i think this set will come in very handy .
i wanted to chime in with how happy i am with this item .
keeps it dust free and the pocket stores all the little gizmos that come with it . i like it !  .
i really like this case so far ,  but i m a little worried about the quality .
this new bowl works so much better than the bowl that came with the mixer .
in fact ,  it s the best headset i ve found for the treo  tried plantronics and motorola previously without success  .
extremely happy with this purchase ,  and i would recommend to anyone .
these worked well ,  they came quickly and were packaged safely !  loved it so much .
i am just so thrilled with this jar .
i bought this a couple of months ago and i love it .
i purchased this little steamer through amazon ,  and it arrived promptly and in good condition .
i purchased this coffee mug based on the reviews here at amazon ,  and so far have been pleased .
we really like these pots !  they heat evenly and look great .
there is nothing flashy about it at all ,  but it does work well .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
this is the best case i ve ever seen .
they re pretty nice even though i still think they re on the large size .
the unit is easy to operate and comes with an easy to follow instruction book .
they will work well in any coffee maker one cup or two cup .
this product works good and i can charge an extra battery and the phone at the same time .
have had this about num_num mos and it still is my favorite  out of num_extend
i ve had it for over a year now and it still looks brand new .
the following things are true about the num_extend
i also like the fact that i can still use my other wall port due to its tiny size .
this is the right size for most people .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
if you enjoy cooking and entertaining ,  you should have one in your kitchen .
the top is rounded so you can press with your hand pain free unlike unfinished round cutters .
days later it is still fresh and not brown or soggy .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
i would definitely buy from this vendor again .
cuisinart knows cooking so you can t go wrong with any of their stuff .
i purchased this juicer in num_num and it s still going strong .
i had to add about num_num minutes . probably the best thing about the pans though is ease of washing .
i was very impressed with the quality of this item .
when using the product as a speaker phone indoors it work great .
really love this ,  and the handle is very comfortable ,  too  as are most oxo tools  .
i think this beater really works up the batter nicely .
i think they are going to be doing a lot more reading now that they have their ,   cool library  .
i just ordered the case in the light blue because i like this product so much .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
the bottom line is that it works well .
the utensils that came with the set are also very nice .
i got this for my girlfriend and we both love it .
this is a nice bowl to have on hand for small jobs .
i have been looking for this type of product for a while and was happy to find one !  .
there is just so much this phone has to offer .
this model comes with num_num stoppers ,  and the pump is attractive and well made .
i would purchase again from this seller in the future !  .
they are very stylish and have a nice weight to them .
i received this today and i have to say ,  it s very well made .
and the customer service is awesome . now on to this product .
and i will do business with them again .
i use this several times a day and just love it .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
i have bought these several times and they are the greatest of all the screen protectors i ve used .
but my wife loved the case when she used this phone .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
it gives you the option to adapt to your voice ,  which is very helpful .
i was really surprised at the amount of tools that comes with this kit .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
i have gone through many more expensive fancier tea kettles and this is my favorite .
i also love that they hang ,  rather than having them in a drawer .
i feel like they are designed for people with special needs .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
she loves this brand and has not had any problems with it so far .
note :  i have been using this num_num months now and still love it !  no problems at all .
i have found this product to be for protecting my iphone num_extend
these things are great ,  and definitely worth the price .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
finally put these on my christmas wish list and got them in my stocking .
buy this product if you drop your phone a lot !  .
thanks amazon for an awesome buy ! more than num_num years later and this is still my favorite pan !  !  .
i am very impressed with the quality of this knife set .
they work well for the every day items you want to store or freeze .
i actually use this much more than i thought i would .  .  . the kids love them !  .
this is by far the best ,  most comfortable bluetooth device i ve ever owned .
doesn t slide or anything !  def worth the cents that i paid lol !  .
i will definitely be purchasing more at this great price .
this will give your phone a full charge .
there is no tarnish or rust ,  the hinges still work perfectly ,  the wires still cut cleanly .
if you have a num_extend or num_extend this battery is really worth the price of admission .
i ordered this cover for a coworker because he liked mine so much .
this charger has worked fine for as many months as i have owned it .
takes only num_num minutes to make them just right for us .
awesome !  just what i was looking for when i ordered a case .
it hold a charge ,  doesn t take too long to charge and works well .
this one has the best of both worlds .
the picture shows the pattern ,  but what a suprise when you get it !  i would recommend purchasing this case .
i chose this model based on all of the positive reviews and the reviews were right on !  .
often used with mio or similar ,  and always tastes great .
bought this coffee maker about num_num months ago  only in white  and simply love it .
still ,  they are a great set and i would by them again .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
two for one review here ,  they re great !  but i ll save that for another review .
it s just great ! some people might not like that the settings are either .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i would rate this product worth at least $
i have two other sizes of this scoop and i love them all .
holster it comes with is good quality also .
she reported that it was quick ,  easy ,  and worked very well .
i have several brands of these sheilds and they are all good .
it could be more powerful because it takes longer than the oem one but it works .
this is one of the best car chargers i have used thus far .
i ve been using this brewer for over a month and love it .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
i ordered this vacuum nearly a year ago and absolutely love it .
it comes in a pack of num_extend which makes it easy to replace when i need it .
the bottom line is that it works well .
i would recommend this case to anyone on a budget .
this one is more comfortable and has lasted longer than the others did .
i would definitely recommend this food num_extend years later and still running great with all original parts .
i would recommend this to anyone .  .  .  . thank you amazon .
obviously ,  it s a perfect size for a crosley player ,  because that s what it was made for .
these styluses are quality items and not cheap imitations .
it works !  got this thing applied first time without bubbles .
this is a very nice item; my wife was going through about num_num per month .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
they are the perfect sizes and the quality you would expect from pyrex .
these work great for cake pops !  i would buy these again .
i love that it doesn t take up too much room .
with this press ,  it s easy to make coffee for num_extend
much better than the ones that came with the bb .
it makes the jam look so much nicer ,  more like a gift .
should have bought one of these years ago !  very handy ,  well made ,  works great .
didn t have anything to lose so i bought it ,  and it has really surprised me .
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone with a razr .
my first impression upon opening the box was  wow ,  this is cool .   i haven t been disappointed yet with it .
overall ,  a very quality lid ,  and all that i expected .
i really like this pitcher because you can seal it shut with ease .
i love the case it looks exactly like it does in the picture .
this product was such a good buy that i had to take a chance .
love to sparkle ,  just what i needed !  my only problem with this case is how rough it feels .
this is a nice container ,  but i had expected something a bit larger .
although expensive ,  these are well worth the extra money for the sound quality and comfort alone .
would buy these again and still have on my phone .
i love these types of pitchers that can mix inside .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
i ve never used for anything other than making sparkling water and it works great .
overall ,  the quality is great and the price as well .
i just cut off two clips on the right side and now it fits perfectly .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
made the phone look like it was brand new .
the first time i used this i loved it .
well made and it works ,  but it s smaller than i expected .
i ve had these measuring cups for a while now and i find them very useful .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
after just a few days with this coffee maker i m extremely happy with it .
not sure what kind of bread they are using ,  but regular bread fits perfect .
i am also looking forward to receiving my free car cleaning accessories !  .
definitely noticed an improvement after i used this .
i would recommend this vacuum to anyone without hesitation .
this was a gift ,  however ,  i have heard this and it work well .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
these great little spoons have the perfect shape to sneak into that little spice jar .
i bought these bowls when they were on sale and i am glad i did .
very good fit and doesn t loosen over time .
worth to spend the extra money and have this item as a backup .
i would agree with other reviewers that cleaning often is key to enjoying these for a long time .
the only complaint i have is that the inner layer attracts dust but other than that ,  perfect .
i love this machine !  had it a couple months now and it s still working great .
i would recommend it it to anyone that wants a change from the leather cases .
a much better product then the one that came with my phone .
have had it for about a year now and am still amazed by what it picks up .
my phone has been dropped many times and still works this is a good case .
they worked just fine ,  and the num_num count is worth the price .
i would buy these again if needed ,  perfect for valentines day .
this pot is used at least num_num times per day and it has held up well .
i really feel like i got a deal .
the replacement back that comes with it fits well .
this is my second purchase of this wonderful product .
it s wonderful  superquick and much better for having the press instead of mincing .
there s nothing wrong with them ,  and they are a good size with comfortable handles .
i to am very pleased with this item .
it arrived in just a few days and works great . this fan is a real air mover .
i ve been using this phone case for over a week now and i love it .
i ve tried other types and brands but i like the ease and handling of this style .
i ve now used this coffee maker daily for five months ,  and i m very pleased with its performance .
i now have a num_extend house with mostly white carpets ,  and it s still going strong .
this is by far the best wired or wireless headset i ve ever used  over a dozen  .
this item is very cheaply made ,  but works great !  it froths milk like a pro ,  and it s fast .
they are long ,  easy to fold up and put away and most important they charge fast !  .
it s really true that the right cookware makes all the difference and this is the right stuff !  .
these knives have durable blades and the handles are strong and well weighted making cutting even easier .
it worked as advertised and i would recommend it to anyone .
it is that good !  fits like a glove and doesn t look bad at all .
these screen protectors are comparable to the best out there .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i like the fact that this thermometer can be read from nearly any angle .
normally ,  i would not have ordered the same thing ,  but it did it s job ,  it protected the phone perfectly .
i am happy with my purchase and would recommend this .
it is easy to use and i don t have to worry about my ipod getting wet .
i have noticed that the screen is just amazing on the x .
i m a command strip junky and this is just another one of my favorite items !  .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
currently using it with a lg num_num and it works great .
i bought this case for my epic num_extend and love it .
this was the first one i found that is actually close .
i used this everyday with my old phone and always got complements on it .
i m % sure this is a genuine speck case .
i love to zest lemons with this thing .
i bought these the first time as a birthday gift .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
i ve had this blender for about num_num months now and have been very pleased .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
again ,  it would only make a great product even better .
it actually creates pretty good  snow  similar to what you find from a more expensive machine .
this is such a useful little usb port .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
but i think it will hold up well over time .
after nearly a dozen moves it still works great .
they arrived on february num_extend which was a pleasant surprise .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
it s great to have some of these extra stoppers laying around in your drawer .
aside from it being a pressure cooker ,  this is the nicest pot i own .
have had another set of these and they lasted very well ,  now i have num_num sets .
but i got my money s worth from the case .
i have this around num_num weeks now and it is holding up very well .
great way to use up ripe bananas ,  and make banana split ice cream .
there is nothing flashy about it at all ,  but it does work well .
otherwise it s very handy that the tail serves as a stand for your phone .
i have had mine over num_num year now ,  and they have held up perfectly .
my daughter and her friends loved this item she has recommended it to her friends .
to sum up ,  i d recommend this case to anyone clumsy like me .
cakes made with this mold create a bit of a sensation because they are so visually distinctive .
for the superb quality ,  the price was more than fair .
i have been using this for over a year now and i am very happy with it .
one thing i can say about this item is that the price was right .
i haven t had any problems with this item and would recommend it to anyone !   :   .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
i really liked this product i got it because it was the easiest to use .
i love the otter box it is very durable and i would buy them again .
this little machine worked like a pro when i first got it .
it is nice that you get front and back .
they are easy to install and i would recommend them .
i didn t realize just how big this is ,   totally my fault  ,  but it is a great pan .
it seems to help make them more uniform in shape and profile .
i would recommend these to anyone looking for a set of portable headphones that don t have a cord .
this cured my problems perfectly . one last word of caution when replacing your screen .
i ordered num_num of these and they are perfect for my needs .
it makes a perfectly cooked pizza in about num_num minutes .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
this is a really pretty case and it lasted for a while .
i was really pleased with this num_extend car charger .
this is a solid choice for an iphone num_extend case with battery pack .
but i have no problem with it as it is very useful .
i still love this bundt pan and will use again .
and use scotch tape ,  please .  .  .  . it looks beautiful and yes ,  it is on there the second time around .
it is so quiet and my husband can be in the same room as me when i m using this .
i purchased this based on the the reviews and description of the power it has .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i would love to have this same mixer with a larger bowl .
i would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan .
i bought this because america s test kitchen said it was the best .
it s a good tool that i think most kitchens could benefit from .
there are some good features with this num_extend
i had the older version of this that was made in brazil and loved it .
fir driving a tractor trailer this is good but like my blue parrott num_extend + better .
considering the price of this unit ,  it s a great buy !  .
they due start to bend up after a while ,  but they do the job .
only used a couple of weeks but love it .
but for a skillet that has never been used before that is better than great .
i love this product and recommend it to anyone .
this is my num_extend product from them and each one has been worth every penny .
they are just the right size ,  not to big or to small !  .
i have been with tracfone for around num_num years now and love the company and the phones .
bought this product almost num_num years ago and it has been working great .
i am very happy with this gift and wish i would have started using it sooner .
this knife is nothing short of a work of art .
we have been married num_num years and this by far is the best can opener we have ever owned !  .
these pans make perfect ,  uniform cookies everytime ,  and are very easy to clean .
it is a good looking jar and will fit about num_num mini plants .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
this is one of the best phone cases i have ever had .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
:  the blending ability of this unit is really something else .
this item is a must have for anyone with a htc evo num_extend
this seems like it will be a great screen protector !  .
i loved these they stayed on my phone with no problems .
i am confident these breadboxes will last long enough to become family heirlooms .
this has made pasta making num_num times better .
if the measurements are what you need for your toaster ,  i recommend this cover .
we had used it for num_num years and it was still nice enough to take .
i liked that it came in white or black .
i ve had it for about num_num years now and it still works perfectly .
it s well made and doesn t take up any more room than num_num or num_num shirts .
the first thing i noticed is this is a quality item ,  except theplastic knob .
i ve used this almost daily for num_num months now and it works great .
i also like the fact that it is small but still does the job .
this is a nice case for the price ,  especially with the included screen num_extend
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
nice mug overall and i would recommend this to a friend !  .
other than that ,  this is a really cool looking case .
every single loaf of bread i ve made turned out wonderfully .
this makes the incredible thinner and lighter num_extend ounces compared to the droid s num_num ounces  .
this case will help with that a lot .
the handles on this set are very durable and will last a long time .
i got this product after a good research .
this product works good and i can charge an extra battery and the phone at the same time .
we ve had this food dryer for about num_num weeks and are loving every minute of it .
i ve used this every couple of days since i got it and i m very fond of it .
for me there is nothing better to cook with .
this one has a nice layer of plastic covering it ,  which has held up nicely so far .
plus ,  they are made in the usa !  i have num_num of them and each color is great .
i picked up one of these at a local store and have overall been satisfied with it .
i was very happy with hx num_num for its clarity and noise cancellation features .
i like this product and i would definitely recommend it to others .
they have a bit of a sharp edge to them .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
never thought i would love a juicer so much .
and they look nice enough that you can use them at the table and not be embarrassed .
although this product is more expensive than others it is worth every penny .
for the price this is a great value and even though i have large hands it s really comfortable .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
this thing is a great idea from ronco .
this is a steal for under $ at amazon . com with free shipping .
after num_num mixes num_extend uses  and a couple of small lasagnas it s still in great shape .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
after num_num weeks and about num_num loaves ,  i am very happy with the machine .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
i rarely use the flashlight or laser pointer ,  but they are cool little features that could come in handy .
spend a little bit money and get one that will last and are a pleasure to use .
even after sitting in the pot for an hour ,  the coffee still tastes fresh .
i like this product because it really protects my phone .
there s a fine line that you will learn !  i recommend this product .
this is the best money i have ever spent on a gadget .
i will be buying this again for her .
i would purchase again and would recommend for anyone needing plain white mini cups .
first i must say ,  great price for this product .
they are well made and have a nice feel to them .
buy this one ,  and especially since this product is made in the usa ,  this is a real good buy ! enjoy !  .
i bought this case in december and i have been very happy with it .
all and all its well worth the few dollars that this case cost .
i recommend a lot of practice to those who have never used one before .
i purchased this product because it was advertised as hand made and i enjoy the look of wrought iron .
i ordered this thermos based on the reviews and i was very happy not to be disappointing .
i love everything about this machine ,  even the waiting is okay .
this is the best coffee maker that i have ever used .
i think this would be good for one person if they just wanted clean ,  good tasting water .
this is easy to assemble ,  simple to use and really easy to clean up .
all three sizes are practical ,  and the finish is good as new after many ,  many runs through the dishwasher .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
i m italian and i can confirm that this machine works fine .
i replaced a smaller block with this one and love it .
the call is clear and i can actually hear the other end of the line .
but it is something that i will use for quite some time .
i had a small issue that was my own fault and this company was outstanding with customer service .
let me say that this does that like a champ .
im guessing this unit will last a very long time . it is also good looking .
it is awesome ,  and i can t say enough good things about how great this cake pan is .
easy to use and the price is right .  .  . you can t go wrong with this product .
overall i am thoroughly impressed with this phone .
there are lots of options in this price range .
this case does feel more sturdy than my previous one .
my son got this as a gift for his iphone num_extend
i bought this over num_num years ago and it has served me very well .
this case looks as good as new after the first week of use .
have had a few months already and it still looks new .
i have the num_num inch and this size is much better .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
bought this yogurt maker based on price and reviews and i was not disappointed .
cuisinart knows cooking so you can t go wrong with any of their stuff .
amazon has top pricing on this product too .
this is a great machine that i now find i am using daily for blending ,  chopping ,  mixing etc .
it looks like it will hold up real well !  .
based on user reviews and the overall design i thought this would be the winner .
this usb charger really does work quicker than the one it replaced .
she was hesitant at first but admitted that this electric kettle does the trick .
these things work great and look even better .
we have had this oven for about one year and we are very satisfied with it s performance .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
they really perform so well ,  i love this set and recommend it .
i haven t found another case that works well when sliding open the keyboard like this one .
i love this product ,  it works as described with no problems .
this fits those times when i just need a quick boost and maybe one full charge .
it is easy to use and when i wear this one out i will buy another to replace it .
this is the best espresso maker i have ever purchased .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i have kitchen aid num_extend num_extend and this bowl fits perfectly .
this is a great and idea and a great product .
it s larger than i expected and that mirror shine finish is gorgeous .
the tea tastes better and the cleanup is easier than the other brand .
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results .
i received my item in record timing and i am really happy with what i received .
i love this case when i use it all the time when needed .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
it will also last longer than other brands .
i have had good experience with products made by rowenta ,  plus the product is made in germany !  .
would highly recommend this product and price from amazon .
i have been using it for num_num weeks and am incredibly satisfied with this purchase .
i decided to give this one a try and i am glad i did .
i like it so much i plan to purchase another soon !  .
cheap price and works great ,  just like the one that came with my phone .
i m happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone .
i wish i would have gotten one for myself sooner but am happy to have it now .
we are all very satisfied with the product and your service .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
i know they are expensive but they are so good .
it irritating but i can work with it . overall construction is solid and seems to be pretty good quality .
krups makes good products and this one is one of there best .
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
this is a great back up . this is one of the best quality product that i have purchased so far .
when i first opened the mountek package ,  i was surprised at the quality .
small ,  compact  fits easily in a drawer  ,  accurate .
i would have the phone and the headset . i love the size of this phone .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
this really hasn t been a big deal for us ,  though ,  and we ve been happy with it to this point .
i have had them for over num_num years and they are still going strong .
i would have liked it deeper but worth the money any way .
this machine does all of that . this machine is very forgiving too .
saw these at a restaurant in cayman islands and my husband loved them .
it takes about num_num minutes for the full pot to brew ,  and the results are consistent .
this case looks great with my black iphone num_extend
i have additional size skillets and a num_extend chicken fryer ,  and love them all .
i love it and i have never gone wrong with this brand .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
reason for num_num rather than num_extend aside from this minor issue ,  everything else works pretty well .
unlike my past ,  more expensive bluetooth headsets ,  this one has clear reception and good range .
i saw this peeler recommended about num_num years ago ,  and got one .
it takes a bit of getting used to but what great coffee .
that has come in handy a couple of times .
also ,  the great thing about this phone is the battery life .
it was worth the money and i am very pleased with it .
the grill was even better than i expected after reading the other reviews .
the best thing is that it takes very little space to store .
good to have a few extra of these lying around the house if you have any apple products .
the best thing i love about this charger is the size .
even though these clips are small ,  they are really sturdy .
could sure tell the difference when walking in from outside ,  having clean air inside .
i will probably get a second one as i like this one so much !  .
it s a great little cooker and doesn t take up much space .
this spoon rest looks great in the kitchen and does it s job well .
will work great and and should have plenty left for later on .
this product does what it s supposed to do .
i was not sure what this one would be like ,  but i m delighted with it .
num_num stars because they are well built headphones .
i received it about num_num hours ago ,  and one steak later i am very impressed .
around num_num minutes later you have a truly amazing ingredient .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
i got all these tips off the internet and they ve worked for me .
it is a great product and would recommend it to anyone .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
they seem to be well made and i suspect that they last a long time .
i have been using this charger since i got it and it has saved me many times .
it seems very well constructed and is a more sturdy piece than many others .
they work just like all the other ,  love wilton .
this is much better than i thought it d be .
i really like it because it gives better protection to my smartphone .
always hand washed and working fine for past num_num months .
the books that come with this have some very good tips and decorating guides for starters .
all in all i recommend this case if you want to have a case for your incredible .
i like them because they are sharp and not too big .
physical keyboard is almost useless ,  but onscreen keyboard is very good and better than num_extend
i received it about a week ago ,  and so far it has lived up to expectations and then some .
i love this ice cream maker for several reasons .
definitely would recommend this one to anyone who doesn t want to spend big $ on a coffee grinder .
it will hold a lot more food than you would expect .
it does fot my droid incredible in a protective case .
and the fact that this is made in the usa is even more astounding .
this is a great quality stone that does not require conditioning .
i ve found this product useful for keeping an open bottle fresh for about another day .
i have a white iphone num_num and it compliments my phone very well .
this case works out very nicely . although some of the sparkels on theback came off very quickly you couldn tnotice .
one thing about the vp i can tell already is that it is very comfortable .
it also fits in my desktop charging dock which i like to use .
and as a food storage system ,  it is even better than as a marinater .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i have bought this set of knives to give as a gift on numerous occasions .
end rant . the phone itself i think is very underrated and under priced for such a high quality product .
i have some of these that came with a gasket that makes for an airtight seal .
but it looks good ,  just like the real thing .
i liked this product so much ,  i ordered a second one .
love this product ,  have used this type of system for num_num yrs .
after having used this kettle ,  i can safely say this is one of the best kettles around .
i would buy this again and i highly recommend it .
i chose this rating because the product is very cute and pairs really easy .
they are of good quality and do bring back the num_extend
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i got my case on time and i was happy with that .
i have never put a screen film before so its really simple .
this waffle iron makes great ,  crispy thin waffles .
i bought this kettle num_num years ago and it s still going strong .
i am totally pleased with this purchase ,  a fair price for top quality .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
nice to have these in a set to save some money .
the sound is far better than i expected .
i bought this breadmaker since it seemed to have the most good reviews ,  and i have not been disappointed .
the spoons work very well ,  are sturdy ,  and the spatula does not scratch the wok .
i have been using this press for about a month now and i am very pleased .
this pan is great but i would have preferred the bottom to be a little wider .
gives me very good battery life im happy with this product .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
there are only num_num of us so this is a great size with some left over . very sturdy .
the mid size board is useful for making a sandwich or something along those lines .
i was very surprised this works as neat as it does .
i bought this to replace the one i had previously that looked like this and i like the style .
so i find this arrangement helpful ,  when my first one goes down .
what is unique about this one is the shape .
even after sitting in the pot for an hour ,  the coffee still tastes fresh .
they re nicely made and have done what they re supposed to do .
i am looking forward to making some great holiday cookies .
i love this product !  if its fully charged i can fully charge my iphone num_num or num_num times .
this case looks as good as new after the first week of use .
they make fabulous products and have an excellent warrantee .
i was pleasantly surprised when i received this kitchenaid ladle .
made the blender work like new !  these do wear out with a lot of use ,  but are easily replaced .
its got a nice long cord that allows me to use the phone in my bed while it charges .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
if you read the other reviews they state that the coffee is the perfect temperature and i agree %
contacted amazon and they took care of everything very fast .
i use it for work to charge my phone and have it right there .
this control unit seemed to have the best price point when i was looking for this product .
have been very robust after num_num months of constant use .
he told me this was one of the best things i ever bought him .
this product was completely worth the money spent !  .
this product does its job with no surprises .
its also easy to clean !  this thing is great .
they have turned out perfectly for me every time .
bose is the best when it comes down to their products hands down !  .
but for my uses ,  this grinder is perfect . i gave it num_num stars because cleaning is kind of a pain .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
these things are great ,  and definitely worth the price .
i ordered num_num sets of these and is one of the best purchases i have ever made .
so far ,  all the items purchased through amazon have been excellent  !  .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
the cones do not touch the counter ,  as others have said ,  and it is sturdy .
the quality is what you have come to expect from the nesco brand name .
i like the fact that this comes with a shoulder strap .
i am sure that is the experience you will find with this wonderfull headset .
i believe that you will like this product .
the pitcher is very heavy  which we don t mind  and looks to be made very well .
keeps coffee very hot for a long time .
the trigger seems like a good safety feature to me .
i have these bowls and they are wonderful .
i used this product in a unique way .
also tried my mouse and that worked as well .
they are all by far the best headsets i have ever used .
the difference between these and say ,  plantronics ,  is that the voice is very natural sounding .
the craftsmanship is superb . i didn t pay anywhere near the amazon asking price for this item .
i had to add about num_num minutes . probably the best thing about the pans though is ease of washing .
i have to say i really like this nordic ware popcorn popper .
i have been using this whisk for over num_num years and love it .
this was my first venture into skyping wireless ,  and i love it .
i can really tell the difference that s why i love this krups grinder .
we bought an extra stainless steel cup for it .
i d definitely recommend this headset to anyone willing to spend a bit extra for a great product .
these screen protectors are great for the price .
to me it makes me excited for the future more than anything .
i love the fact that it s very sleek and really doesn t add that much more depth to the iphone .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
it works seamlessly with my phone s protective case as well .
however ,  overall this is really a great product .  .  . the mirror is excellent .
best of all i don t have to struggle with each hook every single day .
this is my second dustbuster and it s better than the first .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
this is well made ,  from italy and it works and does what it is supposed to .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
this product has truly stood the test of time with vigorous use and battery life .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
you won t be disappointed with the quality ,  power or its sleek look .
i wanted something that would be as good .
i would recommend buying a good quality popping corn .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
in about num_num minutes you ve got perfect poached eggs .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
this product is of good quality and comfortable to use .
there are only num_num of us so this is a great size with some left over . very sturdy .
nice to have in the kitchen and for all around use around the house .
i got this set about num_num years ago and we just love them .
i m very happy with it and would buy again .
this case is quite well designed and is a great accessory for my iphone .
they work very well to charge my samsung galaxy num_extend
pairing was a snap ,  super easy ,  turn them both on set search and done .
this is one of my favorite purchases from amazon .
i would recommend taking interior measurements before buying .
it s the best reviewed one on amazon at the time of writing this review and it works great .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
i would buy it again ,  it was worth the money .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
i would recommend the other device over this one for ease of use .
just wish i could find a good rack to put inside it that fits .
this works much better for spices that are crushed leaves .
i bought large buds on ebay for about num_num bucks and they are much better now .
these bags are priced so good ,  i have bought many online .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
of the other num_num grinders used previously ,  this one is the best . how is it the num_extend
the data cable works great when connected to the computer .
the only thing that i had to do was trim it a little bit but everything turned out great .
despite some negative reviews ,  this seemed to be the best choice for the price .
i bought several and keep them all over the house ,  especially the kitchen !  .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
the quality is great and i have no problems with them at all .
it fit my phone well and i would purchase it again .
this case is really pretty and very cute on your phone .
it keeps the beverages hot more than num_num hour .
gave it num_num stars because the product was genuine and works very well as described .
always use a sponge or a sponge brush . overall ,  i am very pleased with this purchase .
they are going to last a long time !  .
the anker for my note num_num is just as good as my oem battery and the price is fantastic .
will be buying these again once i use these up .
i have many of these albums that are over num_num years old and they have held up beautifully .
i would recommend this product for persons that like to bake .
it fits very well ,  even with the num_extend extended battery .
i personally think they are easy to use ,  i can get them on perfectly lined up with no bubbles .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
no worries though ,  amazon has an excellent product return service and you don t have to pay for the shipping .
wanted a grill because i love sandwiches and this is definitely worth the purchase .
i m very happy with this case and would recommend it to anyone .
i really love this my iphone doesn t slip out of my hand .
well made ,  and worth more than i paid for it .
a small design change would make this a great product !  .
this one seems to be more solidly built than some of the others in the same price range .
this screen protector for the samung galaxy num_extend worked very well on the phone .
it works great and the popcorn tastes like we remember as kids .
i have always wanted white corelle dinnerware and finally bought it .
when i turned my phone on ,  it was % something that cost $ it s well worth the price .
i ve had my toaster for several months now and all the darn thing does is make great toast .
after num_num weeks and about num_num loaves ,  i am very happy with the machine .
this product is made sturdy enough to last .
this is a nice neutral linen pattern that will go with any china .
it is beautiful !  num_num stars because i think it is expensive for what it is .
when i need a new set ,  i will definitely buy this pack again .
this trivet is very pretty but is smaller than i thought it would be .
we have had no problems with the juicer at all ,  it operates extremely well time after time .
i must say i really like this stylus .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
there are two things that i especially like .
there is one with a temp probe that i think would work best .
what a wonderful product for people that suffer from strength issues .
i purchased this item because the price was so great .
this is a very handy well designed little product .
i loved the starbucks coffee maker and i would say this is very comparable .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
they are way better than the motorola set and are so comfortable !  .
not with the presto ,  i made a few batches about num_num minutes apart and they came out perfect .
this case is very nice in its protection of the iphone num_extend
great servcie and will deal with them again .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
this is without a doubt the best peeler i ve ever used .
this came fast and have been able to use to protect the phone .
i contacted amazon and they were very good to work with and shipped me another set .
our old one gave up after num_num years and we are very happy with the new one .
this is a good product just as described .
i always have a fully charged battery when i need it .
i like the fact that it comes with num_num different sizes .
we purchased them in five different colors and also got the separate larger mug .
i will definitely buy this product again when i need to replace these .
this is one of those things that does what it says .
i am very pleased with this item and haven t experienced any of the problems others have mentioned .
after lots of experience discovered that you get the best results if you gently rotate the grinder while grinding .
my num_num year old does good with them ,  and i like to drink juice out of them as well .
i have had these before and they work well with my iphone .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works just as it is intended .
i recommend this ,  especially for first time users .
i would recommend this  :  to all who are in the market to purchase this type of product .
other than that i really like this product .
this is a pretty decent window fan though it can be a bit noisy .
so i purchased num_num sets of these and had our hired bartenders rinsing them as needed . i was very pleased .
i had a small issue that was my own fault and this company was outstanding with customer service .
i think i will be using it more than any other side decoration for cakes .
overall ,  takes a little getting used to ,  but i would recommend to a friend .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i recently bought this juicer after reading great reviews here ,  and i am not disappointed .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
i am very happy that i bought this coffee maker !  .
this is the most secure mount i ve ever used .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
my boys had these when they were younger ,  and they were a huge hit .
after using this for a while ,  it is really helpful .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
was looking for something to fit in my medium kamodoo style bbq grill ,  this fit perfectly .
this battery is much better than the stock one .
they are made in china but i have to give them credit for being well made .
this is for a real man to cook with .
for how i use this ,  i think it works great and would recommend it to anyone .
this thing is the best sound bluetooth device i have used so far .
i like the look and feel of this product .
and you can t beat that price with free shipping .
this is by far the best bluetooth headset i ve ever owned .
that seems to make the best coffee if i want flavored coffee  .
all in all ,  i m very happy with this device .
absolutely great buy ,  especially considering there s five of them .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
i must say they re awesome as they seal well ,  are magnetic ,  and actually vibrate with incoming calls .
i have num_num silpat sheets that i ve had for at least num_num years and love them .
i think that this whisk will last forever .
have only had it for num_num days but seems to work great so far .
great price and i will be buying again and again .
with that being said ,  it gets the job done .
because this is just a piece of plastic ,  i just trimmed it to fit perfectly .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
i ve only had these for num_num hours ,  but so far i am loving these headphones .
case works well ,  solid ,  hasn t cracked or chipped ,  the case is still in tact after num_num months use .
they were ok but this is even better .
i received this yesterday and am thrilled with the coffeemaker and frother .
great value ,  if you like to cut yours with a wire ,  but more than one .
at last i found a quality pot spoon like i remember from childhood .
very good case ,  super sturdy ,  would recommend to anyone .
i have been looking for the perfect case for the longest time and i finally found it .
i am very happy with this iphone cord .
i ve been using mine for about a month and i like it .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
i have been very happy with the experience so far .
this product is really good and easy to use .
this was the best case i have ever used .
i have more than enough to keep at home and take on the go or give away .
these screens work good with the iphone num_extend
take care of this board and it will last you a long time .
if you really want to keep your phone lookin new i highly recommend these .
it took be about num_num minutes ,  and i definitely recommend using a rubber mallet .
i ve owned the breville for about num_num months now and love it .
going on num_num years now with this great set !  .
this one is good stay away from the other .
after three days and forking out $ our machine is as good as new again .
i bought two of these for use in a tiny kitchen and they have made life easier .
i have tried every thin stylus sold by amazon and without a doubt this is the best .
he would never spend money on something like this for himself so i thought it was the perfect gift .
seems big but they cooked up just fine .
i love this tool i purchased from amazon .
i have purchased num_num of these knives so far and love everyone of them .
however ,  i was quite pleased with this purchase .
the first time i used this i loved it .
they help remove food from dishes well and still hold up with regular use .
this is great !  !  we ve used the pan about num_num times since getting it ,  and there are no issues .
this scoop is the best ice cream scoop ever .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
this cable seems to work better than other similar cables .
it is awesome not to have to boil water and wait what seems like forever .
it does this wonderfully . that s what it s for ,  it s not for soup or anything like that .
i am so impressed with this little sweeper .
this thing does so well i keep looking for new things to use it on .
i have used this case for over num_num months now and really like it .
these will go great with the other items that i already have .
i must say ,  i really loved this phone .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
this is my third speck iphone case ,  and they have all been great .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
i will definitely recommend this product to anyone s use .
have dropped this one several times ,  and it s still working so far .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
if you need a simple and durable basic function phone ,  i would highly recommend this product .
i have used this several times and it is a god send .
they are solid and not like the cheap stuff you find in the box stores .
i have had this unit for a month now and really like it .
my expectations have been met ,  so i would recommend this product .
i would recommend these to anyone looking for a set of portable headphones that don t have a cord .
i have tried several different stylus s and this is by far my favorite .
this little gem is going to travel with me all the time .
the price on this kit is good compared to others .
i have tried this knife at my kitchen for several months and it is a great tools .
this case also comes with a screen protector .
great im just getting fater thanks to this lol .  .  .  .  .  . fun to make and smells sooooo good .
they design and quality of the weight leads me to believe it will last a long time .
bought for my son almost num_num months ago and it still looks like new .
is nice and small and lasts slightly longer then the stock battery .
four months after purchasing ,  it is still performing like the day i got it !  .
have jack lalane and this is so much better .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
perfect for sugar or artificial sweetener packets ,  and in a color i love !  .
i have gone through many more expensive fancier tea kettles and this is my favorite .
i can t say enough good things about this norpro stainless steel colander .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i love being able to use these with my phone and num_extend player .
my husband surprised me with this and other than it s a little loud ,  it works like a champ .
i like this one because it s bigger than the usual square ones .
after num_num years with this cooker ,  used probably once a week average it has been great .
i am so happy with this product !  it makes ironing easier than with a cloth cover .
i ve owned one of these for about num_num years  and it still works  .
look great in the room and he says they are very comfortable .
pretty excited about how well this little phone case works .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
they are made well and should last a long time .
i will be buying more from this company .
i ve been using this everyday for num_num years and still works great .
i ve had it for a long time now and have no problems with it  :   very satisfied .
it actually fits alot inside ,  more than i thought .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
it is nice to know though that i have it if needed .
although other reviewers expected a larger spatula ,  the size is perfect for me .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
the pot is still in great shape after num_num or more years of use .
other than that i really like this product .
i m very pleased with the quality and the price of this pan .
i would recommend this product for what it is as well .
i ve been using this product for over a year with consistant ,  excellent results .
you pay more ,  but you definitely get what you pay for !  hope this helps you make your decision .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i love this product and would buy it again .
this is a nice little heater for what i paid $ but would not pay more than that .
its really easy to use my phone and i would recommend these .
it works well with a usb port that you plug into the wall or in your computer .
i have made two more since then and they were delicious .
i would recommend this to anyone who wants to protect their screen on their iphone .
i have had these for six months and they work as good as new .
i bought this due to raves in the customer column and was not disappointed .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
i gave this num_num stars because as with almost all fiesta ,  this piece is perfect .
i would buy it again and would recommend anyone to buy one too .
you can t can on this type of stove !  i found this out after several tries .
they have a nice weight to them that makes them feel balanced in your hand .
i ve tried this product and can verify that it does work quite well .
i love this thing !  it makes fantastic popcorn ,  kettle corn and cheesy corn too !  very easy to wipe clean .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
i also love that it doesn t have holes on the sides .
very sturdy and love the smaller food processor inside .
this is the best turner we ve had in the last num_num years .
this one works just like the original used to work .
all in all ,  i really like this thing and i would buy it again .
we probably eat healthier now because we have this !  .
i got this pan here on sale about num_num months ago and use it almost every day .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
this pot is shiny ,  holds the heat well ,  and heats evenly .
i will be purchasing another one for a gift .
i bought this for canning and found it more than worth the money .
this is a quality product from a known company .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
the good thing about white is that it goes with anything .
i m very happy with this case and would recommend it to anyone .
the best cases i have ever seen ,  easy ,  functional ,  and tough .
i would buy this product again and suggest it to my friends .
the handles are very comfortable and it is so easy to clean compared with other strainers .
if you use this type of tool on a regular basis you will find this to be the cadillac !  .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
which is what makes this piece even cooler .
i use this for my samsung galaxy num_extend and it works just fine .
i have an older model that i have had for about num_num years ,  and it is still going strong .
seems to offer so protection and i love the way they did the buttons .
the mesh in the filter works great and only a very small amount of sediment gets through .
i love this colander !  it s a very high quality at a lot less price than in local stores .
you just have to keep spritzing until it is the right amount .
overall this case does its job well without adding a ton of bulk .
there is just something comforting about cooking in a cast iron skillet .
colors are bright and vibrant ,  and case is very durable .
this was worth what i paid for it .
its a must have if you don t get the bigger battery with a bigger back .
ordered this hoping it would work for my nexus num_num and it is working great .
this is my replacement ,  and it s even better built than the first .
i like the look and feel of this product .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
when you have a fresh bag you can seal it about an inch or less from the top .
this item arrived quickly and was packed well .
other than that i am very happy with it !  very nice especially for the price !  .
noise level is very reasonable; the charge lasts up to num_num minutes or so of continuous use .
i got it num_num days after i ordered it and it s really good .
i am very impressed by this company s excellent customer service .
i also received it much sooner than was expected .
this one is good stay away from the other .
as other reviewers have mentioned ,  it creates very fine strips of whatever s being grated .
bought this based on the high recommendation by american test kitchen .
looks like this guy put his name on a winner that will also last a while .
also proved good on the area rugs . i am happy with this product .
they adhere to your phone screen really well and last a long time .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
what more do you really want from it ?  it s as good as the original ,  as it is oem .
i have owned this bread maker for num_num years and really love it .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
they re heavier than i expected and seem to be well constructed .
i am glad i bought this battery at this price .
i see a lot of reviews that say this is the best case they have tried .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
other than that ,  this is a very good case and a great value for your money .
this cast iron grill pan is the way to go and amazon is the place to purchase it .
good price point on this unit ,  i was happy with my purchase .
i m very happy i bought this phone and would buy it again .
these stands make the room look a lot better .
this is the best price for num_extend with two num_extend ports .
i would definitely buy more from this company .
works plenty good . i would agree with other reviewers that there is a tiny bit of technique .
just make sure you re following the directions properly ,  and that everything is nice and fresh .
seems to work just as good as the original battery .
this product does the job and is fairly priced .
therefore i was looking for something that i can safely spray onto the pan ,  and this is perfect .
but this product seems to be a great idea and functions just how i wanted .
i love this case !  it looks much better in person .
so far i haven t used them for anything else ,  but i am very happy with them .
i really recommend everyone to get this product .
for the first month it seems to be exactly what we wanted .
the card will work with many other types of cell phones as well .
i can definitely charge both my ipad and ipod at the same time .
this coffee maker does what it says it will do .
they fit together solid ,  and would be hard to break ,  even if you stepped on them by accident .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
they had me worried when i read that but the frother does its thing with total ease .
i need to make the best of the space i do have and this organizer helps me do that .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
they are very well made knives ,  but costly .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
i ve bought several of these over the years in large and small sizes and they re all in great shape .
this car cord works well when charging my samsung galaxy num_extend or my palm pre num_extend
i got the magpul quality i have come to expect .
really ,  this is the best grater i ve ever used .
i have this same griddle  it s about num_num years old  and also love the product .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
i have owned this product now for over a month and it is still working .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
my experience with this particular bodum santos product is overall positive .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
i have gotten a few of these screen protectors .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
i also like that it protects my screen in the closed position .
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
the product arrived within num_num days and it is in perfect condition ,  just how it looks on the website .
this came fast and have been able to use to protect the phone .
i get the best results by rinsing the rice several times before i cook it .
i m very pleased with this item ,  as i have been with everything else i ve gotten from oxo .
that said ,  even with the existing shape choices ,  this product is superb .
they would have been worth the full price ,  but i sure love a bargain .
the colors were a little different from the picture but i still enjoy the colors .
i have had it for about num_num month now and i am very pleased with it .
other than that ,  it goes easily in and out of pockets ,  so i d definitely recommend this product .
i have used mine to store asparagus with the ends in water to keep it fresh .
i have had an excellent experience with this headset .
and they are far superior than anything you can buy at walmart .
it s great to have something simple that keep those edges really ,  really sharp .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
i could have bought it for cheaper ,  but it still works good and i m happy with it .
i would highly recommend this type as well as this brand .
i even take this one camping with me .
this product does its job and yet affordable .
i think this product is great and i would recommend it .
just got the black and white zebra print case .
if you have multiple devices that you use ,  this is perfect .
it is a good thing amazon has a good return policy .
good luck ,  i am sure you will enjoy this as much as i have .
nothing special about this product ,  but the seller shipped it fast and at a good price .
first of all ,  this thing is solid and heavy .
this set is great  though over the years it seems like they made the plates thinner  .
this is the best turner we ve had in the last num_num years .
i ordered this product for my daughter and she has enjoyed it very much .
we ve had this coffee maker for about a week and we re very happy with it .
so far ,  it is holding my kitchen towel very well reliably   num_num weeks now  .
this charger is so much better than the charger my phone came with .
i heard a lot of good things about this case ,  so i decided to give it a try .
i usually make one cup for myself and it is perfect for that .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
and the price is right !  !  the reason i did not give it num_num stars was the  thick slice  side .
i will probably be buying more of these soon .
i bought this in num_num and i think it s great .
i think this product would do the job !  .
they were right .  .  . very good peeler that will last a long time .
i decided to splurge and it is different than any other bt ear piece i ve had .
i have never seen a butter dish anywhere that i like as much as this one .
i would recommend this product to others for repair of their screen .
i really like them and would recommend them over plastic .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
i would recommend this case if you have an atrix .
they were a big hit !  great for small details .
but it works fine for small items like eggs .
still ,  i expect you will find this is the best can opener you have ever used .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
if you are looking for an easy way to store open wine bottles ,  i highly recommend this product .
i am really pleased with this coffee machine .
what a nice surprise !  i am very pleased with this wok after using it several times .
this plantronics num_extend is simply the best unit i have ever used .
not sure what else to say other than its great !  !  .
overall this is a great product and a great value .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
the cable is longer than other cables which is very handy .
but that ,  to quote martha ,  is a good thing .
i d happily buy this again and recommend it to friends and family members .
other than that ,  i really like this popper .
i have been using the bb curve for the last year ,  and this is a huge step up .
i would rate this product worth at least $
they were nice ,  and they sent me replacement screws for free !  i had them in two days !  .
this is my third speck iphone case ,  and they have all been great .
the little bit of twist makes them more unique than other chopsticks yet they are still easy to use .
i ordered two of these racks and think they are fine .
if you love good movie type popcorn then this is the piece of equipment that you need .
however this is a great product that applies easily .
also very portable i tale it with me all the time .
i only have experience with this juicer model and think it does the best job around .
after having this for a month or so ,  i absolutely love it .
we ve had this mixer in red color now for over num_num months and is going well .
other than that ,  this is a great product !  .
got these today ,  charged them up and they paired pretty easily with my iphone num_extend
i have been told by many people that the sound is incredible compared to their bluetooth headphones .
so far they have been wonderful !  the sound quality is good and the volume is very loud .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
i have been using this brush every day and it looks and wears very well .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
i bought this for my son since he is on the road a lot .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
this is a fine product but the handle is a bit thin .
big shiny handle with red tip makes it easy to find in num_extend
this is an all around good value for your money .
i really like the wooden handles of cc so much better than other synthetic handles .
overall i am happy to have chosen this over any other screen protectors out in the market .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
this is by far the best whisk i have ever owned .
if you have a great quality tablet this will work .
i really like it and it comes with everything in the picture but there are a few num_extend
funny to write a review on this but it s a good timer for the price .
should have gotten this a long time ago !  !  !  you will really love it ,  too !  .
it takes a long time to ship ,  but that s worth it if you are not in a hurry .
this is the best case you could possibly buy for your iphone .
i decided to keep this product because i love it ,  love it .
i was surprised at the quality of this product .
i love everything about them other than they re fairly heavy ,  but they re big ,  too ,  and sturdy .
it s smaller than i anticipated but is pretty and holding up well .
this does a great job filtering the water for my num_extend but it doesn t last very long .
i bought this for the num_extend food prep cuisinart and it works great .
they look like they will hold up well .
so far i like this one the best . the settings are easy to scroll through and it s simple to use .
there is a nice selection and they are well made .
it perfect for all users and we all love this item and would recommend this to anyone to purchase .
i ve had this case for a couple of months and it s wearing well .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
don t know what i would do without this case love love love it .
i haven t used this too much thus far ,  but i m very pleased with it .
i am so glad that i got this kettle and definitely give it num_num stars .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
we insist on drinking our favorite coffee each morning .
i bought this because of all the good reviews after having read all the cautious reviews .
i absolutely feel these are the best protectors i have ever used .
it gives me peace of mind in case i get stuck away from the house !  .
other than this ,  i find this to work very well .
if you love a rich ,  robust cup of coffee ,  buy this .
seems like this is one of the only cast iron brands that you can buy ,  they ve done it right !  .
the food processor that goes with this blade is the best i have ever purchased .
if you read the other reviews they state that the coffee is the perfect temperature and i agree %
i love it that i don t have to worry about scratching the phone up ,  also .
we have used it several times and cleanup is easy .
both seem to work well . i am happy with this phone and have no regrets .
i ve used it for over num_num years and love it .
and the price is so much better than getting it direct from manufacturer .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
use this every morning now for my coffee .
while they may not be as good as your best set of cans ,  they are perfectly fine .
the best thing about this mixer is the bowl cover .
wish i could give more details ,  but it seems to be working out for us .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
this was easy enough to put together and seems to be very sturdy .
pretty fast charging ,  actually ,  when plugged into the wall .
i ve had this pot more than num_num years ,  and it still looks new .
the mat made it easy to get a spatula under the shape and onto the cookie sheet .
i loved this product  i ve upgraded to an num_extend so i can no longer use it  .
it s more convenient than the stovetop and very safe when it comes to pouring the hot water out vs .
the shipment was on time ,  and i am happy with the product .
as the reviews have stated ,  this is a high quality product .
the lid does fit properly on the base ,  which i also checked due to other reviews .
can t say enough good things about this machine .
bought this to use with galaxy note and can confirm that it works .
after only num_num minutes i had some of the most amazing ice cream i have ever had .
i just got mine and as luck has it i came across a deal on some chicken breast .
that is to say that it does much better than the glass french press .
overall i would say this is a good sharpener for this price .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
okay ,  so i m completely satisfied with it and it works well after num_num months .
it grinds beans in any one of several grinds ,  and then cleans up easily .
we just replaced it with the same model ,  and it too works great .
i love my hot tea and hot chocolate and this boils your water in a jiff .
the utensils that came with the set are also very nice .
been baking for over num_num years and never had a pastry cutter ,  bought this one and love it .
this is so much better than the cheap plastic ones .
i ve been using this travel mug for over a year and a half now and it s excellent .
i have used this case for over num_num months now and really like it .
this one was the best item that i could buy in this price .
works well and charges my num_extend around num_num times per full charge .
i thought this was a really good price .
the blade is thick and feels solid with only a slight flex ,  like it should .
i found the stainless steel bowls with plastic lids to be very useful .
i am glad that i purchased this to go with my new phone .
i really like this and would recommend it !  .
i went through motorolas on a yearly basis before i found this .
keeps coffee hot for more than an hour .
these measuring cups are easy to use and easy to clean .
sooooo much better than my old plastic one .
simply put ,  this thing makes a great cup of coffee .
buy this !  i ve used it for three years with gourmet results .
this was a good buy for me ,  i really like this product .
and it really does work as well as you would expect too .
definitely would recommend this item to my friends .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
i am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i ve been using this several times a week for the last num_num months ,  and it s been excellent .
this is a well made and nice looking product ,  something i truly love about kitchenaid .
after opening the box i was impressed with the weight of the pieces .
this product is well built and i am very satisfied .
this is definitely my pick in this market and there is very little i would change on it .
as the other reviewers have commented ,  this table cloth is simply beautiful .
i called my work voicemail and left a message to hear what it sounded like ,  and was equally happy .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
will continue to get this one in the future .
it is much better than the other brand .
overall ,  i would say this is a good product for what it is .
i have found that i do use all num_extend
i like it the first time i used it .
this lodge skillet is great as usual and i have never had any issue with any of lodge s products .
i hope this one lasts longer than the other .
they are very little work and the result is amazing .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
she loves hers too !  i would recommend buying this mixer .
this charger has worked well and will charge both my ipad and iphone or other usb powered devices .
other than that ,  i am very pleased with this product .
this feels to me like the ultimate pizza stone !  love it !  .
gives me more control than just using the pressure gauge .
the price is great and they are very storng and sturdy . yes ,  buy these you will love them too .
i have to remove the case to charge it but other than that it s great .
made is usa !  price was right free with num_num for num_num promo !  .
it could be they might even have some fun making waffles .
the pitcher is sturdy ,  and it can actually hold a little bit more than num_num quarts .
my experience with this oster bread maker has been excellent  for the num_num year that it functioned  .
i know lots of people write this in their review ,  but it s really true for me .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
i read in another review they recommend this cover .
pretty excited about how well this little phone case works .
this is one of the best pans i have ever owned .
so far i am very pleased with this coffee pot .
it will hold up well for a long time .
i would recommend this case to anyone who s looking for a thin sleek case .
plus its very easy to remove from the pocket . fashionable + functional !  .
i ve had this for about num_num months now and it works great .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
this is great !  this is the best peeler i have ever purchased .
i can see how i would want to own and treasure these for a lifetime .
i am very pleased with the purchase and would buy from this company again .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
used it a few times and am highly satisfied with the results .
i bought this after reading a review in cook s illustrated .
overall ,  i was so pleased with this product that i bought another set for my mom s droid num_extend
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
sounds great ,  looks great ,  comes with many good accessories ,  but the battery is only num_num hours long .
i really didn t need this ,  but enjoy having it now that i do .
worked great for the three months that it functioned .
i got these and they were just as expected .
i have had this machine for about num_num days and i am thrilled with it .
i have two cell phones and it is connected to both at all times .
i purchased this item because the price was so great .
this is by far the best set of knives that i have ever owned .
just made a perfect phone better with this battery .
it tastes fresh and hot for at least num_num hours .
the product was shipped quickly and arrived in excellent condition .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
every time i buy a kitchen appliance ,  i wonder ,   will it work without wheat ?   this does so ,  beautifully .
this is definitely henckels quality and a good size for a variety of kitchen tasks .
i have num_num silpat sheets that i ve had for at least num_num years and love them .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
i took the chance with this unit and was surprised on how much i enjoy juicing now .
after several weeks of use it is holding up well .
my first thought was that i would use it for pancake batter so i did and it worked great .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
well ,  they are made much nicer than the ones that came with the mixer i have .
these work as well as any other screen protectors .
overall i was very pleased with the doro num_num black phone with consumer cellular service  no contract  .
this really should have come with the phone ,  but since it didn t ,  this is a good buy .
i love this phone cause i have at least num_num people a day say they love my case .
the method does really give you an excellent cup of coffee every time .
great charger for qi enabled phones !  we use this with num_num nexus num_num devices and num_num nexus num_extend
after reading the reviews ,  i ordered one for myself . the delivery was fast which i really appreciate .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i would recommend it to anyone who wants one .
has a solid feel ,  looking forward to using this knife for many years to come .
purchased this product for my son who works in a loud environment and works out all the time .
i like a lot !  the color ,  the way of charge my iphone num_extend in only few minutes .
i definitely would purchased from this seller again .
the feel of the handle along with the finger protector help make this at the top .
i like this product enough that i will be purchasing another .
the product arrived within num_num days and in good order .
haven t used it much for other things but for this ,  i like it .
i have had several different brands and these are just the best .
but ,  this machine made such great bread that i was sold .
nice size handle to hold onto to cut my pie crust strips .
this one is good stay away from the other .
this is the best purchase i have made this year !  .
i ve been baking for over num_num years and know a good pan when i see one .
i have one for my phone and it has paid for itself many times over .
each case showed quite of bit of wear after about a year ,  other than that it was great !  .
i ve been using this phone case for over a week now and i love it .
i would buy this one again in a heart beat .
i purchased num_extend num_num for each car and they work great .
have had this on for about num_extend years now ,  and it still looks great .
thought they might be a little bigger ,  but work just fine .
they have retained their sharp edge and perform very well .
i definitely love mine a must have these days .
will keep them as a place to shop .
it will fit into your pocket with ease .
i am delighted with this board and am so looking forward to making christmas cookies on it !  !  .
then chances are that this charger will work for you .
i like that this product is so quiet .
this is a high quality set and worth the money .
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking to bake smaller goods !  .
however ,  it makes a great beer and comes with bottles that make for easy storage .
am definitely buying this screen protector for my wife s phone .
love the case that came with the package .
as others have said ,  the magnets on these little clips are really strong .
but they cook evenly and do exactly what they are supposed to .
you can believe the description of this product .
these were a gift to my daughter especially for her christmas biscuits .
this is a nice charger that works perfectly with the iphone num_extend
i have a feeling that these will last forever .
it was a pretty case and it will help keep my phone from damage .
this has great grip ,  great balance  it looks like it should be off but it s not  .
i also order some finger less gloves to go along with this ,  makes it a perfect fit .
they have a very smooth mechanism and feel nice in the hand .
i have owned many dustbusters over the years ,  and by far ,  this is the best one yet .
in fact this dryer works so well that we bought another for our rental unit .
i d recommend these to anyone who needs a decent of bluetooth headphones without breaking the bank .
i m using this product past num_num months and its b ful and awesome sound quality .
this product fits great and is as described and easy to install .
i have always found pyrex to be a work horse and never had one fail .
based on user reviews and the overall design i thought this would be the winner .
i read all the reviews and based my decision on the great reviews this product got .
this product is the best mandolin i ve tried so far .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
we have been exceptionally pleased with this product and have not had any mechanical problems .
and they all fit in this nicely with the piece that adjusts in the back .
this is the best screen protector that i have had for any phone .
i recommend this item to any one who needs protection for the iphone num_num series .
it also has a belt case if you still like that .
i would love it so much more if it was more resistant to food sticking .
you can easily work out with them and they will stay in .
this product did what it is intended for .
if you want security then this product is definitely worth purchasing .
until then we are happy with these batteries and a little more life .
i got this little machine when it first came on the market .
this is well worth the different in price from the non pro version .
it doesn t take up much space and does exactly what it should .
i have been using this knife for num_num months and i am really pleased with it .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
even without mods ,  this looks like the best one .
also ,  it s nice to have num_num in a pack ,  just in case you mess up or want to replace .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
this size is particularly useful ,  it s on the counter or in the sink more than it s in the block .
love the power this charger has and charges super quick my samsung galaxy num_extend
a few uses ,  and you will be a pro . this is one knife we will have for a long time .
i used this pan as i do any other sheet pan and it baked extremely well .
yes ,  it does feel like the play doh fun factory for adults .
i really liked this one for my wife s phone .
i have never purchase anything like this and would highly recommend it to anyone .
she has used this product multiple times and loves the divider .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
these work well as spares and a person just needs spares .
however ,  this one is a keeper and goes with other dishes i own .
i have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit .
very happy for the price i paid from amazon compared to the price they sell in the stores .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i do like that is it well made and easy to clean .
i have the iphone num_extend and it works well with it .
i would recommend this for anyone that wants that fresh ground pot of coffee in the morning .
this bowl is a nice stainless steel bowl .
my son bought this one for his apartment and we have a full size one .
i ve had this set for num_num months now ,  and am very happy with it .
overall ,  i like this product and it s good for the price .
as others have said ,  it s pretty quiet ,  compared to my previous one ,  and does a pretty good job .
it arrived and looked and assembled just like the picture which made me very happy .
even num_num stars is less to describe this product . always perfect rice .
i bought this for my num_num year daughter for her ipod touch and she loves it .
i am overall very pleased with this item .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
i bought these to use with my silpats ,  and they fit together perfectly .
i ve used other car sockets but this is a first for me .
it is just what i was looking for in style and design .
it is well made and fits securely over the num_extend
this came very quickly and i actually like this better than i thought would .
this is probably one of the best things i have purchased in a long time .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
i ve been using this device for about num_num months and i absolutely love it .
i am happy to have purchased this pitcher ,  also it s less than num_num dollars a real bargain i think .
i love this product and have no issues .
who knew ? apart from that ,  it s a very nice mount for my num_extend generation ipod touch .
customer service at sena is great and if you have a problem they will fix it .
these batteries last long ,  and the price on the is amazing .
i also like that this one comes with num_num stoppers .
the only problem is that it is not hot pink ,  it s more purple than pink but it s still cute .
so if your looking for a change sure i would recommend this .
i would suggest it to anyone who has a food saver system .
if that weren t enough ,  it s also the best sounding headset i ve ever heard .
i will never give this mixer up it s great for everything .
simple sturdy product that does what its supposed to .
by the way ,  the body glove i ordered from amazon is fantastic .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
i figured i would use a slotted spoon ,  but the skimmer makes it to much easier when frying .
i have had two other food processors and this one is better by far in every way .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
this case fits perfectly on the iphone num_extend
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
im going to have to buy more of these ,  they hold up well , i am happy with them .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i purchased these a few months ago and they seem to be holding up well .
i purchased this platter num_num years ago and it has held up nicely .
after reading reviews i ordered this mandoline which has turned out to be a very good purchase .
i found one on amazon and ordered to see whether it would make a difference .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
this seems to be a high quality product at a very reasonable price .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
i just love this pan .  .  . and am shocked that amazon no longer sells it .
i purchased this food processor about num_num months ago and i m still loving it .
the nice thing about this battery in my case ,  is that it came fully charged and ready to use .
i am happy with the pot ,  but haven t been as impressed with this line of cuisinart cookware .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
even after hundreds of uses ,  this pan still looks almost as new as the day i bought it .
i love mine and owned it for num_num years now .
this is a style that i really like .
still giving num_num stars because overall this is a great product i would not want to be without now .
good deal for the price !  !  my phone charges up really fast .
it looks good on my counter ,  and doesn t take up much space .
the portability that comes with this style plug .
this is just as good as the original cartridge that came with the faucet unit .
i have used the product for num_num years ,  still works like new .
for the most part this works very well .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
it has many positive reviews so i thought i couldn t go wrong .
i just read the instructions ahead of time and found all the pieces .
best of all it keeps my phone from being hot on my face for long calls .
this coffee maker has worked well so far  a few weeks  .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i really like this package of num_num chargers because of the price .
this phone does everything well ,  and nothing great .
i like it so much i gave num_num of them as gifts last christmas .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
been using it for about num_num months now and it stills looks as cute as ever !  !  .
it looks good on the phone with no bubbles and it doesn t feel like its there .
but for my uses ,  this grinder is perfect . i gave it num_num stars because cleaning is kind of a pain .
i love this guy i actually bought another one of these  a larger size  .
this little gadget is well worth the money .
would highly recommend this product for those big icing jobs !  .
am definitely buying this screen protector for my wife s phone .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
we are pleased with it so far after a couple of months .
this case is just a little larger then i expected ,  which is a great thing for me .
it does almost everything i need a hands free kit to do .
bought this now that i love drinking wine .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
it is great for zesting ,  i really don t think you can get better than this at that task .
my son needed a case that would work with his speaker dock ,  and this one does the job .
the new sealing ring is a wonder all by its self when compared to the ones of the num_extend
these are great headphones ,  but they take a little getting use to  my first pair of bluetooth headphones  .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
the buttons all align properly with my iphone num_extend and it both improves grip and protects from drops .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
i love this product !  works perfect for my iphone num_extend
update may num_num num_extend going strong ,  still looks good ,  is holding up well .
this is one of the more noticeable areas of improvement over num_extend
i received a new work phone and it is my first experience with the iphone series .
i m very ,  very happy with it and only wish i d found the le creuset brand before now .
i would still order from this vendor again !  !  .
that being said this is a good compromise between protection and thickness .
this pasta machine set works !  i was hesistant to buy based on other reviews .
i ve had this for about a month and i love it !  it was easy to put together .
i really must say that this is one of the best iphone num_extend cases out there .
i have num_num of these bookcases ,  and i m very happy with this .
i have never been a cuisinart fan but they got it right with this one .
we have well water and filtering it makes it taste that much better .
it is universal and will work with any phone .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
however my case screen was cracked but my phone was in good condition so i would highly recommend it .
this is the best headset i have ever used .
i have not heard anything wrong with it so i think it works just fine .
this is a huge feature that i d almost given up num_extend
i have found that i really like this soap dispenser .
i think most people will be happy with this for their phone .
have been using this headset num_num years and it works great .
this is a thing that i like so much i m thinking of buying a third .
there are a lot of things to love about this pan .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
this is really worth your time and $
very handy ,  and a deep enough bowl that they can actually be used for serving ,  too .
when you switch it on ,  it makes a lovely welcome sound .
what a difference ! the newer version is much more substantial than the old one .
they are as happy with this blender as i have been .
it s the best you can get for this price range .
they worked great to keep the wine bottles cooled once they were opened .
i purchased these because of the nice variety and size of the shapes .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
other than that problem this product is great .
this is a nice stock pot ,  especially for the price .
this does the job of grinders that cost more than double .
this is hands down the best peeper i ve ever owned .
this otterbox commuter series case is the best iphone case i ve ever owned .
i am as pleased as i could possibly be with this product and can t recommend it highly enough .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
i like it much better than geting dog step as they take up too much room .
this case has a cute design and the black grips allows you to hold it firmly .
i do recommend this product and the seller for prompt delivery .
this is a really great phone that won t  break the bank  .
this is the best feeling knife i ve owned and i have owned many expensive ones .
i love how fast i can make things with this mixer .
i was able to start using this right out of the box .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
these have already been broken and in and i am happy with their quality .
i have purchased three other hand vacs and this one is the best .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone num_extend
i highly recommend this coffeemaker to those who truly appreciate the great taste of coffee .
this pan with it s low sides is a little unusual ,  but works better than a lot of other pans .
the handle is comfortable and the swivel head makes peeling go much faster .
i bought this product on accident but it works great !  !  !  i would definitely purchase again .
after using it for a month now ,  i can easily say it is worth the money .
this case came in original packaging  ,  and is a great case .
i also like that they make cake serving easy ,  because of the light waxy coating on them .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
i purchased this food processor about num_num months ago and i m still loving it .
i like the spoons so much ,  i m planning to order the cups . you won t be disappointed with the spoons !  .
i bought this for my sister and she loved it .
i bought this pan a couple of months ago ,  and i ve found it very handy .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
bought this for my girlfriend s galaxy num_extend and it has been a life saver .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
but you know what ?  i got this item again and i m still very happy .
i bought this one for my so for christmas because he was so impressed with my anker num_extend
been using a ceramic hario for a while now ,  and have always been pleased with the results .
the filters are pretty good and i don t find that i have to replace them but every num_num months .
great price and the product looks like the picture .
if you use these sorts of things a bit ,  worth buying a set .  .  . lots of different sizes .
this machine works really well and really fast ,  and is easy to use .
i couldn t be happier with the sound quality .
i ve used these lids before and they seal well .
this is a high quality can opener and i have now used for a long time .
however ,  i think it appears to be well made ,  is easy to use and clean .
love these things !  they look very nice and are easy to read ! not much more to say .
in direct light ,  this product certainly does the trick and deflects the light away .
they re a little pricey but you get a quality product for that price .
i have had no problems with this coffeemaker ,  it makes great coffee .
guess i ll have to order another one !  they said they are a great rosette set .
this was made to work ,  and it does .
it comes apart to easily clean ,  and stores well in its original box .
good for those people who have num_num different types of cell phones to keep charged .
i have a lot of apple products that i sync .
still like it though and it does have a num_num year warranty .
i researched a lot of wheatgrass juicers before purchasing this one and i am very happy with my decision .
i m so glad that i found these jars here in amazon .
this one actually weights something and works much better than the ones we had .
just the right size for cookies ,  meatballs etc . would recommend and purchase again .
need something larger and this fits my needs perfectly .
i love this product !  so far so good .
sure it would be good with other foods too .
these mugs are just what i asked for .
i ve been using this for a few week s ,  and it does a nice job .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i have tried the wired fm transmitters and i must say that this one is awesome to be wireless .
if you serve cube sugar you will probably find this to be perfect .
i ve squeezed about a hundred lemons with this thing and it works great .
so make sure you buy a few packs of these especially for the price .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
i like the fact that this product is clear .
i bought this for my daughters num_extend and it seems to work good ,  her num_extend player isn t broke .
this car kit was highly recommended to me by many people .
oh ,  well ,  why not right ?  totally worth $ highly recommend this product !  .
the chocolate chip recipe has made me a legend .
there is much to like about this headset .
this set of num_num boards are very nice for the price .
you will be very pleased with this tool .
this is just the best zester ,  works better than many others .
this is slim ,  well cut ,  and fits like a glove .
this item definately makes the coffee taste better .
it is easy to clean up and looks beautiful too !  should have bought this set sooner .
good sturdy construction with a metal inside not the cheap plastic .
i bought this breadmaker since it seemed to have the most good reviews ,  and i have not been disappointed .
these are a great add on for the samsung galaxy tab num_num num_extend
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i ordered num_num sets of these and is one of the best purchases i have ever made .
these were a great price and well worth my time and money !  .
i really wanted a flush charger for my car and this product was perfect .
it s easy to clean and i would recommend this pot .
it has been very reliable . the two shortcomings of this machine have been noted by other reviewers .
we both have iphones that and we like to keep them charged .
i m completely satisfied with this product and look forward to grinding fresh beans first thing in the morning .
this product does an excellant job on bacon .
i went with this one ,  it s smallish ,  but powerful .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
only used a couple of weeks but love it .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
this headset does everything they say it does well .
after searching through the amazon site i was happy to see the num_extend as a perfect replacement .
what makes this mixer even better are the additional attachments .
i looked all over the internet and am very pleased with the hamilton beach choice .
num_extend usb car charger adapter num_num samsung htc iphone ipod  . work very well .
they look nice on the table and have a nice heft as you hold them .
love these cases purchased one in about num_num different colors .
they re a nice smooth wood so i don t worry about pieces of wood coming off in the food .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a bluetooth headset without spending too much !  .
we love this product ,  it has saved us a lot of time .
this is still the same great quality that i have had over the years with other lodge items .
the magnetic cover works too; most don t stay closed .
my first set is about num_num years old and looks as good as my num_extend set .
i have hardwood floor and it just goes right over them with great suction .
it was a good case for the money ,  i would recommend this case .
i didn t buy it until recently and now i see why everyone likes this knife .
only num_num at home anymore . i love that this is made of stainless steel .
this product is like  permanent foil  in my opinion ,  and really does the job it was made for .
you can even charge it while its in this case .
i recommend this product as well as this seller .
great customer service in trying to help with my situation .
other than that i don t have any problem with this extremly well made product . belkin keep up the great work !  !  .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
but this phone has more appeal than num_extend and has better more smooth graphics .
the pan was solid and seems like it will last for years .
i filled the rack up with bottles of wine and it is very sturdy .
this was probably the best phone case i ve ever owned .
i contacted them about it ,  and they were very friendly .
i have solved the kitty litter problem with this amazing sucking vacuum .
i really did like this product . it is super strong and my phone has yet to break .
this phone is reliable ,  even though i have crashed it more then once ,  okay a lot more .
this container is perfect for a num_num pound bag of sugar .
this motorola made charger does a great job of charging my phone .
i love it !  going to be buying several more for gifts . i ve had this for about num_num months now .
this is a great case for the note num_extend
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
everything else about it is wonderful minus that bolt issue .
you also have a very nice num_num year limited warrantee that comes with it .
i am pleased with these shears in every way .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i would recommend this model honeywell product without hesitation .
worked like a charm and did what it said it would do .
so much easier than trying to cut the carrot with your knife .
will buy from this seller again when i need more filters .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
these are pretty nice for what they are .
so far this battery has worked very well .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
works great ,  easy to clean ,  but i have not had it long enough to judge quality .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
this one is the best i have used it many many times and it is just wonderful .
there is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well .
they don t break and that is the most important thing .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
i guess for the price i shouldn t be but i have to admit ,  this is one nice mixer .
this is probably one of the nicer cases i have owned .
comes with extra wires so that is nice .
we need these daily and they work fine for us .
they look nice on the table and have a nice heft as you hold them .
i like that you access the phone without having to flip it open .
these products are very well made ,  and work better than expected .
it s a nice little fan but i think i should have gotten a more powerful one .
i ve run this through the dish washer probably like num_num times since i bought it and its still sharp .
i would recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
they have a nice weight to them when you re holding a glass in your hand .
this device has been a great addition to our num_extend iphone num_extend
over all i like this product for the size and extended power it provides .
it still looks like the day that i got it .
android is loaded with tons of features to let you change your own experience with the phone .
they have a very nice polished appearance and yes ,  fingerprints will be left on them .
i would like to add ,  it s very well made and will most likely last for years .
so glad they have continued manufacturing this product !  .
this is a must at an extremely reasonable price !  shipping is more than the product .
this is great !  i should have bought one of these years ago .
i have tried numerous stylus  and i find this is one of the better ones .
my heartfelt thanks to the other reviewers who recommended these !  .
i didnt know tht so i was very happy about that .
there s nothing wrong with them ,  and they are a good size with comfortable handles .
i recommend using an eq on your num_extend player to help it out . + build quality .
i love this ,  i bought num_num of these .
i ve used these lids before and they seal well .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
i ve had it now for about num_num months and it still is holding up well with average usage .
i can t believe the quality of the photos taken with this fisheye .
i have seen much cheaper imitations of these at stores and have been very pleased with everyone of them .
this thickness makes them a slightly heavier glass that feels really durable .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
it was also easy to pair it to my samsung galaxy num_extend phone .
she has used this product multiple times and loves the divider .
the fact that it comes with so much makes it unlike any other .
pair this with a kitchen scale to weigh your meat and your burgers will be perfect every single time .
quite pleased and have been purchasing these bags for some time .
i buy them and give them to my family members as presents and they love them too !  .
i am very satisfied with this well made and well designed product .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
works pretty good ,  it has a clicking sound when you first turn it on ,  but no big deal .
you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
this product does what it says it does .
this fits and looks like the original cover .
these were a huge improvement just on the fact that they re new .
i have been using them and love them .
the first case was for the iphone num_extend and it held up great .
this one is by far the most expensive but so glad that it was worth the money .
this product is well built and i am very satisfied .
it works well and i d give it num_num stars if it weren t so loud .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
i love it and it is easy on and easy off with out feeling like it will break .
it is smaller than thought ,  but it works well nevertheless .
this is really amazing how it protects your phone from getting wet .
these headphones are really inexpensive and they have not disappointed me so far .
i absolutely love the heavy duty bottom ,  sturdy construction and the extra colander that comes with it .
my wife and i got married about a year and a half ago .
i ve been using this for a couple of months and it works just fine .
i even use it for steaks done on the range and get perfectly done medium rare every single time .
it charges fine ,  better than my original and better than expected .
i would recommend trying it especially since it is so inexpensive .
i will be using this all the time .
has good read distance from the transmitter to the remote unit .
loved my first one so much ,  i decided to get me another .
i work as a line cook ,  num_num hours a day ,  and this knife has made that experience much better .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
the overall quality of the cable is good .
as usual this is the very best coffee pot .
this worked just as the one that came with the phone .
they have a bit of a sharp edge to them .
i have had this coffee pot for about num_num years now and love the way it works .
i like the fact that this is also a stand and a cover with a belt clip .
i love pyrex products ,  and this one does not disappoint .
it fits perfectly ,  does exactly what it is supposed to do .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
it s as good as my original tubes that i purchased num_num years ago .
it is well made and once it is snapped together will not accidently come apart .
overall ,  i am very satisfied with this product .
she loves them .  .  . they work very well for the things she uses them for .
it is much lighter and fits much better than the num_extend
i love these colorful bag clips as they are also have magnets to keep them handy .
this case has saved my phone from many a fall .
it s easy to use and take apart for cleaning .
it was a good deal and i would do business again with this seller .
i have worn this on my belt daily for num_num months and it has held up very well .
i have been using it for almost num_num months and it is perfect .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat .
it works just like it should and i really have no complaints .
i have been using this whisk for over num_num years and love it .
it also functions well as a serving bowl for pasta and mashed potatoes .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
it handles well and opens a can with very little effort .
this cable seems to work better than other similar cables .
as others have noted ,  they re tough ,  and they have great heat conductivity .
this is very simple ,  but i like it that way .
about num_num hours later you have a delicious loaf of bread .
seen some at ross s and they have ones made in china .
i recommend and would buy again from them .
i have tried other external chargers ,  but the anker seems to be the best .
bought this as a gift and this product is very useful .
i have several other pieces and they all work great .
once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it .
other than that one time ,  it s been smooth sailing all the way .
i ve had this for num_num months now and this grinder is the best .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
it steams just like the big ones ,  but is faster and the clean up is fast and easy .
this is the best case i have found for verizon s new iphone num_extend
it did ,  so i now have plenty !  love this item !  .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
i bought this air popper from another site about num_num months ago and it was a superb purchase .
i love it !  i will repurchase this again !  .
i really did like this product . it is super strong and my phone has yet to break .
it took less than a minute to learn how it works ,  and it s so smooth and easy to use .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
it came on and off easily so that was nice .
they did just what we wanted them to do !  .
so how do i like these ? for what they are ,  they work pretty well .
i already had the num_num cup size and have been very happy with it .
very little effort ,  and perfect results every time .
it won t happen . this is simply a great mandolin that is even cheaper than it was a few months ago .
this is a very professional piece of equipment .
i bought this over num_num years ago and it has served me very well .
i ve owned all kinds of different brands ,  and this one is simply the best .
i m very happy with the purchase of this item .
i ve been using it now for about num_num months and for the most part i m satisfied .
this is a very minimalist case which is what i wanted .
i chose this blender because i love the color pink .
i am pleased with the otter box for my droid num_extend
the way it needs to be used is simple and it does a great job sharpening my knives .
i have tried several different stylus s and this is by far my favorite .
then i got this ,  and was really impressed ,  even though i discovered that i had been wrong all along .
all in all this product worked as advertised .
this is a good product and will last forever if you keep it nice .
like alot of others have said ,  this product is awesome .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
bought this for timing tea and discovered num_num minutes is also good for poached eggs .
i would recommend this case to anyone who wants to protect his or her phone .
i have a variety of cases that i ve purchased from amazon . this isa good ,  simple case .
wow ,  i was so surprised at how well this thing worked .
i had a brand of can opener that i used for many years and was a very loyal customer .
i like being able to fold it and put it away when not in use .
the other brands have one that fits in the water reservoir .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
we have gotten several different screen protectors and these are the ones my teenage daughter prefers .
this is the absolutely best turner i have purchased .
i like them because they are sharp and not too big .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i thought these would work well to use with the clay in making a necklace .
this is a great press !  we purchased the num_num cup press along with a glass lined thermos .
this item certainly outperforms anything else i have used in the past .
they have worked great for over a month now .
i ordered these spoons for just one of them ,  and found out that all of them are very useful .
this phone is still going num_num years on and i would highly recommend .
you don t have to peel the garlic and it s the easiest thing in the world to clean .   .
i m very happy with it and would buy again .
we ve been using these for over ten years and they are just as good as new .
they work just fine in my coffee machine .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
now after many uses this piece has a nice finish that i just love .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
they are heavier which is nice and again ,  look great !  .
this really is a fantastic product and well worth the money .
they have a nice weight to them when you re holding a glass in your hand .
we have had one of these for at least num_num yrs and it works great .
a little heavy but great product have used it alot .
compared to the juiceman ,  this thing is fabulous .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
i m sure there are other more expensive products out there ,  but this has been great for my canning needs .
i will recommend this to other and i will buy it again .
if you have a phone that this works with buy it .
hard to love a hand kitchen tool ,  but we do like this one .
i recommend these ,  not only are they a great price they re from a well know company too .
these are very well made and look like they will last for many years .
i have been able to hear pretty well without having to strain as i have in past phones .
i have the new iphone num_extend and this works awesome .
in my opinion this was a good choice .
i have been using these forever and love them .
i just wanted to update and say this is well worth the money .
if you are looking for something less bulky ,  this is a good option .
one of the first things you ll notice about this is that it is intelligently designed .
i read the reviews and decided to give this size a try and for me ,  it is perfect .
this is only a num_num amp charger ,  and does work very well .
the best thing i like about this set is its size .
i love this ,  been using for about num_num or num_num years .
did a good job of cleaning up my cluttered spice cabinet and for that i give it num_num stars .
i would recommend this to any home canner .
i like this item because they are easy to put on and they fit my phone .
i feel that the heat that it gives is very good .
have been very robust after num_num months of constant use .
they even look nice !  that may not matter much ,  but it surely doesn t hurt anything .   .
i never thought i could love a vacuum ,  but i love this machine .
this product worked perfectly and i m % pleased with the item and the price .
i have been using them almost everyday for a few weeks and they are holding up very well .
this is my first experience with silicone kitchen products ,  and must say ,  i am impressed .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
i tried a more expensive brand from apple but found this one worked just as well .
they are nice and heavy and the shape is very practical .
this is a good quality product that i would recommend to anyone .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i liked it so much ,  i ve ordered num_num more bowls in different sizes .
this is very sturdy and no longer have that problem .
they hold tons of spices in very little space and i find them convenient .
i have not heard anything wrong with it so i think it works just fine .
it s perfect for our little antique school desk which is about num_num inches high .
i went through motorolas on a yearly basis before i found this .
i can see this lasting for a long time .
it closes tight ,  and is just perfect !  i recommend this product !  it was packed very well too .
it does so even if you have wifi enabled .
it will last for a very long time ,  but works great .
i cook daily in a pressure cooker so this product is very important to me .
cheap price and works great ,  just like the one that came with my phone .
i have used tongs in the past and this is much easier .
looks exactly like the picture and is awesome .
i like it so much that i thought i would try mr .
looking forward to making creative recipes in this pan .
i think i did it right with this one .
the battery worked well for the reminder of the droid x my daughter was using .
bought this one and love just as much .
feel it can last very long and worth the money .
i bought this item on november num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
they last about num_num years or more if you take really good care of them .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
as i came across this one i was shocked by the good deal .
nice that it comes with a car power adapter .
these screen protectors were very easy to use .
the blade shape and overall balance make it a joy to work with .
you ll love this and it is well worth the money .
i have had them for over num_num years and they are still going strong .
i still like the product but have to deduct one star for the hose quality .
she however like it and feels it is stronger than the glass one .
after using this for a while ,  it is really helpful .
i ve always wanted a high end professional mixer .
belkin has done a very good job with this case .
there is no other knife i would rather use than these henckels knives . what else can i say ?  highly recommended .
i use them more than i thought i would !  which is good !  i put in dishwasher .
cheap price and works great ,  just like the one that came with my phone .
bought the heart smart in num_num and enjoy it even more now ,  over a year later .
the color is great and they stack within each other .
i hope my advice helps . i would really buy this product again if i had to .
i did a lot of research and it looks like i made the right choice .
this waffle maker is perfect for norwegian waffles .
if you are a medium to smaller person this is perfect .
i ve been using this product for a month now and its met all my expectations .
i have had mine for years and i think that it is great .
this is another superb product made by honeywell .
this fits perfectly with my num_num year old num_extend
this really does a great job of improving the taste of tap water .
i am extremely thrilled with how great this makes my phone look .
it is very sharp out of the box ,  and after num_num months of use it is still going strong .
it does this wonderfully . that s what it s for ,  it s not for soup or anything like that .
other than that ,  the price is fine for what it does .
this product did what it is intended for .
this battery holds a charge much longer than the original and i m very happy .
most chargers i seen were either to high or to cheaply made this one is a good pick .
we ve used them both many times in the last couple of months and are very happy with the results .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
this case was very cute for my phone while it lasted .
it also gave me a serving bowl that i enjoy very much .
this was a great buy ,  especially to have lasted so long .
sturdy metal construction with taut metal wires well secured into the frame .
i still feel that these items are worth the small price .
about the most wonderful new baking aid i ve found in the last num_num years !  nothing sticks .
been using it for num_num years and it is great .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
well worth the money because this will be the last press i buy .
i have purchased these several times and i love them .
we have owned this kettle for about num_num years and it has worked perfectly many times a day .
i have a beautiful ,  hand made amish cutting board that i would not dream of using .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
i really do like this case ,  of the ten i have  yes ,  ten !   this one is my favorite .
i used them for the first time this morning and am thrilled with the result .
i really like the fact that it is made in the usa .
in my experience with an iphone num_extend s ,  i ve had very good luck with this earpiece .
i recommend this official product over unofficial brands .
all in all this case is worth the money .
browsing the lodge section of amazon i discovered this product and ordered it immediately .
the belt clip and case seem very sturdy .
i d buy this product again in a heartbeat .
i think this product is great and i would recommend it .
it s worth a few extra pennies to buy something that s going to last much longer .
unlike some junky kitchenaid products ,  this one really lives up to the reputation of the stand mixers .
for the price and size it s definitely worth it .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
after i got it i was very pleased with the overall construction and the sheer beauty .
it looks good on the phone with no bubbles and it doesn t feel like its there .
there super sturdy and the washer cleans them right .
i m looking forward to using this for at least the next num_num years !  .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i bought these batteries here from amazon ,  and i love them .
this pan was larger than i had expected ,  it s a great size .
i like that oster has so many replacement parts here on amazon .
easy to install ,  up and running in less than num_num mins !  !  !  .
i had been looking for a cake plate with cover for some time ,  and this was a great choice .
i ve had this blender for about num_num months now and have been very pleased .
this device seems to handle that pretty well .
this pan is worth more than $ easily !  .
i was pleasantly surprised at the quality of sound from these headphones .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
love this case so much i ordered several different colors .
it s really hard to describe how good it sounds .
i would recommend this product to anyone in need of another battery .
it works great num_num feet away from the phone and it charges in about num_num mins .
i don t think i will have to use the other num_num but its great that i have extras .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
it s very simple to use ,  and takes only about num_num minutes to get it going with very inexpensive ingredients .
i chose this rating because the product is very cute and pairs really easy .
this case has a nice feel to it ,  it doesnt feel cheap .
all in all ,  i am happy with this product .
when i still had this phone these kept my phone from getting scratched and i would recommend these .
i have the htc evo num_extend and this is the exact one i got with it new .
i like this knife and would buy more of this brand .
i have had it for num_num year and it still works .
everything you ve heard about this microplane is true .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i am very happy with this quality and construction of this product .
i am very satisfied with this well made and well designed product .
great product ,  they have been in use quite a bit with opening boxes while unpacking !  .
the case is made of very good material .
these pans are great for my new oven and made very well .
i love that it comes with a lid and all things caphalon are durable .
despite that ,  i am still quite happy with this percolator .
i can recommend these ,  they really work as stated .
i am amazed with the clarity and ease of this product .
this phone case is the best case i have owned .
this product does what it says it does .
will never buy another brand for my phone again !  !  very happy with this product .
i bought this because of the handle and i love it .
i ve made a couple different kinds of breads in this machine ,  and they ve all come out great .
it really spins the salad leaves well with minimal effort .
this device works quite well with my iphone num_extend it is easy to use .
update :  several months later ,  no problems ,  use this almost daily and still love this rice cooker .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
it is also nice to have a clock with you that isn t on your sweaty num_extend
will buy from this vendor again when a new pattern is purchased .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
it s not just for corn or mushroom cleaning . this is the best nail brush that i have ever used .
i have recommend this to my family and the num_extend case i have purchased for them .
this item is seriously awesome !  !  it is the best phone case i have ever owned .
i ve been very happy with this pan and would definitely recommend it !  .
even though it is over num_num years old it still works very good .
this thing is indeed extremely heavy and the helper handle is indeed helpful .
we received what we expected with this purchase .
there is one with a temp probe that i think would work best .
i like that i have an option of charging my phone any where .
it s a solid mount and fits both me and my wife s phones with no problem .
i have a back up battery for my phone and it comes in handy .
it is smaller than the one it replaced ,  but i ve got used to it and like it very much .
i would recommend purchasing this dock if it fits your needs .
i wish i could shrink it back ,  it s so cute !  .
good luck and i think you will be very happy with this phone over all .
these are very well made and look like they will last for many years .
once you find something you like stick with it .
this oxo provides a deeper spoon than most other stainless steel products ,  and has a nice length .
we ve had them for num_num months now ,  and they are holding up fine .
i have tested several other pillows ,  but this really helps .
it looks great ,  especially for such a cheap price .
we bought this in dec num_extend and all is great .
i recommend that anyone that bakes get one of these .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
i can see from other feedback that anker makes customer service a very high priority .
on the whole ,  i think this is a good product that i would recommend .
this is the sharpest blade  out of the box  that i have ever used .
a perfect way to mist your favorite oil rather than using disposable products like pam or other cooking sprays .
my wife also has one of these and she loves it . i like num_num as much as i like num_extend
as several other reviewers have said ,  this grinder is a very good deal for its price point .
it works great and charges my droid num_num very quickly .
battery came with % charge and we used it right away .
this one was actually different than a previous one i had owned but i like this one better .
this product would make a very nice gift and is in a reasonable price range .
much better coffee maker than you find in the hotels .
far better than past kettles that cost more .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
this knife is great ,  with just a couple of drawbacks .
i was happy when i got this and have been using them every day .
if you need a battery for your old razr ,  this is a good one .
i am falling in love with this tiny device .
so after a few days research i decided to try this model ,  and have been very happy with it .
it really does have a great soft leather feel .
i love that they are one solid piece .
good value for the money and i would buy again .
i made the best batch of hush puppies when i used this .
we have the num_num inch and num_num inch; love them both .
you can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen .
i was drawn to this coffee maker because of it s look .
these are even better than i thought they would be .
this product is made in france and is of high quality .
it s a solid replacement . i ve had this for num_num months now and it has been working great all that time .
i really like this phone holder for when i ride the bike .
it is a really nice set ,  and looks to last for a very long time .
purchased this product for my son who works in a loud environment and works out all the time .
fast shipping and the correct size for my mixer .
i like it that this is really strong .
the quality of this sink rack is worlds above the other  stainless steel  racks that have been available .
farberware works for me and i m sure it will work for you too .
it costs more ,  yes ,  but it does a much better job and is built to last .
i really like this product and it has worked out great so far .
very sturdy and it does keep the coffee warm .
they re also very easy to break down and clean .
so far ,  all the items purchased through amazon have been excellent  !  .
and the fact that they are stamped with their size is the best .
i purchased this item several years ago ,  and it is still going strong .
i bought this for my mother ,  because she has always wanted one her whole life .
i will be using this in our rv and it is exactly what i needed .
the supplier ,  excellent and would surely purchase from them again ,  any time .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
overall i would recommend this screen protector to family and friends too .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i love the idea of this ferris wheel style spice rack .
this product works with alkaline or rechargeable batteries .
they look great ,  they measure perfectly ,  they feel good in the hand when you hold them .
i love this case because it is exactly what it looks like in the picture .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
this device appears to be well built and has made the cutting of certain foods much easier .
this is pretty much what we were looking for .
they are much sharper than i ever remember them being ,  even when new .
i bought these for my twin grand kids num_extend years old  and they absolutely love them .
this is my only whisk ,  and it is the perfect size to do just about any whisking job .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and loved it .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
my toddler drops them all the time and they are still in good shape .
i received this product very quickly and love it .
i would recommend these to anyone ,  the price can t be beat .
!  !  !  !  i love this case more than dinner .
i would buy this product again and recommend it to others .
this product did what it is intended for .
after reading many reviews ,  i got the wilson dt model .
i ve always felt with belkin products you get a lot for your money .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
when i received it and started using it ,  i was immediately impressed .
needless to say ,  we are v . happy with this purchase .
i really like this stone and the num_num or so loaves of bread i ve made turned out very well .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
i was skeptical when i bought this but after using it a few times it does seem to work .
best of luck and i ll update this review with a picture soon .
had this nearly a year and really really like it .
with something like this ,  it either works ,  or it doesn t ,  and this one works just fine .
i ll definitely purchase several to hold different types of oil .
great case and even greater price so i d recommend this case to anyone .
this little set is an exceptional value !  these pans have a num_num year warranty .
even after roasting for hours ,  the pan is easy to clean .
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
this pasta machine set works !  i was hesistant to buy based on other reviews .
they arrived in a large box ,  with really nice packaging ,  for the travel .
this is quite good even though the old one was shorter and wider .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
i would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them .
this knife is nothing short of a work of art .
outside of that ,  this is a great product .
these are simple chopsticks that work very well .
this makes great waffles ,  cleans easily and stores nicely and neatly ,  too .
i like this product and would buy again .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
i found after a couple days of use the case works very well .
i really enjoy buying the cases from amazon .
it works right out of the box with my iphone num_extend and ipod nano num_extend generation .
i have had my juicer for several years now and really love it .
go larger if you want to serve more than one at the same time .
i have an iphone num_num and this works great .
this little kit saved me $ even with the expedited shipping !  !  love it .
i just purchased another one because so far this is the best case for me .
they are nicely made of just one piece so they are easy to clean ,  i do it by hand .
got it from amazon about num_num months ago ,  during a fourth of july special ,  and the price was great .
good ,  i like it , it does what it i want it to .
i have many other wusthof knives in my set and they are truely the best .
great price point ,  right size ,  should have gotten more .
they are very durable and they last a very long time ,  if you take care of them .
i ve had this cdn digital unit now for about num_num yrs now ,  and it has worked fine .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i have never made waffles of any kind before and this iron made it them perfectly .
i prefer the designs where the silicone cases are wrapped with a polycarbonate shell .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
should have gotten this a long time ago !  !  !  you will really love it ,  too !  .
i would recommend this because it worked as it said .
battery lasts longer than the one it replaced so we re happy .
there s a reason this particular model is so popular .
i ve only used this product twice ,  but it worked perfectly both times .
this cover makes my phone look so great .
i ve found they work well with anything that i want to keep from spoiling .
i love all oxo products and even more so since the experience with their customer service .
this product did what it is intended for .
got this based on cook s illustrated review and was not disappointed .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
however ,  i think this will be a great purchase .
this is a nice little pan ,  and it will still serve num_num to num_num people .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
i love it and would recommend to anyone .
i will be getting another one of these .
this one was the best item that i could buy in this price .
i also like the extra long cord or there is a plastic clip to make it shorter , nice .
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
it s stable ,  cheap and does its job well for $
i bought this in num_num and its still going strong .
i am very happy with the quality of this product .
i feel like a real chef when i grill with these things .
i found this on amazon cost only a couple dollars and the vacuum works like new after replaced .
what more can you say about bowls ?  i love these .
well worth the price and i would recommend it to anyone .
one thing i can say about this item is that the price was right .
this design looks like it will hold up real well .
i lost one iphon and vowed it wouldn t happen again this case it on my side love it .
so far every time that i have used it ,  it works great and gets the job done .
i could have spent a lot more but this is perfect for my needs .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
good mid and highs i listen to everything from num_extend classics to top num_num current .
we have been using them for over a month and they are wonderful .
this is a well made pan that i have no issues with .
yes ,  this product does all that one could hope .
i ve had this product for over two months and so far i am very pleased with it .
give it a good stir and make sure it s well mixed .
i got this earlier this year to began working out .
so i thought this was a great match for me .
been using this for about a week now and it works great .
it is made up of good material and very sturdy . it comes with num_num phone holders .
i love this bumper case for my iphone num_extend
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
i like this case and it will protect my iphone well .
they are a good size and seem to be very durable .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
does the job well and doesn t take up too much room in the kitchen .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
this can opener more than exceeded my expectations .
i have sense bought some for friends and family and they all love them too .
this citrus squeezer is made with quality materials .
this is only a num_num amp charger ,  and does work very well .
always hand washed and working fine for past num_num months .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
it does a great job ,  exactly what you d expect from kitchenaid .
this battery is great and way cheaper than getting from the cell store .
item arrived well packaged ,  on time and as described in the item description .
after num_num months of use i m happy this headset with one caveat .
i purchased this case for my new motorola droid bionic recently and liked the way it looked .
this is an iphone dock with a very simple design .
would recommend to anyone looking for an easy way to get more life out of your iphone .
so i thought this would help me and him .
this is the best windshield mount i have ever purchased .
i wasn t expecting much for the price but have been pleasantly surprised .
love this product ,  made my bluetooth that much better !  .
they are by far the most useful bowls i have ever encountered .
i don t mind the extra size at all as the tradeoff is more than worth it .
this is the best coffee maker we ve ever owned .
it added that nice extra touch to make the platter even more appealing .
this has been a great tool in my bag for quite some time .
this case did a good job protecting his phone .
first of all ,  this thing is solid and heavy .
i feel like they are designed for people with special needs .
i would recommend this product for anyone looking for basic protection .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
this is an item you will definitely want to buy in pairs .
this product arrived on time and was well packaged .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
the warranty alone is worth the price of this screen ! will purchase again and again for all of my phones !  !  !  .
i would recommend buying the lid when you buy a pan .
these are great to protect you iphone screen from scratches .
it works great ,  i ve noticed no odd smells that others have complained about .
the case has held up very well and i would recommend this to others to buy .
i would recommend this case to any person that is a pink fanatic like i am .
the first time i used this i loved it .
i would recommend this bluetooth for anyone who needs a good strong reception and uses it all day .
this thing has a setting that is so quiet that my wife didn t know it was on .
i like it this product ,  its consistent phone quality and price gets four stars .
this item does what it is advertised to do .
i believe that you will like this product .
that being said ,  i m very pleased with this .
i have no trouble using the touch screen and everything is clear and bright .
but for a skillet that has never been used before that is better than great .
they are held together with a nice heavy duty stainless ring .
i bought the num_num inch and num_num inch chef s knives and love both of them .
this is one of the very best items i have ever purchased for my kitchen .
i just got this product and am very impressed .
this phone has everything she wanted + a little more .
easy to use the phone with the cover in place .
piping hot for about num_num hours ,  and by the end of the work day still quite warm .
they are nice ,  comfortable ,  good sound ,  good battery life and easy to operate .
this is my first time to own a mandolin and this one works very well .
i bought this model a few years ago and it s still working good .
the fan works just fine . we re very pleased with this product .
we wash all our fruit with this brush ,  and it s great .
would be great if they came in sets of num_num vs sets of num_extend recommended !  .
i ve owned and loved the motorola num_extend series bluetooth headsets num_extend num_extend and num_extend
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
it arrived at my house in only num_num days !  one of the best purchases i ve made  :   .
battery worked fine ,  just like the new one ,  held a charge all day .
however ,  after proper seasoning ,  i m quite happy with this product .
it was in tact and perfect .  .  . i m definitely ordering from them again .
this is real heavy duty and can take a lot of squeezing .
i was ready to move up to a burr grinder and i really like this one .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
these work great for cake pops !  i would buy these again .
definitely worth the price !  i would even spend $ on this phone case .
these are awesome !  they do what they are made to do .
the plastic one is just fine . we had a lot of fun with this and are glad we have it .
i like the idea behind this product and i m surprised i havent seen more like this .
it is well designed and manufactured from high quality materials .
this case is very good for the incredibly cheap price .
they re at least as good as the ones they are replacing  that cost twice as much for one board  .
there are quite a few setting to be concerned with ,  but the product does do quite a few things .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
well worth the price ,  and is made of very durable material .
i think they should offer it with a glass top for the price .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
nothing much to say ,  other than it s a perfect companion for my num_extend
i have to say that i am impressed with the weight of this set .
i have used this press many times with great success .
i have never been so organized and on top of things .
i used them for the first time this morning and am thrilled with the result .
they cost a little more than some ,  but are easily worth it .
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
it does a good job with anything that has to be blended .
very happy with the product and i will buy this product again .
this is a good product that was as described in the amazon description .
i just used this to make my first batch of homemade ice cream ever ,  and it was divine .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
this is a nice charger but you can tell it was made cheaply in china .
somewhere . this product will not disappoint for the price .
it s leaps and bounds past num_extend and even better than android .
it also provides a good grip on the phone when being held .
this product looks and feels of very good quality ,  i am very happy with the purchase .
i have num_num different appliances of this brand and happy with each .
great deal . if these last me even a few months ,  they ll have been worth it .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i think that it lasted over num_num years and this great price is quite a big deal .
i have used this pan num_num times and both times the cakes have came out great .
also ,  this price from amazon was the best .
said that she would recommend this case to everyone who has has iphone num_num or num_extend
like others have said it s a great size for one or two people .
he says it works great and when needed will purchase this product again .
these are top quality screen protectors ,  as god as the otterbox or seidio screen covers .
still ,  i d recommend these because they have served me well for many months now .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
when i bought this years ago ,  i fell in love with it .
i would purchase again from this seller in the future !  .
this product is great for charging your iphone and you will never forget where your phone is .
been using it for about num_num months now and it stills looks as cute as ever !  !  .
very few timers have this and it makes it much more useful than the others .
this has to be the best $ shipping you can possibly spend to protect your investment .
they have made this unit a  must have  for their kitchen .
this piece fit right in and looks great on the counter .
this is another good quality product from cuisinart .
like this cover very much ,  especially because of the color .
used it the first time i made sausage and i will continue to use it all the time .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
for flavor and looks ,  this coffee maker earns five stars .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
unlike other fryers with lids this one will be open all the time .
if not then go with num_num it s still a good phone and will do the task .
however ,  new trent has the best customer service in my opinion .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
at this price ,  i d recommend these to anyone .
i have found the coffee produced by this machine to be smooth ,  not at all acidic .
okay ,  so i m completely satisfied with it and it works well after num_num months .
this grill pan is great if you re looking to do the num_extend
this num_extend screen protector is just about the best one i ve ever used .
i m a big coffee fan ,  and have tried a lot of different methods .
i bought this fryer a few weeks ago and it is the best i ve ever used .
will work great and and should have plenty left for later on .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
got this for my ipad num_num and have to say it works as advertised .
this is a great product for that job .
i got actually num_num of these and they have been working great .
and that is what you purchase with anything in the oxo good grips line of products .
after num_num years ,  the lid broken ,  but it still works . i got this one and love it .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
this is the third case i have tried for the phone and this one is by far the best .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
they are very easy to put on and easy to clean .
i bought this for my iphone num_num gsm and it fits perfectly on it .
i use this for juice that i make fresh from oranges and other citrus type fruits .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
it seems to be well made ,  and i expect it to last for many years .
and these were just the ticket ,  they fit perfectly .
i have a galaxy note ii phone and this headset is awesome with it .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
great job and i would recommend this product highly .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
i have to say that i am very impressed with this case .
this skillet did just fine with both things .
this screen protector is designed to fit quite exact to the face of the num_extend
the fact that there rubber is good because i use them when working out and i sweat a lot .
that is the only thing that would make it absolutely perfect !  .
i have used this grill a few times with different meats ,  and i really enjoy it .
i bought this last year and have been really pleased with it .
i am very happy that this product worked .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
fit well and look sharp !  but thwy dont last very long .
however ,  this is still a very reasonable purchase .
you will surely be happy should you choose to purchase this item .
:  added note num_num days later : still loving this coffee .
a year later she told me it was the best gift i ever gave her .
so happy that this is carried through amazon .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
i love tigers so it is something that i always enjoy looking at .
we love salad and have been using our oxo salad spinner for over num_num years .
definitely worth the price !  have had it for about num_num weeks and no problems yet !  .
easy to snap on ,  but hard to take off  isn t that the point ?   excellent product for the price !  .
so i just bought a new set and this does the trick .
only bad thing about white is makeup ,  but oh well love this one .
this is very lightwieght and keeps the phones slim profile while providing a little protection .
sharp and has a very good handle grip even when my hands are wet .
i liked the first so well that i bought another ,  because this is an essential tool in any kitchen .
i feel like my phone is well protected with this case .
this one is even better . i used to carry around a spare battery for my phones .
the tea is good and so far  less than num_num weeks  it functions well .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
i have admired this kettle since i first saw it in the num_extend
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
the bottom line :  i recommend this item highly .
i love watching video on my num_extend and this just makes it a better experience .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
the battery life is ample ,  even for a heavy use day .
this num_extend whisk is well made  .  . with a very nice handle .
other than that ,  we are still enjoying this coffee maker .
this one seems to have been improved since the last one so i am mostly happy with it .
after doing some research ,  fagor looked like a good buy ,  and amazon s price was good .
without question ,  i would highly recommend this product ,  a+ !  .
like all otterbox cases i have purchased ,  this one is top quality .
this by far excels the no name brand knock off versions that are sold on ebay .
they work fine and the pepper mill keeps on working .
less than num_num minutes with a metal file broke these hard edges nicely . overall ,  a great tool for the price .
it is the most comfortable mug i have ever tried .
this is a really good looking car charger .
we just bought this one to have a bigger size .
they have excellent customer service if there is a problem .
if you pull hard enough they will open up .
this is a great product and worth every penny .
this phone is perfect because with tmobile you can have unlimited txt ing for only num_num a month .
dishes are very light and seem as though they will last a long time .
this is my second buy of the same product ,  because i loved the first one so much .
will order again when and if i ever need another one .
i would love to have this same mixer with a larger bowl .
just one more reason to get this product ! i have used this for a month ,  and i love it .
just a final note that consumer reports rated wusthof as the best in their tests as well .
this case looks as good as new after the first week of use .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
if you have parties where you are serving wine ,  then this product is a must !  .
this one seems to have a design that is easy to use without much fuss .
i purchased this item because the price was so great .
i have been using bluetooth stereo headphones for awhile  few ear bud sony ones  . this one is pretty decent .
great buy and nice quality ,  just dry them after you wash to avoid spotting or rust .
i also love them for mimosas because they hold so much .
i have used the chef knife for num_num years and am extremely happy with it .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
it s nice that it came with an extra battery .
besides that it does exactly what it says !  .
i really like this and would recommend it !  .
however ,  at the time that i did have it ,  it worked very well .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
i received this popcorn popper as a christmas gift two years ago and it is still going strong .
i m truly impressed with this considering the price .
this is a great product and it has very versatile uses .
these glasses are very simple and nice looking .
they work quite well as long as you do not try to swipe with them .
this dock works well with my droid num_extend
it is that it does not stand horizontal only vertical ,  other than that very good product quality .
this case is attractive and fits my phone well .
great product ,  hope they keep their price point .
i have used it for over num_num months and it works great !  !  !  !  !  !  .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
easy !  another thing i like about this juicer is how quiet it is .
good gift for someone with a new smartphone .
i did get screen protectors  tech armor  to use with it ,  which made for a good combination .
i have been on a popcorn kick and this is a good buy .
this is just a solid fat separator with all the features that you need .
great price point ,  right size ,  should have gotten more .
after doing some research ,  fagor looked like a good buy ,  and amazon s price was good .
this grater works far better and is much more comfortable to use .
we highly recommend this product to anyone considering purchasing it .
other than that ,  i am very pleased with this product .
this one is !  it is so much better than our pyrex measuring cups .
these are great !  sleek looking but very sturdy .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
they have turned out perfectly for me every time .
i ve never cooked with cast iron before ,  and there is definitely a difference .
this is a product that belongs in every baker s kitchen .
it was nice to be able to have something that fit .
horizontal separation is more important than cable length . a great improvement !  .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
i received this product as a gift and love it .
it s great ! if you found this review helpful ,  please click yes .
i loved it so much i bought num_num more as gifts .
have had several other brands but this one by far produces the hottest coffee .
i m very satisfied with the product and service .
they are easy to remove from the ring and put it back .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
some complain that the sound it not as good ,  but i find it more than adequate for working out .
fresh hot loaf in less than an hour !  .
this works just about as well as a ricer but it is simpler to use .
this item is simply the best accessory  and i have many  for my new evo num_extend
i would have given it a num_num or num_num for that reason ,  but customer service was fantastic .
i have dropped this about num_num times already and it still works fine .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
this product does what it is suppose to !  i recommend this product .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
this was my second battery for my htc desire and found battery to be better than the original .
this is my first experience with cast iron and i am in love .
i would recommend this product as it is very stong and does the job you need it to .
overall ,  a very quality lid ,  and all that i expected .
perfect item and does what its supposed to do ,  which is nice .
she s been using this for years and still continues using this .
it was made for home kitchens ,  which is what we have ,  and is more than up to the job .
these baskets have helped me to organize my freezer .
they are the best ,  which you can tell from all the num_num star reviews .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
overall i would recommend this case to anyone .
i researched cleaners on the amazon site and was impressed by the reviews on this hoover .
this is a great bumper and very cheap .
i love these cutting boards .  .  . they are great for daily usage .
bought this because of the price and reviews .
i have several brands of canners ,  and i do like this one .
i was tempted to get the $ num_num mah package instead but this one is worth the extra price .
this is the most amazing case i ever have .
they have me hooked for life on this product .
after trying numerous hands free devices ,  i finally found this .
i was surprised that making popcorn this way tasted so good .
it is perfect . other reviewers have said that it arrives broken or it s flimsy .
it s perfect for an expensive item that sometimes gets dropped .
i find they have good customer service so far .
considering the price and results of this product it is a bargain .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
i love to zest lemons with this thing .
they were very easy to apply and came with directions .
i have bought at least a dozen over the years .
mine arrived in num_num days  prime  . good price ,  good product .
this thing will almost fit in your wallet .
to be honest i was pleasantly surprised with their customer service .
these last really long and i love the colors !  .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i am very happy with this purchase so much i bought another one .
the magnets work much better than i expected .
my first impression upon opening the box was  wow ,  this is cool .   i haven t been disappointed yet with it .
even today ,  for the price ,  this phone is worth every penny .
well they got here like num_num weeks early !  !  the colors were great .
i have been using this canner for two years and love it .
i would recommend this since i have had good luck with it .
i baked every night for a month at first because it is so effortless with this mixer .
my husband likes the versatility of this product .
i bought this in num_num and its still going strong .
it s super slim ,  yet feels like it has a layer of real protection .
be sure to use a screen protector and your phone will stay in fine condition !  .
looks just like the original htc cable and works perfect .
they seem a little bit flimsy but work well .
although i don t love the designs on corelle products ,  i found them acceptable .
we have had real good luck with this one .
i would love to have one in every color just so i can switch it up every day .
i got this to use on the porch ,  and going to other places like friends and family .
i actually ordered this item for a friend i work with .
i absolutely love this food processor . it makes chopping vegetables ,  meat ,  nuts ,  etc .
i got even better reception on the num_extend than my num_extend and now also have edge .
i do not find the pan particularly heavy and the extra handle made it quite easy to move around .
i recommend you buy this because its really great !  they stick well and last a long time .
i think this is by far the best bluetooth headsets you can have for your iphone num_extend
i ve had this cdn digital unit now for about num_num yrs now ,  and it has worked fine .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i am just as satisfied with this one .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
i love that it holds the food high above the sink bottom ,  and it is well made .
we love salad and have been using our oxo salad spinner for over num_num years .
i have sharpened it a few times with good results .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
this phone beats the android phones with it s web os operating system .
it s been working well for me since and i ve upped my score from num_num stars to num_num stars .
so much better than dealing with canning lids .
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
nice to have these in a set to save some money .
i would recommend this case for any one for those reasons !  .
i got this steamer with a $ amazon gift certificate and have not been disappointed .
this fits my samsung galaxy num_extend very well .
i also really like the clean surge feature my old one doesn t have it and it makes a difference .
i ve been using this product for a month now and its met all my expectations .
what i really like about cast iron is how well things fry up and brown .
i am very certain that i will enjoy many years of usage of this product .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
this is great !  this is the best peeler i have ever purchased .
well i believe this is the best headset so far that i have used .
for the price ,  it is just as good as my expensive one .
in any case this num_extend works perfectly with my lg voyager from verizon .
they are nicely made of just one piece so they are easy to clean ,  i do it by hand .
well ,  nice thing special and really nothing to complain about the set .
other than that it works just like the other one i had .
my first thought was that i would use it for pancake batter so i did and it worked great .
i will review again down the road ,  but i am very happy with this purchase .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone num_extend
it is very sharp out of the box ,  and after num_num months of use it is still going strong .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
if you have a craving for a latte at home ,  this product is very handy .
this is by far my favorite case for iphones to decorate .
when i opened the box ,  i was impressed with how heavy and solid the stand is .
i hope my next phone is as good as this one .
i will be getting another cases from yall pretty soon i really do like this case .
the bowls that come with this set get used the most by the family .
but of course that made it even better to eat ,  ,  ,  ,  hahaha .
all in all ,  i am happy with this item .
granted ,  you pay a bit more for ateco but it is a much better product .
it is a good case ,  and fit pretty well in my phone .
this is the second one i have bought for family members and they love to use it .
i like the fact that i can just pop it into the dishwasher when it gets food on it .
if this lasts longer than a year ,  it will be the best scale so far .
have had another set of these and they lasted very well ,  now i have num_num sets .
we have only used it once and it cut the cheese just fine .
i love my iphone and have never had a problem with it .
i m perfectly satisfied with this case for my num_extend
so i am very happy with this purchase so far .
so i don t turn my jars upside down and the lids are perfect !  .
these phone covers are the best !  !  i wouldnt use anything else .
what else can one say about it ?  i like it !  .
there is a clear tab on either side of the compartment that the cards fit into .
this has to be the cheapest headset i have ever purchased ,  yet the best small headset ever made .
i have owned many dustbusters over the years ,  and by far ,  this is the best one yet .
i would recommend this to anyone with a rezound .
i find these sheets to be very useful .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
there isn t much to say other than this product works great .
boxwave is a bit more expensive than most but they deliver quality stuff .
it seems to work just fine although the order took an awfully long time to arrive .
i got this and put it on my refrigerator for my grandkids to play with .
i use this with my htc evo num_extend phone and it works pretty well .
in general ,  i ve had good success with this design .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i also love that it can be used as a punch bowl .
this is a great stone !  nice and big ,  it almost completely fills my oven .
it is the best fried egg pan i have ever purchased .
the next one i buy will definitely be the one with removable plates .
i have been using them and love them .
however for the price i paid for i am extremely happy with the product .
sound quality was better than expected and the fit was quite comfortable .
great ,  i didn t realize it came with cables also ,  thanks .
i ve had this set for num_num months now ,  and am very happy with it .
so this little baby is a must have in my house .
much easier to deal with than traditional two piece jar lids .
this product does exactly what it says it can do .
i received this for christmas from my daughter .
it heats perfectly even each and every time .
marinade is key with this ,  it will sear in the flavor as it gets quite hot .
spend a little bit money and get one that will last and are a pleasure to use .
i like the fact that i can choose the size needed .
this is the best pepper mill i have ever seen .
i ve changed the star rating to a five because this thing performs so well .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
i would strongly recommend this product ,  i don t regret my purchase at all .
coffee maker  got it as a gift over num_num years ago  .
these were purchased as a gift and i liked them so well ,  i got a set .
this phone does every thing i could want from a phone .
i ordered these cases because i figured i d get them for a great price .
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
it s hard to find anything to say except that i love this knife .
it makes me feel like a real chef when i use it !  .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i really love the craftsmanship and durability of this product .
this is the best veggie brush i ve ever owned .
mine is num_num years old and still going strong .
it just works and seems to have great battery life to boot .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
but i like the real color even better than the one shown .
i will for sure buy another one for my next phone .
it is a sturdy pan that will last long .
this is by far the best product to protect your phone .
i bought these because they are so pretty .
a family member saw us using this product and wanted one .
they all look new ,  to be honest ,  even though most of them are over a year old .
it does a great job on my well water ,  which was good to begin with .
pop has safety design and this is second one we have used .
she and the kids find a new reason it s essential pretty much every day .
i got this popcorn popper machine for a work team event .
these canisters have been good so far ,  i store nuts in them and they have been kept fresh .
this set of glasses is one of the best things i ever bought on amazon .
i have the iphone num_num now but i do recommend this case ,  it works ,  not cheap looking either .
i bought this about a month ago and it works great .
would recommend this item to all tea drinkers !  .
if you freeze it before use and shake well after using cold water it makes great carbonated water .
the unit weighs a total of num_num pounds . the quality has more than met my expectations .
works just like what i bought it for .
i decided to buy the set anyway for i was so very impressed with the quality of this set .
this item arrived as expected and was a perfect replacement for my broken charger .
these hooks have enough give to them that they can handle quite a bit .
i also like that even with the handles you can stack them inside one another .
i have used this a few times and love it .
i used these curtain rings and they glide so nicely even though there is a lot of weight .
about num_num hours later you have a delicious loaf of bread .
this is a solid device that works perfectly with my curve num_extend
this pitcher is the finest pitcher i have ever seen .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
that can get a bit messy ,  but this rack can handle just about anything .
i really enjoyed this case ,  because the colors were fantastic .
this is my second new trent case and overall i m happy with it .
i love this num_extend featherweight bag ,  it s a much better size for me than a num_extend
would recommend for anyone with the kitchenaid mixer .
white was the only choice and these items work well with my new dish set .
i just love these things !  i have had this set for about num_num years and not one has broken .
i think this is well worth the money .
this works well with my very old kitchen aid .
in use now for over num_num months ,  this productdoes a great job .
this is a lot better than i expected .
be careful with the edges as they are very sharp and will cut easily .
this is the strongest jar opener i have ever owned .
very pleased with this purchase and i appreciate all the helpful reviews that guided my choice !  .
this has to be one of the best cases that i have ever had .
it does it well and looks just like the picture .
this is by far the best cork screw that we have ever owned and we have bought many .
with this thing ,  i m making some quality pasta with beautiful texture .
takes about num_num minutes on medium gas heat to brew ,  well work it for a classic taste !  .
for the price ,  it was worth the wait for these to ship from hong kong .
i will be ordering these again in the new future .
the quality of this product is known of course .
the battery that came with this has been my best battery and lasted a year of heavy use .
if they could slim that down a bit they would be perfect .
i ve cooked rice on the stove top for many years with great success as well .
another feature is the ability to connect to two devices at the same time .
i will be buying this again for her .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
i ordered them for the color but when i received them i was greatly impressed with what i received .
this makes it possible for me to ware this device all day long with no pain or discomfort .
i m having great ,  reminiscent fun with this and am sure you will as well !  .
i have been using this charge for a few months now and i am very happy with its performance .
these racks are so handy . easily stored ,  when not using them ! well worth my purchase !  .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i read reviews saying that this was a wonderful pen and okay stylus .
it is hard to find a fry pan with a lid but that is exactly what i got .
this particular case caught my eye because of the color .
even if it was six months ago . this thing is really easy .
this is really one of the best things i have bought from amazon .
the magnets on this are plenty strong enough to hold even a small frying pan .
this product was usable right out of the box .
however there is a price for that great coffee .
i am looking forward to using this appliance .
i would not have gotten it for myself ,  but i m very happy to have them .
i really enjoy using this for my phone .
i received this  unexpectedly  as a gift from my brother for christmas .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
i would recommend this unit to anyone and everyone who wants a countertop grill in their kitchen .
this is a well made steamer ,  i just wish it would fit my cookware better .
this makes very good coffee and keeps it hot for several hours .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
i think this is a great value ,  and i am very happy with this product !  .
i like this design as it fits my ear much better and they re not too large that they hurt .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
this was my first portable phone charger to buy ,  and so far im impressed with this product .
i love my new grinder ,  i have been experimenting with different beans and the coffee tastes fresh and delicious .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
if you own any bowl ,  you should purchase this item .
they seem to love to have a little pen to play with .
this charger is very easy to use and can charge two devices at once .
this is the num_extend anker batteryi have purchased and they have both been great products .
easy to work with because it s not so big .
helps keep phone from sliding around and adds a diva flair .
i have used this pot almost every day since i got it .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
i m very happy with the purchase of this item .
this will come in handy during an outage ,  when i have to use gas .
the black case with grey silicone is very handsome indeed !  much more sophisticated looking than the candy shell .
for that peace of mind alone i give it num_num stars .
love the pan and received my product in a speedy time .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
but to me its worth it and i have the time for those extra steps .
i recently purchased this item and absolutely love it .
it s distinctive ,  but not  blingy  . i am confident that this case will protect my iphone num_num very well .
i have had no issues with this item and would recommend it too anyone .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
i bought this one for my daughter in law to go along with her new food saver .
this one is much nicer than the plastic one and holds a lot securely .
i put them to use the day i received them ,  and am quite happy with them .
it seemed like a good idea and it was !  my husband and i both love it .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
the shipment was on time ,  and i am happy with the product .
the quality of the paint and overall product gets a num_num star from me .
really happy with this item i have nothing to complain about .
we have owned this kettle for about num_num years and it has worked perfectly many times a day .
very pleased with the quality of these cases .
you will love the freedom that this power cable gives you because iti is num_num foot long .
it stays hot for well over num_num hours !  even past that time it stays quite warm .
the product was very inexpensive and i believe of a very good quality .
i still give it num_num stars because of its great fit and great sound quality .
i like the look of this grey one too .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
we have found that this ratio works perfectly .
this was a great price and just what i expected .
i did a lot of research and ended up getting this one because of the high reviews .
the cable i got from cellular num_num star works like a charm on my ipad num_extend
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i wanted a really good bread maker and that is what i have in this unit .
i have had several other products and this works really nice .
we have a bunch of these and they get used all of the time .
i was not sure what this one would be like ,  but i m delighted with it .
the cover appears to be well made and held up very well in the laundry .
this product looks like and works as advertised .
love these !  i use my ball jars for more than just canning and these make life so much easier .
but they are such good quality i intend to try them again later for something else .
now that i ve had it for num_num days or so ,  i really have fallen in love with it .
i encourage you to read all the other reviews for more detail about this quality product .
like others have said here ,  the screwdriver set is solid and good quality and will last forever .
this is a great fp ,  compares very well with my cuisinart in every way .
standard sized spice bottles  mccormic ,  etc  will fit these . i am very pleased with this product .
we have used this pressure cooker num_num times this summer and it works great .
that s a good thing because that makes it easier to apply without bubbles .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
it s very simple to use ,  and takes only about num_num minutes to get it going with very inexpensive ingredients .
i gave this num_num stars because it is a nice and comfortable headphone .
i would recommend this for anyone who uses a mixer a lot .
well ,  nice thing special and really nothing to complain about the set .
i like the design of these measuring cups ,  which stack together well for storage .
however ,  for $ this is definitely a great skillet .
these bags worked as well as any others that i have purchased in the grocery store .
i am giving it num_num stars because it does a great job toasting toast ,  bagels ,  and pop tarts .
we both love it !  i really didn t know what to expect ,  but it s great .
this is a great product !  !  looks just like an old retro tape .
i purchased this from the oem planet for $ and am quite happy .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
this thing has already saved us a couple of times .
i already have one of these i had purchased a year ago on amazon ,  and ,  i absolutely love it .
touch screen is much better than num_num and num_extend
feel it can last very long and worth the money .
but this thing is great ,  small ,  and doesn t take up too much space .
this adapter works very well for my samsung cell phone .
i ve had mine for about num_num years now and it has performed great for my family .
i have tried many other types of tongs ,  and these are by far my favorite .
for me ,  it is definitely worth the price .
i will buy this again when needed to .
it s light weight and works perfect on my samsung galaxy num_extend  :   i bought num_num sets .
if you re trying to lose weight this will make an excellent salad .
there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them .
overall i have had a good experience with this device .
i have been looking for a way to display them and finally found this !  .
it works just fine and has been for over a year now .
whenever you re ready  after num_num minutes or so  you ve got perfect rice .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
i ve liked all of the different sizes i ve tried in this series .
this is one of the better slider cases i have found for the iphone num_extend
takes num_num x aaa batteries  included  . the base is wide and supports the fan well .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this item .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
have ordered from this supplier before ,  will definitely do so again !  .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
i would recommend this grinder for coffee beans .
it matches my faucet and other products from this company .
our num_num year old loves it to make his own grillers with this .
i would order them again but believe they will last quite some time .
i d recommend this product if you have this phone .
it seems put together well and still looks as good as new for us ,  after num_num dishwasher trips .
when i received this i used it to bake a meatloaf . worked great !  it s very easy to clean .
i m loving it !  this is just what i ve been looking for .
however ,  after a few months and several dozen cans ,  it is certainly doing it s job .
i find that the more i get used to them ,  the easier it is to wear them .
i ve had them for more than a year and they are just as sharp as new .
i would recommend this product for persons that like to bake .
i love this product and would buy it again .
i have used to them and just love the way they feel in my hand .
i just know that what is inside that jar is fresh .
i have been using fiesta for two years and love ,  love ,  love it .
i got these from fry s about num_num months ago and i love them .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
i bought this one and have been very happy with it .
the num_num star reviews are correct :  this thing makes fantastic popcorn .
i have num_num machines so this will be a good value for me .
even on the lowest setting ,  this thing is definitely a wind machine .
i will be purchasing more in the future .
they fit very well and provide a lot of protection .
this plantronics num_extend is simply the best unit i have ever used .
i ve dropped my phone many many times ,  face down even ,  and not a scratch !  !  ! i love these cases !  !  !  .
we picked up just this one and have been very pleased with it .
its as good as the regular samsung battery that came with the phone .
this one is good stay away from the other .
as long as you re ok with that ,  these will serve you very very well .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
better than george forman or anything else i ve had .
so i purchased this item with a happy heart and i love it .
it s so much simpler to use and clean up than a regular blender .
this is great quality and a great price .
my carpets look great and if i could give this cleaner num_num stars ,  i would .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
this product works great ,  is a breeze to clean up and stores taking up almost no space .
i was really impressed with the quality and design of this item .
would love this in a num_num cup size for larger batches .
i ve had this product for over num_num years now and i still love it .
i ve been thinking about getting one of these for awhile ,  i m happy i finally did it .
i m very pleased with them protecting my touch screen .
this is a great item and works better than i thought it would .
i got this for my num_num year old .
i would recommend this case if you have an atrix .
i have gone through several of these and this is by far the best one i have owned .
yes ,  i would recommend this to a friend .
this pot is used at least num_num times per day and it has held up well .
have ordered from this supplier before ,  will definitely do so again !  .
this is great quality and a great price .
this means it will fit every iphone num_extend as well .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
that is the kind of customer service that makes me come back as a customer .
i have num_num machines so this will be a good value for me .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
i bought these in num_num and they are still going strong .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i like this product because it really protects my phone .
i have several of the older ,  smaller cookie sheets but these are superior to my older ones .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
all in all this case is worth the money .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
i love pyrex because i know i can count on it to last forever .
but even when sideways ,  it s still stable even over bumps .
it is well worth the money spent on this grill .
after num_num weeks of use ,  we are very happy .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
they protect the screen very well and have had no problems with them .
they last about num_num years or more if you take really good care of them .
but do like the product that comes from this one .
we ve had one of these for about num_num years now and after frequent use it s still in good shape .
you will be very pleased with this tool .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
they are also quite large ,  which was a pleasant surprise for us .
they are thicker and more durable than i anticipated .
it s made in the usa and the company really does stand behind their product .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
i ve only had this pot a few days and so far i m very happy with it .
this case definitely protects your phone and its really cute .
i ve had this cell holder for several months now and i absolutely love it .
other than that ,  it does a great job .
i am just so thrilled with this jar .
it s rare to find a product that meets your expectations; no more ,  no less .
satisfied with this product and it was delivered on time .
my experience with this particular bodum santos product is overall positive .
so far i m very pleased with this purchase .
i don t really need this feature ,  but it is a nice way to keep them together .
very sturdy ,  just like the one i had bought at the store .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
i am very happy that i purchased this cover for my lg num_extend cell phone .
they have a nice weight to them that makes them feel balanced in your hand .
i have owned several stick vacs over the years but this one tops them all .
it is huge !  !  !  exactly what i wanted !  !  !  i can fit more than num_num utensils on it @ a time .
this case will protect your phone from any drop and the colors are cute .
it does have a neat design on the back which i didnt notice till i put on my phone .
i just love this product  !   . nothing sticks to it .
i am quite happy with my new red bread box .
this is very aesthetically pleasing cover ,  and it s light and sturdy .
i have used them to connect to my computer and the data function works just fine .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
this works for so many things i haven t the time to list them .
but i thought i would try it anyway ,  great price ya know .
a great feature to this over motorola is that they are collapsible and come with a pouch for carrying .
i m really happy with the size and quality of this piece .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
this headset is so light weight ,  you will forget you are wearing it .
so yes ,  i would use this seller and product again and would recommend it to others .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
so i bought this battery for my mytouch num_extend and it works just like the original one .
it easily clips on to your belt and also provides some protection for your phone if dropped .
this tumbler does a great job of insuring that i have hot coffee until i m done drinking it .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
i put aromatherapy oils in mine all the time and boy does this ever make my home smell good .
i replaced mine with some hose from the local hardware store and it s worked great ever since .
i have been using them and love them .
when i first opened the mountek package ,  i was surprised at the quality .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the sound is great and there is not a lot of backround noise that gets through .
i would definitely order from this company again .
i agree with all the positive reviews . i use this when i meditate .
it protects my phone like i need it too and much better pricing than going to a store .
i am so thankful that i had to take a moment to write this review .
they have held up well with hand washing in soapy water .
i highly recommend it !  i would give it six stars if i could !  !  .
i have had one of these for years and bought one for my daughter for christmas .
however ,  the product does work and is easily worth $
i will probably have to hone the blade later on but it looks easy to do .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
this is easy to use and makes great tasting coffee .
these work great and i strongly recommend them .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
i recommend it if you want some nice bling for your phone .
they have been up to every task that i asked of them .
i have a great set of stainless steal pans and they never get this hot or retain their heat .
it s really bright . this is a great product ,  but arrived very very very late .
first i must say ,  great price for this product .
i can also answer the phone more easily .
this one is good stay away from the other .
this case gives great protection ,  but it is a little bulky .
i bought this pan about a year ago ,  and i use it every single day .
it is definitely easy to use and clean and i use it also .
i had to spend a lot of extra money on custom ear molds but now i am very happy .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
it continues to work very well on about num_extend ft of hardwood floors .
i would love to have one in every color just so i can switch it up every day .
i have never been so organized and on top of things .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i can t say enough good things about this norpro stainless steel colander .
my husband was very impressed with the mold ,  and it cleaned up very easliy .
this has got to be one of the best screen protectors i have ever gotten .
it s easy to turn inside out and wash with hot water and dish soap .
this fits my phone perfectly ,  love how it is clear so that you can still see the phone itself .
the package says that they are dishwasher safe .
this is the best ,  easiest and fastest can opener i have used . i will never buy another kind again .
it will save your neck and keep you hands free to take notes or whatever as you read .
this product is far more sturdy with better design .
they are actually a very good set ,  easy to read the size and they work well for scooping .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
this lid is great for all the pans i have that do not have lids .
this product allows you to keep frozen foods together and so that they are kept in place .
although the glass handle would pose a problem for someone with large hands ,  it works for me .
they look nice even when they re not being used .
so far i m very happy with this product .
i like the melting butter idea that another reviewer mentioned .
this is my first masher and it didn t disappoint .
this product is the best mandolin i ve tried so far .
this is the best stone by far !  i have tried many before this one .
the sound quality was also pretty good on both ends .
this goes well with the ipad and the app i needed it for .
the cooking surface is a little rough but will smooth out with time .
if you do a lot of baking ,  i would recommend getting two of them .
so far this bag has worked out very well .
they are sturdy ,  look attractive ,  and clean up easily .
i would buy more of these but i don t need to cuz this one worked so well .
also proved good on the area rugs . i am happy with this product .
has all the buttons ,  ports accessible ,   volume buttons and power key is covered  and fits securely on the phone .
we tried them for the first time ,  using the baked shells for a chicken salad ,  and they were perfect .
it is a good value for the price . background :  i have had a rival steamer for about num_num years .
i think this one will last much longer .
i m pleased with these measuring cups ,  especially as they re heat resilient .
with that said ,  once i installed the second protector ,  it s looks and works great .
this is one of the highest quality phone cases i have ever purchased .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
very good as i have come to expect from the past h series devices .
you just have to be careful and take your time .
even after sitting in the pot for an hour ,  the coffee still tastes fresh .
i wish i could change my rating upward; this is real customer service .
they are starting to eat healthier and they love this product .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
i really found this product to be wonderful ,  compared to others which i have used .
the animal tool that comes with the num_extend works well .
this battery is flawless and is by far the best solution for more juice .
but i would think it should last longer . it s easy to clean and easy to fill .
i was happy to see that they were still made them .
should have bought one years ago !  buy it !  well constructed ,  works very well .
purchased this product to give to the lady who does my nails .
i gave this product num_num stars because it is the best i have found .
i really like the amount of heat and steam generated by this machine .
i bought two of these for use in a tiny kitchen and they have made life easier .
i also like the little blue light it has to show you it s ready to charge .
we have a bar type and quality old fashion single toggle osterizer mixer for num_num years .
the first thing i learned about this roller is that dough resting is very important .
this works just fine with my moto x phone .
this is heavy and made of good quality .
the lid that comes with the num_num quart dutch oven fits this pan . it s easy to clean .
i have owned this for a quite a while now and it s still going strong .
small and light weight for putting in your pocket or purse .
also ,  the sound quality from this is much better .
when other people used it for coffee it also did the job .
this fit her iphone num_num great with no issues .
i had never seen the round kind before ,  but went ahead and got this one .
found some recipes on pinterest and ordered this item .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
the price is right ,  and it s is very quiet ,  too !  i would definitely recommend this fan !  .
i purchased two of these and love them .
we now juice almost daily and this has been one of the best buys we ever made .
a great all around pan that can be used for more then just making pizza .
looks brand new after a wipe down with damp cloth .
i love this pot ,  i use it more than any other .
this is the second fan of this model i have bought and have not been disappointed yet .
you get what you pay for ,  and this pan is a quality item .
i ve found motorola to have quality products ,  and this is much of the same .
i m happy with this product because i saved money .
lodge is well worth the money and if cared for will last longer than i will .
i have been cooking over num_num years ,  and this is the best press i have ever used .
the motor has plenty of torque and you can tell the difference between each of the num_num speed settings .
never been disappointed with lodge products . i have others and love them in my kitchen .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
other than that it is a good product .
i m really impressed with the quality of them .
i like these so much ,  i m thinking of buying a second pair for the gym ,  home ,  etc .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
nothing else would have been so easy to cook in and so easy to clean .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i just got mine after reading several reviews on this model .
nice looking case with clean stitching well made .
i have owned this for num_num months and i m quite satisfied .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
they work just like all the other ,  love wilton .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
a little pricey ,  since the plantronics num_extend is cheaper and reviews rate it just as nice .
first i must say ,  great price for this product .
i would definitely recommend this seller and product to everyone .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i got a good deal on this cyber monday ,  and decided i d take a chance .
i thought it would be white but it s more of a light grey ,  which i am very happy with .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
you can tell the difference between oxo wooden utensils and others because of the quality .
this product was usable right out of the box .
my other phone cases are a glossy plastic that handle wear very well .
bought this last year and i am still using it .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i will purchase again and again from reallook .
still ,  i like this product and would definitely buy it again .
after using this item for months i am % happy with it .
these are great !  heavy metal and very well made .
guess it is geared toward the pros !  but at the end ,  i did just fine .
that is not a problem ,  just a personal design preference overall great case for the price .
i just want you to know that i like the product and think that you will too .
i have had this cheap little kettle for more than num_num years and it still works great .
she says ,  it does a good job and there isn t anything about it she doesn t like .
i think this is the best starter that amazon sells ,  i love the taste .
but i would purchase this case again .  .  . great colors and very sturdy .
i wanted something that would be as good .
i am so glad that i found this item !  .
the headphones that come with it are really comfortable and have good sound quality .
also great if you have a long way to reach on the usb port of your computer .
i would recommend this product to anyone in need of another battery .
i ve use this several times and it works great .
bought this product for a friend and she is still using the same piece .
this hanger works out so well with all my smaller items that i wash by hand .
this product is really good and easy to use .
they are very easy to put on and last a very long time .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
i purchased this product for my daughter ,  and she liked it .
this keeps my bb charged all day long .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i should have read the fine print but as far as the pitcher is concerned i am very pleased .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
i bought this rascal and am absolutely amazed that such a simply constructed tool can be so efficient .
they work fine but this upgrade is a much improved set .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
when i bought this years ago ,  i fell in love with it .
this product is great .  .  . and i now have num_num of them .
it does just what i wanted it to do .
barring anything that turns up after regular use ,  i expect i will be very happy with this item .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
the real color was darker than the picture but is cute too .
it fits a lot more lettuce than i would have thought .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
it s durable for an amazing price ,  definitely getting this again !  .
they are great they work nice they have very good sound .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
this is a basic screen protector ,  and is crystal clear .
i do like a toaster that allows you to lift the toast up ,  which this one does .
the blade is different on the new ones .   this product lasts a long time and does it s job well .
over all what we were looking for and well use it for .
she has been very satisfied with the performance of this item and recommends it to others .
i would order again and recommend to friends .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
i have been very happy with this battery .
this product works great ,  my phone died on a camping trip ,  and i had bought num_num of these .
i ve had this pot more than num_num years ,  and it still looks new .
we got this pitcher as a wedding gift and we ve been using it now for over num_num years .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
it works really good with my galaxy note num_extend
i am pleased with this product and plan to order another today .
both were very easy to make and both came out great .
love this just worry that the silver might flake off but other then that i love it to death .
the case is made of very good material .
it is been num_num weeks now and i am quite happy with the head set .
these are great and last a really long time .
my husband is obsessed with this little gadget .
i have a feeling that these will last forever .
have been very robust after num_num months of constant use .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
i really like this set because it makes it easier to ensure you have the right measure .
purchased this as a gift for a family member with a droid bionic .
this headset works so well with my num_extend
they have great sound and battery life for the price .
as many others have said this holds my mophie for my num_extend perfect .
purchased this product and i am very pleased with it .
i tried all the flavorings that came with it ,  our favorite is the original and the teriyaki .
i m a big oxo fan and this thing is just awesome !  berries ,  herbs ,  salad; it all spins dry .
there are so many colors to choose from and they all match together .
i will likely buy another of these fans next month .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
i ve had this pan for num_num days now ,  and am very impressed with it .
buy this one ,  and especially since this product is made in the usa ,  this is a real good buy ! enjoy !  .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
i m very happy with this product and will come back for more .
i would recommend this because it worked as it said .
i use these with my melting chocolate and they work great !  !  all num_num colors were as described .
clip is strong enough to hook on jeans pocket .
fit the phone very well and stayed put for about num_num months .
i will definitely buy these again for my future phones .
i have never been disappointed in any taylor thermometer they seem to be well made ,  accurate and durable .
i really liked this product i got it because it was the easiest to use .
it s beautiful and still worthy num_num stars ,  but consider storage before you purchase .
both chargers also work well with other devices that charge through the usb port .
but at the end of the day it does what it should and i like it .
i have been using this knife for num_num months and i am really pleased with it .
it is still usable ,  i just wish it didn t curl .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
i have no complains about this excellent piece of technology .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
it even fits in there with this case ,    .  .  .  very much worth the $ i paid .
we are very happy with this product and recommend it to anyone who wants fresh tasting water .
these charger hold up better than any other car charger you can get for this price .
it fits very well ,  even with the num_extend extended battery .
i recommend this product ,  and the price was great .
i have had several electric water warmers this is very sophisticated yet easy to use .
the convection part is fantastic for heating up leftover pizza or anything else for that matter .
would buy these again and still have on my phone .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
after num_num months of use i m happy this headset with one caveat .
i love corelle ,  they always make quality products that last a long time .
it is a very basic design ,  but that s what makes it so good .
the marine life shapes make learning a little more fun .
i have made it through num_num varieties so far ,  and i like them all .
as i said is very comfortable ,  with lightweight design with up to num_num hours of talk time .
my num_num year old mother loves this case .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
but for a normal charger it does work .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
they aren t large but i have found that to be a plus .
i can t tell you how happy i have been with these glasses .
the mount was solid enough to support the weight of the phone .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
i like the fact that this thermometer can be read from nearly any angle .
this filled the need nicely with great quality .
i think that every household in the world should have one of these .
high quality ,  great product and kitchenaid stands behind their products .
this stovetop brewer is a great buy for num_num bucks .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
this is perfect as a heavy evo user needs at least num_num batteries .
i have to say they are much better than the num_extend
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
move it around until the speaker is right over the ear .
i couldn t be more pleased with this juicer .
however ,  this is a perfect product in my opinion .
so once again i turned to amazon and found this stove top percolator and in stainless steel .
i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
they are right ,  it s very sharp ,  easy to hold ,  and light .
this device is soo handy and so desperately needed i now have two of these .
but after saying all of that ,  i love this case .
i can use them together with zero problems and zero line interference in my audio . i highly recommend this product .
i would recommend buying any type of screen protectors from this seller .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
i ve had them for quite a while and they re still like brand new .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
i recommend this item to anyone looking for great value .
other than that i don t have any problem with this extremly well made product . belkin keep up the great work !  !  .
i ve been using almost num_num months and still love it .
it makes me feel like a real chef when i use it !  .
i love this product ,  because it works as well as the original ,  but it costs much less .
this was worth what i paid for it .
i hope this helps anyone deciding on the defender case .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
i love that they are so thin and store easier than the previous ones i had .
my kids love them and they will last a very long time .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
this product from wilton really fit the bill .
just have patience and you will get it done !  .
want to sip this brew when you first pour it .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
if you are looking for an rfid blocking wallet ,  this is definitely one you should consider .
:   the thing is ,  there is nothing wrong with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
i got such a good price on a set of num_extend i bought num_num sets .
i use it for so many different things .
bought for my cell phone the charger is great i have it at work to charge my phone .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i ve been using this device for about num_num months and i absolutely love it .
i haven t had any problems with this item and would recommend it to anyone !   :   .
this usb cable is one of the best purchases i have made from amazon .
recommended for a starter kitchen . diana faillace von behren reneofc  .
these work great ,  easy to install ,  will last pretty much forever ,  and look good too !  .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
you don t have to have problems with you hands to appreciate good grips products .
because otterbox has great customer service for this product ,  i will continue buying them .
happy with this purchase and recommend to others .
i am pleased with this product and plan to order another today .
this is a plus for me because i am still experimenting with times .
i am thoroughly satisfied with this purchase and .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
i have used a steam canner for over num_num years and have had excellent results .
we have made so many tasty dishes with this thing its unreal .
i like the fact that this product is clear .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
i bought about num_num of these just to have on hand while the others are in the dishwasher .  .  . love them !  !  !  .
with the slightly smaller than standard size ,  this is a great bargain .
if you can get this at a good price ,  it does what it s supposed to .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
it heats up in about num_num minutes and does well at keeping hot throughout the cooking process .
i would choose this vacuum cleaner any day over a full size upright ! pros .
this press does its job well ,  and is very solid feeling ,  seems like it will last a long time .
this plantronics num_extend is simply the best unit i have ever used .
the keyboard is the best ever on a cell phone ,  nothing comes better than this .
i am so glad that i purchased this .
i have the num_num piece set of this product  ,  its a gem .
there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them .
i love this coffee maker !  i have used these for the last several years .
came on time and i do have many screen protectors but i really like this one .
for someone who needs something on the go this is probably the best option i ve come across .
that also makes me feel a little  greener  when i do that .
this is a great case !  i love how it looks .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
cuts down on screen brightness a little ,  but overall a good item and worth the money .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
this came fast and have been able to use to protect the phone .
i even do spot checks myself just to make sure and yes it still works .
that being said ,  the features of this coffee maker make it an excellent and useful machine .
this device is the best protection you can buy for your iphone num_num or num_extend
every time i see it i know that my ka artisan will be with me for many years .
i didnt know tht so i was very happy about that .
this stuff is so good ,  can t believe it .
and for the price surprise your friends with a gift that they will use over and over again .
you can even charge it while its in this case .
said that she would recommend this case to everyone who has has iphone num_num or num_extend
i love this case ,  my family has num_num iphones and i have this case on all of them .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
you can superglue it back together and it will still work .
i ended up buying this knife because i really liked the look of the handle .
well when i got them they do work .
i would recommend them to anyone that really cares about their phone and taking good care of it !  .
this is a very good thermos ,  replacing my num_num quart model that accidentally got thrown away .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
i actually bought it because i think i can can bottlesin it .
this product works well and i recommend to everyone .
i ve been using this for several weeks now and it does quite well .
pretty good sound and quality ,  not a lot of bass as excepted for this type of product .
crispy and golden brown on the outside ,  soft on the inside .
it s fun ,  and they love it when we make popcorn to top off the day .
we have a grill press just like this and bought this one for our friends .
i got this set about num_num years ago and we just love them .
i ve bought this pot set num_num months ago and i m very happy with it .
i used this for my razr maxx hd and it worked as advertised .
i love that it has wheels .  . it s very easy to move around the house .
it s made of some sturdy plastic that stays pretty clean for the most .
the same very high quality of other pans i own from this company .
i can t say enough good things about this product .
the customer support is some of the best i have come across in a long time .
it took a very long time to come ,  but it s very nice and worth the wait .
i find this product very useful and innovative .
well i found this one easy and great to use .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
i have no complaints and i highly recommend this product .
i am happy with the service ,  delivery and product .
i purchased these less than a month ago and they are working well so far .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i am already in love with this phone and i can t wait for the updates to rollout .
we didn t  need them but nice to know they re there .
i would recommend this and any other of their products from my reviews in a second .
this the the best we had ever used .
i ve waited over two years to write this review and it s working as well as day one .
the thing is firm plastic with a decent grip and it doesn t stick in your pocket .
this helps make a little difference when you are icing a cake .
i like them and would recommend them so far .
i have used it several times since it arrived and have been very happy with it .
glad there is so many different ear buds to choose from .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
the motor is so powerful that you actually get a suction effect on the bottom of the bowl .
the sides give you more of a grip while using your phone .
they last for a long time and seem to do their job .
would  and have  recommend this style to anyone .
i think this one will last much longer .
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone .
works very well with my samsung galaxy num_extend phone .
i bought this item over a year ago and it s my second one !  i love this thing .
i was happy to see that they were still made them .
this is a good quality product and seems to be working as per description .
charger comes with this unit !  a nice num_extend
this stylus seems well made and functions as well as others i have used .
for the price that you pay for these ,  the quality is amazing .
i will update this review if my opinion changes ,  but right now i m very pleased with this purchase .
have been wanting one of these for awhile and it sure will make things easier .
i got this fryer after seeing all the positive reviews for it ,  and i haven t been disappointed .
this one is great . never be without one again .
i received this can opener as a housewarming gift with many other utensils and gadgets .
it s nice since you get a lot more coffee flavor than using regular brewed coffee .
this thing makes me feel like i m a real chef .
this is a great product and the price on amazon is much less than at home depot .
not only is this a cool looking coffeemaker ,  it s simple to use and makes a tasty pot of coffee .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
this product works well but i m taking away a star for ease of use .
putting the iphone to charge is also very easy and they have given adapters for num_extend and num_extend
well worth the money because this will be the last press i buy .
other then that ,  i really like it and the color pink is nice also .
i still have this and i still really love it .
this is a nice container ,  but i had expected something a bit larger .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
i love it !  going to be buying several more for gifts . i ve had this for about num_num months now .
its really easy to use my phone and i would recommend these .
they last about num_num years or more if you take really good care of them .
i bought this bread maker from amazon a couple of weeks ago and i am really pleased .
this is quite good even though the old one was shorter and wider .
definitely worth the num_num minutes or so it takes to put it together .
if you read the other reviews they state that the coffee is the perfect temperature and i agree %
i have this set and they really are great .
i thought it was just gold . but anyways i recommend this item .
i have many kitchenaid items in my kitchen and ,  as always ,  would recommend this to anyone .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
much better and sturdier than the other after market ones i have purchased in the past .
other than that this product is a must ,  even for the occasional blender user .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
this is the best price !  for something that i thought i would have difficulty finding .
these have been packed and moved a couple of times also .
got this for my num_num year olds new ipod touch .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
however ,  i only fry once or twice a month ,  and for that ,  this little machine is perfect .
this case is better than the $ case i used before .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
if you take care of these they will be around for a long time .
this machine should last us for some years to come .
i bought this along with many other parts when i was rebuilding a droid incredible .
such good coffee ,  all coffee lovers should have a pot like this one for great to remember coffee .
i ve been using this cord for a few months now ,  and it s still working great .
there is a reason for that ,  they are good and they work .
each waffle only takes about num_num seconds to cook . easy to clean .
this does work in boosting your signal and does it well .
works great ,  and we get num_num spare wires taped to the bottom of the unit .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
this product is low priced but looks and fits great ,  with excellent protection .
it took be about num_num minutes ,  and i definitely recommend using a rubber mallet .
just received this unit ,  and i m very happy with it so far .
i saw something like this at a hotel i stayed at and it worked great .
this electric sharpener did just as advertised and put a nice blade on all my knives .
it works well enough for melting cheese ,  but has some num_extend
i like this phone case as much as my pink one .
i love these cases just because they look really pretty .
this and the num_num headsets are one of the finest headsets of all time .
i also used the original battery that came with the phone .   the batteries work well and do last longer .
i like these bags a lot because they are convenient ,  and they are reusable and tough .
exact same battery that came with the phone !  perfect match .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
for the price ,  i would definitely recommend others to purchase this knife .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i get that level of compatibility with my num_extend
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
will never buy another brand for my phone again !  !  very happy with this product .
i ve had it for about a week now ,  and i have to say ,  i love this thing .
this is a good size to fry num_num or num_num eggs .
i have arthritis and this press made it much easier to make patties .
i would recommend it to anyone and everyone !  .
this product is great .  .  . and i now have num_num of them .
still ,  we hope they will hold up as good ,  but time will tell .
i really like these pans ! they are a nice ,  heavy weight .
looking forward to a long relationship with this product !  .
i received this french press as a christmas gift .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
have bought a few coffe bean grinders and so far this is the best for the price .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
i liked got this one for the fact that the cover fits and locks .
i know that if your battery comes damaged they will help you out .
gives me very good battery life im happy with this product .
we needed something like this to hold all the vacuum accessories ,  and this is perfect .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
i encourage you to read all the other reviews for more detail about this quality product .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
hope they make it in a smaller size .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
this knife is really sharp and it s been num_num months and i haven t had to sharpen it yet .
as other reviewers have mentioned the blue light is very bright .
and the six foot cord makes it better than the original  !  .
they are pretty and exactly the right size so i am giving them num_num stars .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
comes with cover ,  that is nice not have to purchase seperte cpver .
i ordered four of these covers ,  they all shipped very fast and work great .
customer support from nokia has been top notch for num_extend
excellent ,  quality steak knifes that maintain their sharpness even after several uses and washes .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
i have been trying more and more oxo products ,  and was pleased to find the can opener .
i think it looks really cool and much more expensive than what i paid for it .
i ve used num_num screen protectors while i ve had my evo and this is tops .
a fine product that actually does what it s supposed to do .
so $ for this kit was very much worth it .
as with every kitchenaid product i have purchased ,  this is a quality piece of equipment .
this has been a great tool in my bag for quite some time .
it seemed like a good idea and it was !  my husband and i both love it .
i love this product and would buy it again .
i ve been using this product for over a year with consistant ,  excellent results .
if you can t inherit your grandma s skillet this is a good substitute .
it keeps the tea very hot for long time .
i think this is the best i have come across and i would buy this product again .
did the simple one turn every three minutes .
its a great card holder .  . it fits about num_num cards .
this is a great headset and you won t be disappointed !  .
this is good for all soft and or gooey ingredients .
this one seems to be doing a good job .
other than that i think that it is great .
this is the first cast iron product i have ever bought or owned and i absolutely love it !  .
so far i have not had a problem with it . i strongly recommend this holster .
it does this wonderfully . that s what it s for ,  it s not for soup or anything like that .
the only thing i don t like is the fact that the printing is so small ,  otherwise it s great !  .
my item not only came num_num business days after i ordered ?  but it was absolutely perfect .
despite all this the mount does work as well .
the pepper mill does a great job grinding too and i really like it . very pleased with this product !  .
however ,  i did succeed in using this method ,  and it works very well .
overall good value and a product i can use for a very long time .
i contacted them about it ,  and they were very friendly .
i still have some indoor learning to do with it ,  but i really like it .
i purchased this item because of the great reviews and the popular brand name .
i bought this to replace my burned out blender and it is going strong .
i ve had mine for num_num years and it still gets a pretty good workout .
they are a bit more expensive than standard tongs ,  but are well worth the money .
they last about num_num years or more if you take really good care of them .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
i think that this is one of the finest wedding presents you could get for a new bride .
i love them they go with almost anything that you may have .
this frother works great and has more power than others i have owned , go for it !  .
and it has a handle . really ,  what else could you want ?  .
so i bought this one as a replacement and am very happy .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
i have been using these for several months and they are fabulous .
this little machine does what it is suppose to .
and this particular popper does a great job .
overall ,  i am very satisfied with this product .
i don t know if it s the name brand or what but i love this food processor .
the only problem is that it is not hot pink ,  it s more purple than pink but it s still cute .
corelle has a great reputation that has been a part of my family for over num_num years .
not very creative ,  but i really like this case .
the only complaint i have is it could be louder ,  but it serves my purpose .
i agree with what some others have said .
used this for the first time this morning and it worked well .
but this is good because it had at least num_num more size than usual .
that way i can buy them when they get a nice shipment in .
would recommend this to anyone who makes sauces or gravies .
these films are awesome !  they do not scratch as easily .
the fit is very comfortable ,  and the headset is light enough to wear for some time .
this is a great case that really protects your phone .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i have had no trouble with the usb ports ,  they work great .
i was a little disappointed . overall though it s a nice pot and i am happy with the purchase .
they are now num_num years old and have held up very well .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i mean ,  this thing really is shiny and pretty .
i have found this to be a very convenient size of pot .
came with a recipe book which gives cooking time for quite a few products .
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
these are definitely more attractive ,  and would probably be pleasing to those who care about style .
no more !  this oven perfectly and evenly cooks our pizzas in num_num minutes or less .
they are easy to install and come with three of them .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
much better than the ones that came with the bb .
they work fine and even though there plastic there not flimsy .
the important part ,  does it work well ?  ,  is true to form .
i think that this is one of the finest wedding presents you could get for a new bride .
i will deffinatlly buy from this seller again .
i ve had this battery for about num_num weeks now ,  and so far ,  it is superior to the oem battery .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
this stylus is a good size and works well .
for once there is a  retro  product that seems like it will pass the test of time !  highly recommended !  .
very easy to clean with a damp microfiber cleaning cloth .
we use fresh garlic several times a week ,  so we needed something that would work well .
it sure lives up to the hype .  . it keeps my phone constantly charged up when needed .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
this is also something that one can proudly use when serving guests .
i ve tried several different fillings and all have turned out just perfect .
they have been a staple in our household .
when i received it ,  i was more than happy with the product .
there s a reason this particular model is so popular .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i got it on sale in a store for half the price but i would get again !  .
much better quality then the ones i purchased at a local specialty store .
this whisk is great because it is soft on the hand and doesn t require much pressure to control it .
this is truly the best investment i have made in a long time .
the sony dr num_extend is a very good piece of technology for the price .
i have two other sizes of this scoop and i love them all .
i am very happy with this gift and wish i would have started using it sooner .
this is an awesome headset that works better than expected .
this charging pod is a little docking station for your blackberry tour and is quite handy .
i purchased this item a while back ,  but i remember that it was great item .
gives me more control than just using the pressure gauge .
i had purchased this for my mother ,  she was very happy .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
that s what i bough  em for !  easy to clean and store .
i will probably have this one the rest of my life because it is so well made .
this is a great replacement that should not break .
everybody has been thrilled with the ice cream we ve made with it . not cheap but worth it .
but the first one that came with it years ago ,  is still great .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
i bought this press after reading the recommendations from america s test kitchen ,  and it was a great recommendation .
i love this product !  if its fully charged i can fully charge my iphone num_num or num_num times .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
i had the best customer service experience from tilia .
i just got the batteries and the charger .
i got these from fry s about num_num months ago and i love them .
so i would recommend using this for emergency situations .
i have a family member who loves this case for his iphone num_extend and recommended it to me .
this is a fine product with a great price .
after trying a lot of slider cases for the iphone num_extend i found that this to be the best .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
this is a simple metal stand that does a great job .
i did a lot of research before purchasing this set ,  and most reviews were very good .
the sharpener is worth much more than it cost .
it does well in protecting your phone when you drop it .
at first glance ,  this seems like the perfect all in one pen device .
it does one thing good and that s to charge my num_extend gen ipod nano .
i had it roughly for about num_num months and worked great on a couple of road trips .
i wear a num_extend hat to give you an idea for % recommend these .
shipping came on time and i am really happy with this product .
yes ,  it s heavy and that is a good thing .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
they work great and i don t have any complaints to make about them .
for $ i wasn t expecting much but both the batteries and the charger have worked very well .
now clean up is a breeze ,  so i use the grill even more than ever before .
a family member saw us using this product and wanted one .
it s a good product ,  no regrets buying it .
easy to use and the price is right .  .  . you can t go wrong with this product .
definitely worth the price !  i would even spend $ on this phone case .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
im new to cake decorating so i have really enjoyed this book .
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well .
came in time like said it would and fit my phone great .
aesthetically ,  it still looks new . my boyfriend and i both like to cook ,  sometimes at the same time .
have had one of these for about num_num months now ,  and it works fine .
i love this phone cover !  i bought it about num_num months ago and i still love it .
i bought this knife based on a recommendation from cook s illustrated .
she loves it to show off her mugs . easy install and worth every penny to see her light up !  !  .
this one has stood the test of time and wear .
so it was a bargain !  for that price it is definitely worth the money .
the num_extend is a nice upgrade from the num_num mah model i purchased previously ,  due to the increased power .
this case protects my phone very well and great grip .
i got this one ,  and have to say that i am very happy with it .
i really like this stylus and pen combination .
love this thing !  i bought this oven after reading many reviews .
i have used this pan several times and love it .
i love knives and scissors of this brand in general .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
i m perfectly happy with it and will probably buy another one if this one ever breaks .
i order num_num more for friends and they love it also .
it is comfortable in the hand and can handle any size can with little to no effort .
i ordered them on prime and they came right on time .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
from a setup standpoint ,  this device is very simple to set up .
it s been up for well over a month and is still firmly in place .
i have been looking for a product like this for ages and this one is fantastic .
i chose this because of the  good grip  on the product .
it is healthier and the fruit roll are much better then what you can buy at the store .
i ve had this knife now for about a year and it s just a joy to use .
the cord is stiffer and feels more solid than the others .
it still looks like the day that i got it .
this board does away with all that .  . it s great .
i replaced my phone screen with this product and for about a month ,  it worked perfectly .
but it s been over num_num months and so far so good .
i have a bb curve num_extend and this protector fit perfectly .
this is the best phone stand i could find for the price .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i bought these over a year ago and they are still going strong .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
got this coffee grinder as a gift for my sister .
these are great because you dont want to scratch your screen .
we have used it about num_num times now and each time it comes out a nice golden brown .
these fit my iphone num_num perfectly ,  and they were super affordable .
i purchased this as a gift ,  my friend is really happy and it is very useful .
i would recommend buying the lid when you buy a pan .
i bought this item on november num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
i noticed that some reviewers said this was a delicate item so i ve taken very good care of it .
the manufacture date was marked as num_num months prior to when i received it ,  so still  fresh  .
i read reviews saying that this was a wonderful pen and okay stylus .
i was really impressed with the quality and design of this item .
this one is great looking and doesn t take up a lot of space in the refrigerator .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
the plastic handle appears to be well attached and strong enough .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
they will work for what i need them for .
this battery is much better than the stock one .
the kids have fun hanging projects up and they seem like they ll last a long time .
thanks to the seller and to amazon for this cool deal !  .
this is a quality mount and well worth the money !  my experience with mountek has been great .
i have tested several external batteries before and was very impressed with the anker astro num_extend
that can get a bit messy ,  but this rack can handle just about anything .
if that sentence describes you ,  you will love this coffee maker .
i ve bought several replacement chargers over the past num_num years and this is one the best .
looks like this guy put his name on a winner that will also last a while .
we have made so many tasty dishes with this thing its unreal .
i would recommend to anyone looking for a medium sized bottle .
i m sure some one here in usa could make this product just as well as the chinese .
it didn t take long to season this and it was easy .
i recommend using an eq on your num_extend player to help it out . + build quality .
cooking with quality cookwear really does make a difference .
so overall this is a good product if you know how to use it to its advantage .
overall these are very sharp and cut through my steak like butter .
this is the best peeler i have used !  i have one and have given them as gifts numerous times .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
i made the recipe again and couldn t have been more pleased with the results .
i will update this if necessary ,  but i love this .
this battery holds a charge much longer than the original and i m very happy .
really pleased with this product and the company that sent them .
just got this today on my doorsteps and i tried it out right away .
this was shipped quickly and arrived in good shape .
so ,  long story short ,  i am pleased thus far .
i thought i would surprise her with these .
the num_extend now fits in the case much better .
this delivers chopping up a meal to a consistency that i can handle .
this case fit on my iphone num_num perfectly all ports are aligned and available .
i love this case fit a iphone num_num good .
i think this is much more cost effective than buying bottled water .
this one is still going and comes from a good company .
i ve never used for anything other than making sparkling water and it works great .
i would buy this again and i would recommend it to friends and family .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
the case fits like a glove and i love the plastic piece that holds the case on .
i am very happy with these pans ,  they are very sturdy and thick .
my girl wanted this for some mexican food and they worked like a charm .
this battery work well in the older phones for which it is intended .
this is a good product for drying out vegetables .
still ,  these are minor and this device works much better than others we have had before .
really wanted something not to heavyweight that was waterproof ,  worked well ,  and had good battery .
for a plastic spatula ,  this one is pretty good ,  thin and flexible .
it takes about num_num hours to charge the headset and i ve found that the battery life is pretty reasonable .
it worked fit and was durable the way an otterbox should have been .
i bought this for my weekend mountain hikes .
i think he will love and and put some of his animals and other things in it .
i m also very pleased with the quality of this product .
this product is as great as they described it .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
but if you just want it stuck on your arm ,  it works !  .
still ,  given its efficiency and ease of use ,  i highly recommend this product .
i bought this as a gift for my adult son and he loves it .
i love this and make them once a week for the num_num years i have owned it .
i am very pleased that it is in fact so quiet i can actually fall asleep at night .
i got these and they were just as expected .
this gadget is not advertised as a lime squeezer ,  but it does the job .
well worth the money spent ,  but be prepared to wait for shipping if it s coming from another country .
the other thing that i really like about this charger is its versatility .
this phone just feels so much more natural .
num_num stars because they are well built headphones .
also great that the bottom is rounded and does not collect water in the dishwasher .
bottom line ,  this is an elegant leather case .
i should have bought more . this is a wonderful electric kettle .
i haven t really used a lot of juicers before ,  but this is a great juicer .
the cutting edges on this oxo peeler are sharp .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
the reason is because it was priced right and i think it s stainless steel .
after using it for num_num months ,  i love it .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
the features ,  styling and performance have always been impressive for their time .
if you have several apple products like my family you will love this little gadget .
it does exactly what it should ,  and feels like a quality product .
also i think they are just cute ,  i like all my fiestawear dishes :   .
there are many tips online that will help you fix almost anything .
these don t fall off ,  the mic works well ,  and they re priced nicely .
i ve used used this several times  mostly scrambled eggs  and love it .
my husband has put this thing through the ringer ,  and it has held up very well .
i ve tried this product and can verify that it does work quite well .
just make sure you tip it a couple of times while straining and it will come out .
but other than that it does its job .
i use a standard num_extend paint brush ,  and that seems to work pretty well .
long story short it works pretty good for what i need it for and not bad for the price .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
you can also use the top of this unit to keep other food items hot .
i bought num_num of these as gifts and everyone likes them a lot .
:   looking forward to do some zucchini noodles with it !  .
this was an outstanding purchase that was made for my daughter iphone .
love these cases purchased one in about num_num different colors .
i ve owned one just like this one for over num_num years ,  and have really been pleased with it .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
we are pleased with it so far after a couple of months .
i really like it and it works great !  .
it still looks and performs like new after several years .
this num_extend covered fry pan is of good quality .
that is how much i love this product .
not sure how i m feeling about all this . so far new unit works well .
i thought this would be good to have as a supplement to the two bionics we have .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
they are the best quality knives that we have ever owned .
another product that kept producing great tasting coffee .
this is my second anker battery because they are that impressive .
i have dried everything i could think of and the jerky is great .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
i hope that it will last for years to come .
pros : more than any other part ,  i like the earpiece that goes in the ear .
the little spatula that comes with it is perfect to reach into the cup to scrape out the bowl .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
this screen protector did the job for my phone .
i bought this kettle num_num years ago and it s still going strong .
i needed something small for side dishes and this num_num quart is perfect .
with a larger handle i d give this pitcher five stars .
we have had this popper for around num_num months and it works great .
this juicer is by far the best quality and price .
ive used this screen num_num times now and they worked perfect .
this thing has made our old carpet look good and extend it s life .
i think this is the best tasting yogurt i have ever had .
they are about equal in quality ,  with this one being slightly less expensive .
they have a nice heft to them ,  a great contour and curvy feet .
i love these cases just because they look really pretty .
package arrived on time and in great shape .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
first time buying this brand and we re thrilled .
by far the best cell phone case i have ever owned .
unfortunately ,  this can cool the tea more than one would like .
i ve been using this for a few week s ,  and it does a nice job .
i really like this measuring cup ,  it is solid feeling yet light weight .
i have purchased this product twice and both times i have been very satisfied .
this set is sturdy and has lasted me num_num years .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
these are the best spatula s i have ever used .
this one holds num_num extra large eggs at one time and they come out perfectly every time .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
this does just as it says it will .
these are great and just as good as the more expensive ones .
i really like the quality of this screen .
she loves hers too !  i would recommend buying this mixer .
after num_num months of use the case is still going strong !  i am very happy with quality and construction !  .
you can see from the other reviewers mixed reviews of this device . this is a very good honing device .
this samsung galaxy tab num_extend tablet screen protector film fits perfectly on the tablet .
the price was just right for this item .
num_num years later ,  they still look great ,  like new .
we have been married num_num years and this by far is the best can opener we have ever owned !  .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
there are so many uses for this product that i can t rave enough .
i have num_num dogs and i love that i can do a quick clean up .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
this spoon does the job ,  it s great quality and i just love the look .
i got this one for a good deal with the free shipping .
i am very happy that this product worked .
my fault completely ! i m very satisfied with this mandoline .
it really does make a difference when you cook your meat .
i bought this pan on a special sale and it gets used almost every day .
he is very pleased with the build and performance .
i have three of them and they work great .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i like strong ,  hot coffee and this pot produces it perfectly .
it s got a powerful motor and i ve never had an issue when processing any ingredients .
i will surely do business with this company again !  .
i would recommend this product for what it is as well .
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
but it is just what i wanted and the price is great .
these were perfect for what i ended them for .
got it for our old iphone num_extend works well .
the carafe keeps coffee at a good temperature for up to num_num hours .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived .
after purchasing and using it ,  i found that the reviewers were right on .
nice to have in the car in case we need to charge our iphones .
i would recommend this product to my friends .
there s not much that you can say about gaskets ,  accept that these are great quality for the price .
always have a back up ,  came just in time as well .
charger comes with this unit !  a nice num_extend
great product i have ordered few because i keep break mine or just losing them all together .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
other than that ,  this is a great product !  .
much better looking and you don t have to fight to get the phone out of your pocket .
i would buy this product again and recommend it to others .
i will be buying this again for her .
i ve had this product for about a year now and i really like it ,  good choice .
this thing does exactly what it is supposed to do and it does it well .
will order again when and if i ever need another one .
just a great piece of equipment to own if you have an iphone .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
the flavor is better and the design is improved over the ones i used num_num years ago .
they are very durable and they last a very long time ,  if you take care of them .
this is just the right size for him .
i got this kit so i could have a tip large enough for eclairs .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
other than that though ,  it s an excellent buy for the price ,  and my tea has never been better .
i have a motorola num_extend that i recently ordered and these worked on it like a charm .
the grill was even better than i expected after reading the other reviews .
it is a bit expensive but i think it is worth the money .
it is a bit expensive but i think it is worth the money .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
it would be a big improvement if they did . overall i am really happy with these .
these are my favorite spatula set that i bought from amazon .
now feel safer with this case on it .
the fresh brew is smoother and has a better taste . this product was made in china .
this is an good little plastic case for the iphone num_extend
enough that you do notice that they are there .
very pleased with its quality and with this purchase .
this is just a solid fat separator with all the features that you need .
please progressive ,  listen to your customers and bring back the old style from num_extend
i would recommend this product to who ever does not own a paper clip .
there is nothing like a homemade angel food cake !  this is the perfect pan .
worried about the other reviews ,  i made sure to follow the charging instructions perfectly .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
for best results ,  it is recommended to repeat this procedure twice a week .
this is a very nicely designed coffee maker which makes flavorful ,  hot cofee very well .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
first thought of an air popper ,  but this thing is so much better .
that being said ,  i m very pleased with this .
however ,  if you re just looking for something that simply gets the job done of holding ,  it does well .
i also like that it tells you when you are connected .
this one does it just like it should .
i gifted this one and feel confident that the teen will love it too .
i would buy this product again and will continue to buy oxo products !  .
would recommend this to anyone who doesn t want a mess on their table .
i ve found that it grinds very evenly and consistently at all levels of grinds .
i was pleased with this product and would use it again .
if you want nice dinnerware ,  please keep moving along .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
i could have spent a lot more but this is perfect for my needs .
i ve had trouble with others in the past but this one works really well .
makes me feel more organized than i really am !  .
these racks are so easy to use i should have bought more and probably will later .
it s very robust and i m looking forward to using it for a long time .
this worked just as the one that came with the phone .
i have been using this canner for two years and love it .
i contacted anker for support and they were great .
i love being able to use these with my phone and num_extend player .
this does the job and does it well .
this vic firth unit is the best i have ever used .
i love cuisinart products and this pan is no exception .
i bought this after reading different reviews on several frothers and i am so glad i bought this one .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
definitely would order again !  thank you for the cute new product  :   .
otherwise ,  this is a superior product and is worth the money .
like other reviewers ,  i am impressed with this bumper for the price .
comes out perfect every single time !  it doesn t stick at all .
this speaker sounds great ,  and has a good battery life .
i have been using this for almost a month now and it keeps my tea very hot .
i have had four coffee grinders in num_num years and this is the best one yet .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
this little stand does the job and it cost under num_num bucks !  .
i bought these because they are compatible to my bunn coffee maker .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
they really got this right !  i will never use a different brand ever again .
i really enjoy this unit ,  for the simple fact that it is a dual speaker .
the design is good ,  and the adapter goes sideways when plugged into an outlet .
i really like this product and would recommend to anyone looking to make their own jerky or dried fruits .
if you have the space for this baby ,  it will be your best friend .
this one was the best item that i could buy in this price .
i have had good luck with pyrex products and they last for quite a while .
this was the best price around the one we had was over num_num years old .
this item is very sturdy and keeps food very fresh in the freezer for several months .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
mine looks different that the one pictured but i don t care because it works flawlessly !  .
loved using this with my iphone num_num because it matched the cover .
i generally like zyliss products and added this one to my kitchen .
i will be ordering these again in the new future .
these things are not that cheap ,  but they work ,  produce great tasting water and lots of it .
the other reviewers are correct when they say this is a quality product .
this is a nice num_num foot long cable .
these fit really great on an iphone num_extend and they were very easy to apply .
this one arrived and does work as expected .
now i can make tea with ease and effortless . very cheap and good quality  : d .
i have a five quart mixer and this fits perfectly .
these screen protectors were very easy to install .
she loves hers too !  i would recommend buying this mixer .
i m very pleased with this item ,  as i have been with everything else i ve gotten from oxo .
i am happy i decided to spend the money on this item .
i dropped my phone with this case on plenty of times and it kept my iphone safe .
overall ,  i m pleased with this product because it does what it s supposed to do .
a good car charger for your apple product .
i have a great set of stainless steal pans and they never get this hot or retain their heat .
we have had no problems with it and it continues to go strong .
i ve actually had this one for num_extend now ,  and had the same exact one earlier and it was perfect .
that being said ,  this tool does make it easier .
these are great headphones ,  but they take a little getting use to  my first pair of bluetooth headphones  .
i ve had this for about a year and it s held up fine .
i have had these before and they work well with my iphone .
this design looks like it will hold up real well .
i was able to keep the case on my iphone .
it takes very little time to pop ,  and clean up is so easy !  .
very nice feel to it ,  does not slide around .
i ve had this for years !  it still works fine and does not give me any problems .
the other one was fine but this one is much better .
he recommended this brand aside from other brands too .
the best feature on this particular model is the handle .
this is a great pitcher to use when making more than one latte .
there is much to like about this headset .
it works well and i d give it num_num stars if it weren t so loud .
all of them produce heat ,  but this is the handiest heater i have ever used .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
i would not have gotten it for myself ,  but i m very happy to have them .
have even used these to can with !  love them !   :   .
this thing is light years better than old whisks .
i can throw them in frozen and they come out well every time .
there are several layers of safety features that i really appreciate .
i wish the cup was bigger but it really does work great .
this is by far the best rice cooker i have ever come across .
this little gadget is the best cooking item i have ever owned .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
we used it for the first time last night ,  and it worked well .
this is one of the best breadmakers ever made .
the reviews were right on for this sharpener .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
the charger fits in just fine and so my head phones .
i purchased two of these at a great price of $ each from amazon for my droid num_extend
this is the best ,  easiest and fastest can opener i have used . i will never buy another kind again .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
there is a difference in quality and preformance between the under $ ones and this one .
have had it for about a year now and am still amazed by what it picks up .
i m using this product past num_num months and its b ful and awesome sound quality .
keep them oiled up and they will last a lifetime .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
this case is very nice in its protection of the iphone num_extend
it s much tougher than the belkin sleeve ,  it actually feels more protective and it s feminine but not too girly .
i really love these squeeze bottles as do other reviewers .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
i used to have a mirro ,  but this is better .
as others have said ,  these work fine and are inexpensive .
this oven does a good job with all of these items .
love this popcorn maker and have been using it probably ever other day or so for num_num months now .
this case is amazing ,  it is the best thing that can ever happen to an iphone user .
i know that this is an expensive pepper mill ,  but it is well worth it s price .
so ,  if you want an electric kettle for under $ this is a good buy .
this charger works better and faster than the original one that comes with my samsung galaxy num_extend
this dispenser works great  and i have num_num other styles as well  .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
i like this charger since my daughter can charge her ipod the same time i do my phone .
there s not much more you can ask from a roaster ,  and this does it with ease !  .
been baking for over num_num years and never had a pastry cutter ,  bought this one and love it .
i use this funnel twice a day to fill glass bottles with distilled water , works great .
the sound quality is very good num_extend out of num_num stars  .
i had this product for over num_num years and it works fine .
they are very useful tools and they feel very good in your hand .
however ,  overall this is absolutely a truly fine rack and if purchased will be certainly not regreted .
this particular style seems to hold up very well .
i am actually very pleased with this product .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
the colors are even more beautiful in person than the pictures .
still ,  i am giving it num_num stars ,  because when it works it works very well .
i know they will be pleased to have one of these .
the thing i love about this phone cover is it fits well on my phone .
i really like these and would purchase again .
i continue to purchase elago cases because of the good quality of the first few i purchased .
i wasn t disappointed . it s very well constructed ,  especially considering the low price .
very happy with this set that we purchase it again .
this particular style seems to hold up very well .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
this cookie sheet is a great size and works very well .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i have num_num dogs and i love that i can do a quick clean up .
this was a great purchasei have had others in the past with less than great long term results .
i have enjoyed using this one just like my other really big one .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
would recommend this to others if its going less than num_num dollars .
i got it together in less than num_num minutes and was able to clean my carpets immediately .
this is a must have when working with fondant or gum paste .
also tried it with my nokia num_extend and it works perfectly .
the best thing about this particular piece is the lid .
this is a wonderful product that does everything it claims to do .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i have been using these for a while now and they have held up well except the middle one .
setup is extremely easy and have had no other problems with the device .
people seemed to be able to hear me well enough ,  and the levels are fine .
and they are brand name ,  so i know they will work .
i got this product because my husband had one when he was little .
needless to say ,  i really like this pan  !  !  .
the quality of this cutting board is very good .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
i really like that they fit into the ear instead of just hanging on my ear .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
i have used it several times since it arrived and have been very happy with it .
i seen these being used on many tv cooking shows and am glad i got this particular brand .
i like this mill and will probably order more for different spices .
i can summarize that overall this is a nicely made iphone case .
delivery took about three weeks but it was well worth the wait .
i ve tried about num_num different headsets from different mfgs and these are the best ones so far .
i got this pan here on sale about num_num months ago and use it almost every day .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
this headset works great with a hearing aide .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i have had this machine for about num_num years ,  and it is excellent and very reliable .
we use it a lot ,  and it is something that is great to have when you need it .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
this holster fits the bill ,  and came as described by the seller .
i bought this headset because i heard great reviews about it form my friend who also works out .
being able to wear around your neck is very handy .
i would recommend this product to family and friends .
i haven t used them yet but really looking forward to the experience .
i would recommend this product versus buying a $ pack from the cell phone stores .
very fast if you order more than one phone .
i have yet to be able to find it naturally .
i highly recommend this iron ,  you will not be disappointed !  .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
i bought this case for my epic num_extend and love it .
i have been using this for my tablet ,  and num_num slrs and it work perfectly .
nothing wrong with the case at all !  protects the phone and looks great .
but the thing that i like the most is that the edges are rounded .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
in fact this case is extremely easy to take on and off in general .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
we give it num_num stars and num_extend thumbs up !  .
there s a lot to like about this timer that you won t find in many others .
it s compact and classy . for the price you really can t go wrong with this product .
anyway ,  i ve used this cake plate many times and i really enjoy it .
works good . bought num_num and keep the num_extend one in the boat .
i received the screen protectors in a timely manner and they were what i wanted .
these batteries have held up for over a year now .
i purchased this case about a month ago and it has done its job .
i purchased this a few years back  not from amazon  and loved it .
this mug ,  without a doubt ,  is the best insulated travel mug ever put on the market .
i have used this charger during and after school and it works .
and it is a very good value for the price .
it keeps the beverages hot more than num_num hour .
i thought they were great and even put one in my office kitchen .
these are very well made and look like they will last for many years .
i like the fact that i have more control over the texture of my mashed potatoes .
i bought num_num of these hoping they would fit under my kitchen sink ,  and they fit perfectly .
this is the third case i have tried for the phone and this one is by far the best .
it holds heat quite well if covered with plastic wrap .
they have great customer service and always deliver quality products .
we have had this press for num_num months now ,  and we are completely satisfied .
i purchased these in december of num_extend and in march of num_num they still work like a charm .
they get daily use and have been holding up very well .
this case is very sturdy ,  it really protects the phone .
it s compact and classy . for the price you really can t go wrong with this product .
outside of the odor i am also very happy with the honeywells and have had them over num_num years .
overall ,  i m pleased with this product because it does what it s supposed to do .
my expectations have been met ,  so i would recommend this product .
i ve had this set of mixing bowls for num_num years and they have served me well .
it s nice and thick ,  so i don t worry about breaking it .
i don t have any issues with the fit and so far it has worked well .
they came just like they said they would and in great shape .
i also like that you can see how much soap is left .
we have been using ours for about num_num years and it is still going strong .
and there not all that expensive ,  and they clean up great .
loved that this case was easy to take off and put on .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
had to read some really fine print to find that little gem  .
it arrived very fast and was very inexpensive .
these are made very well but not that well .
i have been using it for num_num weeks and am incredibly satisfied with this purchase .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
i rated this product num_num stars because it makes a really great cup of coffee .
if you like a lot of color you will love this one .
will be buying from this seller again ! thanks ,  susan .
i loved my cheapies so much that i just had to have another pair with better quality .
i bought this set for my sister because i love mine so much .
thanks to all the other reviewers who rated this knife so highly !  .
fits perfectly even after being taken on and off numerous times .
never thought i would love a juicer so much .
everyone understands these icons ,  in just about every format or every os they re ever presented in .
i purchased num_num of them and they have worked out perfectly .
i just started getting into cast iron cooking and it is much better than anything else i have used .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
fast ,  lots of power ,  well built ,  and both sets of blades preform very well .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
this is great !  i should have bought one of these years ago .
i would love to have this same mixer with a larger bowl .
i was so pleased with them that i bought a second set .
is not the more expensive one ,  but for the price your are buying a very very good product .
i do think it could be a little more rigid but the softness does help with the shock protection .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
this case did a good job protecting his phone .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i always use warm water to make my coffee .
overall ,  very impressed with everything this pan can handle .
i am delighted with this board and am so looking forward to making christmas cookies on it !  !  .
i purchased this item because the price was so great .
i am very pleased with this purchase and anticipate that it will last a very long time .
this is really one of the best things i have bought from amazon .
i m very happy with this product and will come back for more .
calls are easy and call quality is great .
i bought this some time ago and it has held up well .
even though these clips are small ,  they are really sturdy .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
it is universal and will work with any phone .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
you can use it right away !  i made mac n cheese and broiled without having to change pots .
it worked great on the apple ipod touch num_extend and num_extend as well as on the kindle fire num_extend
i have used this starter six times and each batch was great .
it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price .
easy to clean and to use  does not leak even as a num_extend item  .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
it s sharp enough to cut just about anything ,  and light enough that it doesn t fatigue your hand or wrist .
its nice black leather with a magnet closer that actually works .
for the price i have not seen a better case out there and i would highly reccomend this case !  .
seems like it would last a while and is sturdy .
although i find the price a little steep but i m happy with this purchase .
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived .
i would purchase again from this seller in the future !  .
i have nothing but praise for this product and the delivery time was exceptional .
thought it would be a hassle to deal with but i love this pan .
i like the fact that we can charge both of our phones at the same time .
i don t wash it in the dishwasher ,  finding that hand washing works just as well .
i actually bought two i liked it that much .
all of my other batches have been good .
they re made of metal though !  that surprised me  :  .
don t really use this ,  but thought i would ,  but they seem to be very handy and good quality .
i have found them !  i use these scissors on everything ,  and boy are they great .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
spend a few dollars more and get the bigger model ,  it is well worth it .
as others have noted ,  big buttons and easy to read large face from a distance .
we would definitely purchase this egg cooker again as a gift for friends or relatives .
i find this product very useful and innovative .
i bought these at $ with free shipping .
had it for num_num months now and have been very pleased .
i could not be more pleased with this product .
i am very pleased with this product for the following num_extend
i use this for indian pancakes and rotis ,  they come out great .
i bought this for my mom who loves purple and she used it and loved it .
i have had mine for almost num_num years and it is still going strong .
ordered this from amazon ,  got it quick ,  and it is awesome .
i love how this screen protector really protected my phone .
it did take a little getting used to ,  but i do like it very much .
i use this on all my knives with great results .
believe me ,  it s worth it !  !  this machine is pretty decent ,  i have not had many problems with it .
i m sure that this would work great in the oven too !  .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
i m an oxo fan and haven t been disappointed yet by their products .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
i have had mine for a couple years now and it is still used everyday .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
i like them both much better now that i have these new seals .
i does what it says and diffuses the heat .
i like it the first time i used it .
i love this case and would definitely recommend it !  .
personally i would love to see this machine with a glass pot .
i think this item looks just as good or better than the picture .
will recommend this item if you lose your own cable with a micro usb cable .
i ve used it twice and it worked both times .
other than that ,  it stay and hold my phone well .
a good ,  sturdy pan that should last for years .
its been working great now for months and the sound quality is great ,  i highly recommend .
it was good didn t know that it would get furry that fast .
and i have ordered more than my fair share since our whole family has the same phone .
even without mods ,  this looks like the best one .
this product allows you to do that again .
this is so easy to use and clean up that i should have bought one a long time ago .
i thought this would fit the bill and offer some padding .
it keeps coffee hot longer than i expected .
bought this phone for a friend who has nothing but great compliments on its performance and usage .
i have a belgian waffle maker and it keeps into much steam in this is much better .
coupled with amazon prime ,  it s a great investment for the price .
after reading many reviews i finally took the plunge and made the investment . i m so glad that i did .
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
these stands a very basic in design but they work well and they look pretty nice too .
this product does what it says it does .
these are great !  they are pretty durable and i havent had any problems with them .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
will recommend to friends and will buy them again in the future .
but over all its cute and works and is way better quality then most cases like this .
i used this for the first time this weekend and boy was it so good .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
i ve had this battery for about num_num weeks now ,  and so far ,  it is superior to the oem battery .
i think i will buy another set soon .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
it s cool that i can charge not only my phone but an additional usb powered device via this charger .
the battery life is really good and is up to num_num hours .
just started using this the other day and so far i m very pleased with this rotisserie .
i ve dropped my phone a few times and this completely protects it .
would i recommend it to others  ?  definately .
i love it because everything just slips right off it .
i will be using this for many years to come !  highly recommend to the public !  .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i have no doubt that this will last for years .
i have dropped my phone in this case twice and it was perfectly fine .
i have no doubt that these spice spoons will last us for many years .
num_extend its sturdy ,  grippy and reduce % num_extend it has an  under layer  which makes it fit great .
a three minute egg took num_num minutes with my old poacher but this one is spot on .
this product works fine and is easy to use ,  but don t expect it to be of quality construction .
received it in good time ,  just as it appears in the picture .
no that big of a deal . if you re a soup lover ,  i highly recommend this product !  .
i ve used the voyager num_num for about num_num hours and i am pleased with the purchase .
this one is good stay away from the other .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
my num_num year old loved these for her birthday .
the very best thing about it is that it never ever leaks water .
and it really does work as well as you would expect too .
much better than the motorola num_extend that i also own .
sometimes its the small things in life and that is definitely try with this product .
i received this canner for christmas last year ,  and it has received quite a workout over the summer .
i am so glad that i chose this model .
i would certainly buy this product if needed ,  it s just that good .
my wife bought one over num_num years ago when she moved here .
i bought this pan about one year ago and i couldn t be more happy with it .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
all the convenience of a regular coffee maker with the taste and flexibility of using whole beans .
wonderful product !  another one i wish i could give num_num starts to !  .
i bought this for my son s num_extend and work perfect from the begining .
i will buy more corelle in the future !  .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
it works reasonably well for grinding beef ,  which is what i ve used it for so far .
these mitts are better than i expected in heat resistance and quality .
so far ,  this one works like a charm and it s been num_num weeks !  !  .
there are many more out there ,  but you will cover all the bases with this tip set .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
it s not big deal ,  it works good and worth the money .
but like from other reviews its will do the job just perfect . just remember this .
there is a reason you see so many people with this case .
i think this case is better than my otterbox .
i love this product and would definitely recommend this product .
it is a very good quality for the brand .
this is a great speakerphone for connecting your bluetooth phone when in the car .
oxo is a name that i equate with good products and i wasn t disappointed with this scraper at all .
with a larger handle i d give this pitcher five stars .
it was very easy to put on and you cant even tell the phone has it on .
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
there are num_num sizes to choose from ,  which makes it easy to find a good fit .
i have another brand that work well just started using it for spices .
however ,  like whit most charging cases it adds a decent amount of weight and size to your phone .
it comes out perfect and it reduced the cooking time from num_num minutes to num_extend
fresh hot loaf in less than an hour !  .
i purchased this last year and got it out of the box today .
microplane is so much better than other brands i have used .
this are so much better looking than the plastic bins i had .
however ,  this is well worth the purchase price .
think they should have never abandoned this type ,  love this unit .
this thing works great and would be num_num stars except the brushes wear out very quickly .
very attractive !  what you cannot see in the photo ,  is that the rack has a nice arch to it .
during all that time though ,  it ll make quite good coffee twice a day .
we have used it for over a year now ,  and it still looks same as brand new .
if you re looking for a very protective case then this one should work very well for you .
there is just something comforting about cooking in a cast iron skillet .
it is comfortable fit in your hands and it really does work fast and well .
i ve used this almost daily for num_num months now and it works great .
never thought i would love a juicer so much .
if you do this ,  you will not be disappointed .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
this unit has more power than any other i have used .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone num_extend
that drives me nuts ,  butother than that ,  this unit is perfect .
easy to install ,  up and running in less than num_num mins !  !  !  .
worth to spend the extra money and have this item as a backup .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
love this product !  it is easy to use and easy to wash even in the dishwasher .
if you looking for a decent purifier ,  i would recommend this one .
i have nothing but good things to say about this cleaner .
it doesn t take up too much space ,  but it is powerful .
after using it for about two months ,  owning this phone has been an absolute joy .
hopefully one day they will bring it back ,  but in the meantime ,  buy it while you can .
i read about this item on a food blog and it was highly recommended .
i made rice in this pan at least num_num times and it turned out perfect .
used it for num_num years and had no issues at all . this is very light and it is very reliable .
like all their other products ,  it is well made and the handle is comfortable .
it is a good thing amazon has a good return policy .
other than that ,  this is a very good case and a great value for your money .
this pan is great but i would have preferred the bottom to be a little wider .
i m really pleased with the perfect fit and pretty design of this cover .
i have a palmone num_extend and i am really having a good time with both now .
then i ordered these and they were perfect .
i bought this set of knives about num_num years ago and they have been great knives .
and is still holding up now that i let my friends use it !  good buy ,  would recommend !  .
the accessories that come with it are great .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
this is one item i m quite happy with .
i will surely do business with this company again !  .
i ve gotten many months of use from this case .
you just can t go wrong with these things ,  they do the job and they are priced to please .
the protect fits under the cover just fine and the cover does close perfectly . i would purchase again !  .
i have a red one exactly like this and i loved it also .
the carafe keeps the coffee hot for about num_num hours after brewing which works out perfect for me .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
i have used it three times and each time like it more .
i ve read more about pans since the last posting and found that shiny cookware reflects the heat away .
exit great coffee maker . some reviewers have complained that this coffee maker is hard to fill with water .
however ,  this pizza cooker has been a very pleasant surprise and i am completely sold on it .
this is the best dish brush i have ever used .
i love this product !  works perfect for my iphone num_extend
wish they were longer but they work for what we need .
expectations were low but you know ,  this thing really does work .
i liked the fact that i could answer calls simply by saying answer .
i like having those options ,  since you never know when you may need a light .
i have used several different rolling pins ,  and this is the one that i like the best .
i would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for high quality free feeling ear buds .
we have been using these for years and we re very happy with them .
yum ! if you would like your own ice cream maker ,  you can t go wrong with this machine !  .
would recommend this to others if its going less than num_num dollars .
i would recommend these to anyone looking for a set of portable headphones that don t have a cord .
haven t used this much yet but ,  the few times i have i ve loved it .
i m using them on a ipad stylus and on an num_extend player and they re working very well .
i bought this one from amazon and it works great for one reason :  it cannot fail .
only used so far for coffee but it works fine .
nice !  !  !  that s helpful to your lady if you don t do what my bro in law does .
this is the best phone with a keyboard ,  boost has .
so glad they have continued manufacturing this product !  .
good to be able to charge the battery outside the phone .
i have had this for a little over a month ,  and i am extremely pleased .
this one packs enough power to charge my phone ,  gopro and then some .
plus i usually have other things to cook in the kitchen so now i can do it with ease .
after using this for a while ,  it is really helpful .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
definitely worth the money i paid for it .
you should definitely also get a pair of protective gloves with this .
these screen protectors fit perfectly on the phone .
we have been using this product for sometime now ,  makes fantastic rice .
i have had these for over two years and they work great .
i m mostly pleased and will keep using it .
i have used this several times to make spaetzle ,  and it is so simple and quick to use .
i love these i have used them with oranges and pepper rings .
i wanted a battery charger for my spare battery and this is perfect .
as others have said ,  these work fine and are inexpensive .
would recommend this item to all tea drinkers !  .
these are the best liners i have ever used .
it s great to get this ,  especially since it comes with a charger ,  so you never run out of power .
they are tough ,  this particular one is water proof ,  and it lasts a good long time on its battery .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
i have the num_num inch and this size is much better .
quality is suspect but its well worth the cost especially since apple charges so much for theirs .
and there are just enough for their whole family .
i bought this in hopes i could use it to organize my headband collection and it works for me .
we got this rice cooker several months ago and we have been very happy with this cooker so far .
i have a great set of stainless steal pans and they never get this hot or retain their heat .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
my droid num_num devices and accessories have been used hard and this was a good replacement .
i have only had these for about a week now and i love them .
i have no doubt that this cleaver will outlast me ,  and that s worth num_num bucks .
i love that they re clear acrylic and have the locking clamps .
just like the other reviews say ,  this is a fabulous product . out of the box it makes perfect white rice .
i ordered these spoons for just one of them ,  and found out that all of them are very useful .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
i like it and would recommend to anyone with painful fingers .
took a while to receive this product because the seller is located in hong kong ,  but they work perfect .
i hated the phone but i got great battery life with the extra batteries i got with this product .
found this product and have not had to play musical bacon strips in pan .
browsing the lodge section of amazon i discovered this product and ordered it immediately .
i love it . i ve read other reviews of buyers who complained that food sticks .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
do your chef a favor ,  and score yourself some points ,  and get one now .
this is the best hand mixer i have ever used .
and this one work very well and cheap .
this is what i wanted and the right price .
this screen protector for the samung galaxy num_extend worked very well on the phone .
i really like this product and it has worked out great so far .
it has a quality build unlike many electrical appliances that are being sold these days .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
you can add a splash of color and have some very high quality kitchen utensils .
i definitely would purchased from this seller again .
it makes cooking into the event that it should be and is fun for family time in the kitchen .
these are the best made measuring cups i have ever seen .
after owning several blenders this is by far the best one yet .
it is small ,  definitely lightweight and powerful enough for this .
awesome charger that will work for a long time .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
i have bought several other lodge products after this ,  but this still is my favorite .
they fit properly and we have no problems with them .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
this is the best num_extend case out there .
this is a very pretty blinged out cover !  !  !  !  !  !  !  had alo of fun with it people always noticed it .
canging settings from num_extend to num_extend noticably increases the battery life . over all i am extremly happy with my purchase .
i can definitely tell a difference when it s been off a few days .
this is the most comfortable bluetooth that i have ever worn from num_num hrs to turn in time .
we have the iphone num_extend and these fit perfectly .
other than that ,  this thing is indispensable to my life .
i recommend it if you want a simple scale and don t need accuracy to less than one ounce .
i will definitely do business with them again !  .
i have been using it constantly since i got it and i highly recommend it .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
i bought two of these sets and am so pleased i am thinking of buying two more .
i have more than one piece of cast iron cookware ,  and this mitt fits them all .
this worked just as the one that came with the phone .
hope it lasts a long time because we love it .
these are nicer than i thought they would be .
makes more coffee than most ,  which is a good thing .
if you re looking for a replacement ,  i would recommend this product !  .
so ,  long story short ,  i am pleased thus far .
it was good to have some spares on hand when we needed them .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
however it is working very well other than that .
we have owned this kettle for about num_num years and it has worked perfectly many times a day .
oxo is a name that i equate with good products and i wasn t disappointed with this scraper at all .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
it is so much more than just non stick .
but i still have them and they have held up well over the last num_num years .
i ve only used it a couple of times but it worked perfectly on my ceramic stove top .
i gave this num_num stars because as with almost all fiesta ,  this piece is perfect .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
i would buy these again in a heartbeat .
and they were so powerful and light that even hotels used them .
i like this much better ! i have never made a pizza ,  ever .
i ve made great pizza in my oven at home that gets to num_num degrees with a convection fan .
i ve only had these for num_num hours ,  but so far i am loving these headphones .
but it looks good ,  just like the real thing .
have used this product several times in the past and have been pleased every time .
i purchased this product because it was advertised as hand made and i enjoy the look of wrought iron .
for me that s a good thing .   and all the other switches feel pretty much the same .
i ll give an update if it breaks or chips like many other reviewers ,  but until then ,  great case .
the inner hard shell ,  is durable !  i would recommend this item to others .
i would recommend this if you need a toaster .
i ordered a pack of num_num and they sent me twelve !  what a nice surprise .
everyone i ve talked to on this has given me feedback that the sound quality is extremely good .
i bought this for emergencies and found myself using this a lot .
i would rate this product worth at least $
i got this from amazon for $ and free super saver shipping .
you won t go wrong with this great funnel .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
this item was purchased as a gift for my wife who loves to cook .
the only con is the price but i still think it is well worth the money .
i ve had the spatula about num_num months now and it has held up to daily use .
this machine does the work and does it at the right time .
max i put up there is a white bar of soap . in all ,  we love this dispenser !  .
i have to say i am very satisfied with this tool .
the product came within the time they said and in very good condition .
to be honest i was pleasantly surprised with their customer service .
this was worth what i paid for it .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
it is nice to know that i can so easily order these through amazon now .
this case is very well worth the investment .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
after much research i decided on this wonderful little tool .
i would recommend for anyone who owns the htc .
i have long been a fan of iron skillets ,  and knew this one would be a winner .
it also comes with a nice screen protector .
i m very pleased with this product and i highly recommend it .
this is one sharp knife ,  right out of the package .
the good : we like this case for the rezound .
dishwasher safe and the brushed stainless steel is a nice touch .
seems like it would last a while and is sturdy .
i really am happy i purchased this unit .
my husband drops his phone all the time ,  this case protects the phone very well .
definitely worth the num_num minutes or so it takes to put it together .
i bought this for my daughter who recently moved into her own apartment .
have had it for over num_num years and it is still going strong ,  .
i am more than pleased with this product .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
it s very easy to carry ,  light enough  could be lighter ,  but that will probably sacrifice capacity  .
this is a good screen protector for the num_extend phone .
i will deffinatlly buy from this seller again .
will make a num_extend cup of coffee in num_num minutes at a great price .
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
my carpets look great and if i could give this cleaner num_num stars ,  i would .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
they came packed nicely and i was able to get free shipping when i ordered num_extend
i have used it many times and have enjoyed it very much .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
it s sturdy enough and holds the bottles well .
it is also a very solid device ,  creating the impression that it will last a while .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
good if you have more than one battery for your phone and this charger comes with a battery .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
rest assured that this will be money well spent for a quality product with consistent results .
it is a good scraper but i would have liked it better if it had a wooden handle .
i have made two more since then and they were delicious .
this is a sturdy product that will last a lifetime .
i ordered this product for my windows surface rt and it works perfectly .
for the price ,  it was worth the wait for these to ship from hong kong .
a three minute egg took num_num minutes with my old poacher but this one is spot on .
i was surprised because they seem like really good quality .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
this set was my first foray into canning and have to say that it worked just fine .
i like it because i have num_extend bluetooths and they all fit conveniently in this case .
other than that ,  i really do love this fan .
it is easy to use and i like its metal construction .
seems like a great deal to me at this price .
i have lots of measuring spoons ,  but these have been my favorite .
this is good for about num_num full charge to the iphone num_extend
but they will stand the test of time in your garage .
they worked great and lasted a long time with what they were put through .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i like having a choice for how long to bake them .
it turned out beautiful using the recipe that came with the pan .
when this product appeared in my gold box ,  i bought it immediately . it is amazing .
i found this headset to be very comfortable after wearing for long periods .
and there are just enough for their whole family .
these are the best screen protectors i have used ,  and i ve tried them all . there are num_num layers to these .
it s secure and it fits my iphone num_extend with its leather sena wallet case .
i love it ,  and it actually protects like a good case should !  .
have used it probably num_num times so far and love it .
they re all pumped on this product as well .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
one side gets the edge just right and starts if off and the other side hones it .
i would recommend this as a basic starter set .
the ability to have one fan running as intake with the other as exhaust really makes a difference .
just the right size for one or two ,  as other reviewers have said .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
that being said ,  i gave this one a go and i m very ,  very happy with the results .
this case looks absolutely beautiful on the phone .
this product absolutely meets and exceeds all the positive comments made concerning the item .
i ve had this for about num_num weeks and so far it s been working great .
this is my first deep fryer and i m very pleased with this product .
i like that fact that they can be used with my cell phone .
i have been using this cover for about six months and it has been a great product .
i think if you just need a quiet little fan you will be happy with this for your window .
both work equally well after using for num_num days .
have had this about num_num mos and it still is my favorite  out of num_extend
these are the first real good pans i have ever purchaced .
just the right size for me and my num_num girls .  .  . not too big ,  not too small .
i highly recommend this product ,  and will probably buy several as gifts .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i have used them every day since i got them .
but i do really like that it s wide enough to fit my iphone with its protective case on it .
he had been looking for this color for some time and was glad we were able to fine .
i like that fact that they can be used with my cell phone .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
this blender worked great for a little less than a year .
they still get the job done though ,  and they are really inexpensive ,  so i d call this a good buy .
its really easy to use my phone and i would recommend these .
i love oxo brand and this is yet another product that they ve made well !  .
other than that ,  this thing is tough ,  feels tough ,  looks tough ,  and is just all around amazing .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
this worked very well ,  to the point that i ll never be without one again .
the reviews were right on for this sharpener .
this is the best leather case you can get in this price range .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
there are a lot of reviews here flattering this device better than i can .
i bought one of these locally about a year ago and have been very pleased with it .
i still give this num_num stars ,  because it surpassed my expectations in every other area .
i use the big water tank not the pitcher and they work well with it .
it was very easy to assemble ,  took less than num_num min .
that says a lot about their company and their customer service .
this is a good investment if you d like your phone s screen to last .
this replacement battery works great and the price was very good !  i would recommend this product to everyone .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
which is what i really wanted . this product will last me the rest of my life .
that is ,  to my way of thinking ,  the mark of a great piece of equipment .
this was a real plus as i did several calls using these headphones and they worked great .
i probably should have ordered the taller one ,  but it squite heavy and very well built .  .  . will last forever !  .
the smooth edge cut is a huge improvement over the conventional style .
there is a nice selection and they are well made .
this adds a little more space to my spice cabinet .
i think a smaller one would work well .
our first grinder is num_num years old and still works great .
it cooked perfectly in this dish  i ve made it num_num more times since then !   .
if you still have the original ipad ,  i would recommend this case .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
when i received the product ,  it looked very professional and well put together .
this is one of the best amazon purchases i ve ever made .
they re perfect as they allow me to see my handbags while protecting them from dust .
i love this phone !  it s been my favorite since i started using cell phones way back in num_extend
got these today ,  charged them up and they paired pretty easily with my iphone num_extend
it s really kinda fun to use !  well worth $
this protector is great in that it covers the whole screen and not just the touch part .
these have been great to clean up the mess .
the quality seems to be good ,  only time will tell about this .
although expensive ,  these are well worth the extra money for the sound quality and comfort alone .
i have owned several different juicers over the years and this one is incredible .
i was very happy to receive this product for review .
i agree with all the reviews that this product is excellent .
there really is a difference in the way that your cakes turn out in this heavier pan .
what a difference a good burr grinder makes .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i ve been really happy with it so far .
i don t know if it s the name brand or what but i love this food processor .
i bought num_num of these hoping they would fit under my kitchen sink ,  and they fit perfectly .
there is nothing better than press coffee imho .
i love it and i have never gone wrong with this brand .
other than that i would recommend this product .
will never buy another brand for my phone again !  !  very happy with this product .
this is so much more powerful than the holmes .
i really cant say enough good about this product .
i got these and they were just as expected .
this is by far the best screen protected i ve ever bought .
the cutouts line up perfectly . that s pretty much all i can say ,  but i am beyond happy with my purchase .
this little baby does it s thing and does it well .
this item is very handy for many purposes and the case in especially useful .
otherwise i ve been very please with this product .
this is an inexpensive popcorn popper that works .
and i am still using this nearly every day .
it matches my faucet and other products from this company .
i am satisfied with this case so far .
i will be something that i will share .
ill definitely recommend this product to a friend .
nice to have these in a set to save some money .
i love this product because i don t have to lay my phone down to charge it anymore .
i don t microwave with the lids on so they are still in good shape .
bought this for my granddaughter for her iphone she got for christmas .
very nice product and much cheaper than other retailers .
this egg cooker is the best i have ever used .
i got this good review at amazon so i decide to buy one .
they are great for the most part i am satisfied with this product .
but the quality is there and it will last a very long time .
would recommend for anyone with the kitchenaid mixer .
i read all the can opener reviews and bought this one .
this kettle is the best !  it takes about num_num minutes to heat up the full amount of water  approx .
but of course i knew that before i bought it and it is a very nice pan .
i believe that you will like this product .
i ve only had this mug a short time  a week or so  ,  but i ve grown to love it .
this kettle is the best !  it takes about num_num minutes to heat up the full amount of water  approx .
they are sturdy ,  line up ,  grip well ,  and the locking mechanism actually works when not in use .
this tray works very well and is far more attractive than a typical plastic bin .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
just got these today in the mall and so far i really like them .
it picks up more than what you would expect .
i charged the battery without a problem ,  works great with my num_extend the charge also .
the little lint cleaning cloths that come with them are nearly worth the purchase price .
if you have a small family ,  or are single ,  this is a perfect little pan for baking .
i have used both sides and like the results .
that case offers a little more protection and covers the volume control .
at this point ,  i can highly recommend this product .
this carpet cleaner works better than any we ve ever used before .
i have had mine for about num_num years and love it .
because it is nonreactive ,  this pitcher is great for serving juices and sangria .
i love that these can be heated and are so durable .
whenever you re ready  after num_num minutes or so  you ve got perfect rice .
that is ,  until i found this popcorn popper .
num_num hours later i have great creamy and thick yogurt .
this product is so compact and useful that it s the num_num in num_num solution for smartphone charging .
this pan works quite well even when i have abused it a bit .
been using brita for years love that they have all the different colors now .
this pan is only num_num pounds .  .  .  .  . my parents say it is excellent .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
this is the perfect size case for the iphone num_extend
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
i have tried others and i think this is the best .
the cutting edge is thin and sharp enough to get through layers of sandwich .
the first one i bought about num_num years ago still works .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
it is also nice to have a clock with you that isn t on your sweaty num_extend
it works fine for that as long as they don t have huge brims ,  i . e .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
it s well made and doesn t take up any more room than num_num or num_num shirts .
i bought this for a gift and had it sent to me first .
i bought this unit after having a mr .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
i will be ordering these again in the new future .
i don t know how loud other products are ,  but this one is reasonably quiet .
they are the perfect sizes and the quality you would expect from pyrex .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
they are also nicely made and not that thin plastic junk that so many toys are made out of .
i have num_num cast iron pans and from num_extend to num_extend and this is great to move them around .
i bought a bunch of different ones to try ,  and this is the best of the entire lot .
this is a very sturdy product . not that im used to any diff .
this is a good product and it comes with three .
the blades are much more substantial than on other products of this size .
it took a while to get the hang of this ,  but now that i do ,  i love it .
this vacuum is much better than i expected .
i have owned num_num plantronics headsets and i liked all of them .
i really like this rack ,  it is easy to set up and take down for storing .
this was perfect quite large and can contain about num_num or num_num loafs of bread or buns .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
so i bought this after seeing the motorola brand .
was a little concerned when i placed the order but i m very happy with it .
if you like the matte finish for your screen ,  this is an amazing product .
it is very easy to use and doesn t look as ugly as some other hot water pots .
i found one in a store almost exactly the same for $ so this is a great deal .
i thought this would be a nice novelty item ,  but it turned out to be extremely practical .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
my husband and i have really enjoyed using this juicer .
but they came in the mail earlier that expected ,  and when i opened them i was quite pleased .
i think this is a genuine palm battery .
looks like they know what they are doing .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
i had this product for over num_num years and it works fine .
fits well with my samsung galaxy exhibit and lasts long .
i also like that it gives me a few chargers and i don t have to recharge it everyday .
for $ it s well worth it ,  and for that price everyone should have one .
i ordered num_num sets of these and is one of the best purchases i have ever made .
but i still give it num_num stars because it does grill really well and it s easy to clean .
this press appeared to have solid construction ,  be from a reputable manufacturer ,  and was simply elegant .
the first thing i noticed is this is a quality item ,  except theplastic knob .
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
i like this peeler better than anything i have to date .
overall ,  a great case ,  just wish the color lasted longer .
this is the secret to num_num minutes fresh pasta .
does what i need it to do !  i highly recommend this product !  .
i have used this case for over num_num months now and really like it .
this is really sharp ,  so please keep away from children .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
this is my favorite product and i use it daily .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
i purchased this juicer in num_num and it s still going strong .
i have actually received some positive feedback from those that have seen it on my phone .
yes this is a great product ,  especially with the lid ,  but all of their products are exceptional .
these jugs are made of thick glass so they hold up very well ,  they hold num_num liters .
this product arrived sooner than expected and seem to be of a good quality .
i came upon this product by chance  in the gold box deals  ,  and am delighted with this purchase .
the only thing i don t like is the fact that the printing is so small ,  otherwise it s great !  .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
i don t know what more to say other than it is worth its price .
it arrived on time and i would recommend this seller .
it is a bit larger than i anticipated but really works well .
this is a high quality machine ,  and our carpets are cleaner than they have ever been .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
this set looks good and did the trick very nicely .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
i love it and i have yet need to replace the screen protector i used from this product .
i bought this several years ago when we remodeled our kitchen .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
i love pineapple so this seemed like a good idea for me ,  it is somewhat compact .
i brought several of these and they work well .
it looks good and is not more bulky than most other cases .
i have used this pan more than i thought i would and love the lid .
and this one will easily last longer than one winter if filtered water is used .
highly recommend it ! why pay $ at verizon when you can pay under $ and get a better quality product .
neat size ,  smaller than regular spatulas but i find it handy .
so i bought this salter and i ve found that i really like this little scale .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and i am totally satisfied with this .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
these things rock ,  they sound great ,  the bass is very good .
we got this set as a wedding gift almost two years ago ,  and i couldn t be happier with them .
shipping came on time and i am really happy with this product .
i have had this product for num_num years now and it is still heating up well .
i am impressed with this product and with the quality .
this is one of the more noticeable areas of improvement over num_extend
this is a very good electric coffee maker .
i have been using this product for many years ,  and i highly recommend it for red wines .
i also like the small size of the unit .
however ,  this vacuum is a fantastic improvement over all the other vacuums i have owned over the years .
i bought this num_num years ago and it s still working great .
if you love your iphone ,  you should buy this one !  .
they are great for that use !  i do not use them for baking .
it s inexpensive and works perfectly with blackberry bold num_extend
the case was great for the iphone num_extend
i would recommend this especially for the low price .
can t say enough good things about this steamer .
it does the trick !  i would purchase this whisk again .
it is not just good for num_num liter bottles but also the num_num oz . thanks amazon for having them available .
i will be ordering another and would highly recommend this item for those who like to air dry items .
they are really nice and hold more than i thought .
this is the only one that i found so far and it s good .
this is just as good as the other ones and this is sold at a decent price point .
this oxo product is easy to use and because of the large soft handle ,  easy to hold .
this it the best coffee maker i ve ever owned .
this is a must have for anyone who uses their phone like a laptop .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i am pleased with the knives ,  could not care less about the box .
i generally have been able to buy it for $
it is very obvious from my review title that i like this product .
now after many uses this piece has a nice finish that i just love .
i could have just changed blades but doing it this way is faster .
i recommend these protectors ,  they work well ,  keep your screen from getting scratched .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
i was really surprised at the amount of tools that comes with this kit .
all in all ,  i am happy with this product .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
it was good didn t know that it would get furry that fast .
i saw it got some good reviews so i thought i would give it a shot .
i have used this pan more than i thought i would and love the lid .
these dishes are very easy to clean ,  with almost no extra scrubbing required .
i actually like it better than their most expensive one that has adjustable blades .
i m very impressed with this machine ,  but i ve only had it a week .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
this hanger is very sturdy and large enough to hold more scarves than you would think .
i needed a marble slab for working with chocolate ,  so i thought this would be perfect .
a few months ago i pulled it out again for fun and this time we got hooked .
if you have aux input the sound goes through your radio which is very nice .
overall ,  i am very satisfied with this purchase .
this is still working several months after i bought it .
i like this coffee grinder because it is so easy to use and cleaning is a cinch .
sound quality is very good and the unit is quite comfortable for those of us with small ears .
a little cumbersome as it does need to sit away from the walls but worth it for less allergies .
fits much better than the one that came with my otterbox .
i wanted to present my cakes in something other than foil and got these .
this product took care of that problem for me .
make no mistake this knife has an excellent feel to it in your hand .
we were able to hang several shirts in one suit bag .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
i trust the brand and even though they were cheap ,  they worked fine .
much better than paying $ at the local store .
it was even shipped diectly from china and it was on time and in excellent condition .
it looks exactly as shown and it is more durable than i would have thought !  .
all good things about this item have already been said .
we purchased this as a spice grinder and are very happy .
we have used ours for two years now and are very happy with this product .
they have worked great for me but i do have num_num issues with them .
i believe that they fixed that design flaw .
i would buy from this company again and recommend it to others too .
this gives you a full charge in less than an hour .
this is a great cost effective way to add a bluetooth speakerphone to any vehicle .
it s very handy and doesn t take up much room .
bought this for my mom for a just because present .
i m a big guy and i like kitchen tools that have a decent heft and grip .
i would recommend this for people any day .
this is by far the best case . i ve been using this case for over num_num num_extend
does the job that it says that it does .
so glad they have continued manufacturing this product !  .
these little vac dirt bags seem to work just fine .
i bought this for my work phone and for the price it can t be beat .
i rarely write reviews ,  but this product is so outstanding i just had to recommend it .
i love pineapple so this seemed like a good idea for me ,  it is somewhat compact .
make sure you take good care of this thing and it ll last forever .
this works very well for bacon and sausage in the microwave .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i ve only had this for a few weeks ,  but i love it so far .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
this one is well built with hard plastic top and basin .
all in all i would recommend this product to others .
i purchased this headset about num_num weeks ago and so far i really like it .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
this is a great plastic case that fits just right and looks great with the iphone .
and there is not shake when your drive the car . i am super pleased with this thing .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
i m very happy with this product and will come back for more .
all you have to do is follow the directions and use their recipes  which are very good  .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i definitely would recommend it to family and friends .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
i am sure that i will like it .
the automated programmed voice is very clear to hear and understand .
since i have other oxo products and love them ,  i thought i would try these .
this is probably the easiest cork puller i have ever used .
seems like a good thing to have for the price .
i have all stainless appliances in my kitchen and thought that this would match perfectly .
these were very reasonably priced and work very well .
there are many great reviews out there for this product ,  which is why i purchased it .
i bought this as a goldbox value and i have not been disappointed .
one would be surprised how rare it is to find a peeler that is actually easy to use .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
i have never had a salad spinner before so this is thrilling .
i chose this rating because the product is very cute and pairs really easy .
i use this timer all the time and find it very handy .
i definitely recommend buying this product ,  cooking with it often ,  and passing it on from generation to generation .
this makes it easy to get the ice cream out of the box ,  especially when it s hard .
the grill was even better than i expected after reading the other reviews .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
i liked this case a lot and still do but it doesn t fit my new phone .
the good : we like this case for the rezound .
charger is perfect and just what i ordered .
i have been using it for num_num weeks and am incredibly satisfied with this purchase .
even without that ,  this product is highly recommended !  .
i love otterbox products and this one is no exception .
they are very comfortable and stay on my head well .
i recommend this product and the price was great .
i think this knife sharpener is just fine for the everyday  mom  kind of cook .
this was the first headset i ever got and it was definitely worth the money .
these pans are well made and clean up extremely well after use .
not just the num_num that came with it . great deal ,  very fast shipping .
it is worth it to spend a little more ,  especially on amazon .
i like the cool blue light when plugged in too !  another great purchase !  .
i have tried several of them and this one is the best .
great buy ! if you are obsessed with every ground being the same size ,  you ll want to invest in something else .
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
have dropped this one several times ,  and it s still working so far .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
the price is good and it is easy to use ,  since i have a problem with arm strength .
this works perfectly when only a little shredded cheese is needed .
i have a motorola num_extend that i recently ordered and these worked on it like a charm .
this is a great accessory for your espresso machine .
wow ,  for the money this works great and the size is just right ,  good buy .
still the best num_extend headset that i have found to use while running .
over time ,  it will be worth the effort .
i ll be back for more of this brand in the future .
i have owned this for about num_num weeks  highly recommend this !  .
they cost a little more than some ,  but are easily worth it .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
i ve been using almost num_num months and still love it .
i love this product and recommend it to anyone .
i think this is why it works so well .
now i know that i don t have to spend a lot of money to get something nice and cute !  .
it is so nice and i suggest it to anyone who wants this case .
it s well worth the money ,  even when it s not on sale .
this is super easy to install and is like a brand new battery .
it comes apart to easily clean ,  and stores well in its original box .
it charged and discharged in a very consistent manner for the past six months .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i don t think they have changed the unit at all  and that is good !   .
i also ordered a new case directly from them at the same time .
i ve been using it pretty much every day for the last four months ,  and the finish is still flawless .
if you have lost or damaged your charger like me ,  this is the perfect replacement .
even with background noise present ,  my voice punched through . now for the best feature of all .
this makes the sensation even more desirable ,  also it s variety of customs roms available .
it s solid and a beauty even though the screen seems small this late in the game .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
it is very pretty ,  heavy ,  and very well made .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
this is a product that works just as advertised .
i love oxo products and this is another great one .
i also bought the indoor kit which works just as well .
just as good if not better than the original from the phone store for a whole lot less .
this my sound corney but it does fit like a glove .
would highly recommend !  !  !  ! i am adding onto my review after having the item for about num_num months .
i could not be more pleased with this product .
i bought this on a lightning deal for christmas for my fiancee .
had this for as long as i owned my iphone num_extend  and still going strong  .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
would order again and will suggest to friends for purchase .
and it is really amazing that this product is so inexpensive ,  it is an outstanding value .
would recommend this especially for the num_extend i paid for it .
the headphones work well with my old studio xps num_num and my new xps num_extend and my galaxy num_extend
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
this case is far beyond what i expected .
the battery fit my epic num_extend perfectly ,  as other reviewers have noted .
great product ,  be sure to warm in glass of hot water before using ,  it stretches the product .
it worked well ,  and lasted for about three years .
have used it probably num_num times so far and love it .
i love everything about them ,  especially that they are made from glass and not plastic .
i love it and although i have many cases this might just be my favorite one .
i am so happy with my stainless steel . keeping the pans like new requires care .
i have num_num different appliances of this brand and happy with each .
this is the second honeywell that i have had .
as with many other reviewers ,  we bought this after seeing it on good eats .
bought this as a gift for someone who uses headphones on a daily basis .
they came just like they said they would and in great shape .
this vacuum is much better than i expected .
i prefer it to another brand we have used ,  because of it s ease of use .
i have been using it constantly since i got it and i highly recommend it .
that was a very pleasant surprise for a quality item such as this .
this is the third one i have purchased and they are great .
they both have served me well and are not the cheaply made .
i ended up buying this knife because i really liked the look of the handle .
so i bought this salter and i ve found that i really like this little scale .
i am really impressed with how well this product worked .
this one ,  just like others ,  works as advertised .
this soup pot is perfect for cooktop to oven cooking ,  soups ,  stews ,  etc . etc .
i love that i now have control over how much oil i m using .
great deal for the price !  worked well ,  for the short time i had this phone .
purchased this product for my son who works in a loud environment and works out all the time .
bought this yogurt maker based on price and reviews and i was not disappointed .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
there are many more out there ,  but you will cover all the bases with this tip set .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
my phone ,  while in this gel skin ,  also fits perfectly into a leather case .
there are a lot of things to like about this design .
it is well built and i am sure it will last me a very long time .
a joy to use . i hope this was helpful to you .
well done ,  new trent ,  and i would highly recommend this product .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
it is a perfect fit with the antenna on the treo num_num or num_extend
i thought this was going to be a cheap piece of junk ,  but it is actually nice .
i really enjoyed my case because it protected my phone very good and that is something i need .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i will be buying this again for her .
all in all ,  i really like this thing and i would buy it again .
they work great with phone more so than others i have tried .
this is a fantastic charger ,  it comes with a micro usb cord about num_num feet long .
this product was in good shape when i received it .
henckels international kitchen shears delivered more than a decade of great service before the handle cracked .
i bought two of these ,  the price was great and they do what they re supposed to do .
other than that it is nice sine it isn t bulky and protects the phone pretty good .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
we have a bar type and quality old fashion single toggle osterizer mixer for num_num years .
i have been using this case on my num_extend for num_num months and it s still in great condition .
that said ,  this one is a pretty good deal compared to other choices ,  even within this brand .
i put it in my bedroom and i have noticed a difference .
but it worth more than what i paid for it .
this worked very well ,  to the point that i ll never be without one again .
i am soooo happy that i bought this num_num years ago .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
it has turned into a conversation piece when guests come to the house .
there are lots of options in this price range .
i ordered these cases because i figured i d get them for a great price .
also ,  it retains heat better so your delicious meal remains warm for a long time .
actually so pretty that i haven t used them yet .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
i taped mine up using electrical tape and it still works .
i ve always thought fat separators were a great idea and have owned several .
just what the title says my daughters loved these .
i recommend and would buy again from them .
we have been very satisfied with this product ,  enough to order a second time .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
if you  work  with your phone ,  you gotta have this case !  worth every penny !  .
i love pyrex ,  and certainly hope this lasts me a good long time .
this was a gift to my ex wife it works fine when she decides to use it .
the product whisks well in a short amount of time .
it also comes with a nice screen protector .
i ve never had a problem with it working and it is very sturdy .
and like other reviewers have written ,  having separate parts makes cleaning very easy .
i have used this num_num cup measuring cup quite often and i love it .
when they are available from amazon with free shipping i always stock up .
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
i have nothing but good things to say about this cleaner .
i am very happy that i ordered this jar opener .
made of high grade plastic and will hold up for few years .
all in all ,  i am happy with this item .
i ve had my two num_num gallon vornados about num_num months and am very happy with them .
i ve used it a couple times and seems to work well .
i ve had this waffle maker for num_num years and it works just fine for me .
i would recommend this product for anyone that keeps their phone on silent at work .
i was surprised that these strips worked so well .
the buckles seem very well made and pop open easily for removing the bottoms .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
we love our dirt devil vacuum ,  which is about num_num years old .
i ve had this oven for num_num months and so far i like it a lot .
overall ,  i like this product and it s good for the price .
this product has truly stood the test of time with vigorous use and battery life .
this is a great gadget and has been very helpful with my diet .
i ve tried several iphone cases and i ve found the otterbox defender case gives the best protection for your iphone .
they were here before christmas and they were very easy to setup .
they are great for turning just about anything .
i like that you get more than num_num in the package as well .
this product is a few dollars more but it is worth the extra money .
it also comes with a water filter and i absolutely could tell the difference in the very first cup .
it does it s job in a few minutes ,  while you watch tv or cook something else .
this product is a very good screen protector and it fits properly .
it will last a long time and they are easy to use .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
this is exactly what i was looking for and arrived on time .
this is the first coffee grinder that i have ever purchased and i am extremely pleased .
i find it just the perfect little wok to whip up something for dinner .
something that would hold more than a cup or two and would keep the beverage hot .
this case does this well ,  as i have dropped the phone  in this skin cover  several times now .
this has a great price for what you get .
i have a palmone num_extend and i am really having a good time with both now .
putting the iphone to charge is also very easy and they have given adapters for num_extend and num_extend
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i purchased this case for iphone ,  and happy with price and case .
to me this is a good small size for my kitchen .
no other alternative in this price range ,  i m overall happy . mike .
they are great pans and i will use them for other things .
he never has any problems with it ,  it is top quality .
i ve had my first pair for over num_num years and they are still in amazing shape .
i have been looking for a way to display them and finally found this !  .
customer service is good ,  as expected ,  timely ,  would do business with them again .
this is the most beautiful and sharpest peeler i have ever seen or used .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
however ,  i only fry once or twice a month ,  and for that ,  this little machine is perfect .
this is the only pan i own ,  that s how good it is .
the other one was mint . i m very pleased with this purchase ,  and i m sure you will be as well .
it feels solid but not heavy at num_extend oz with the standard battery .
you can maneuver it well even if your just starting out in baking .
it will keep up ,  and charge about % an hour .
plus it can plug into the usb port as well to charge .
i like to have extra protection inside my otter box and this is the way to go .
well done oxo ! but i ,  unlike several other reviewers ,  do have a need for the bigger version .
this was worth what i paid for it .
she s been using this for years and still continues using this .
have to cut down to fit ,  other than that its great .
they heat up with the top vent opened and are just the right size .
i ordered the num_extend and the size is perfect .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
i will be buying this again for her .
i can t capture it in my shoulder very well either .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
first time buying this brand and we re thrilled .
the water in my cup actually stays hot for more than just a few minutes .
read my reviews and you will see this over and over .
this is especially good when using small cloves .
i got this as a christmas gift for my wife and she s been baking bread ever since .
because this is just a piece of plastic ,  i just trimmed it to fit perfectly .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
i like that i can cut the size that i need .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
due to the price ,  i totally recommend this product .  .  . if it gets more expensive i would keep looking !  .
it is much lighter and fits much better than the num_extend
otherwise its what i ve come to expect from oxo :  good design and well made .
this is nice to have so that i m not stuck without my phone .
i do recommend this product and thanks amazon again .
this is a good beaker ,  i broke the old one a while back and replaced it with this .
it works great with my iphone num_extend it is somewhat cheaply made .
i use simple maxwell house ,  didn t bother with the paper filters ,  reheated ,  and it still tasted good .
so far this product has lived up to my expectations .
i have used this a couple times as i spice grinder ,  and i love it .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
they were perfectly shaped ,  evenly baked .  .  . couldn t have asked for better .
i finally ordered this funnel on amazon and i am very pleased .
this product is getting great reviews for good reason .
i used it last night to make stir fry and loved it .
i ve used several brands and this is the best and most powerful .
everything snaps together very well with a little effort .
i love the settings and the fact that it beeps at me so i don t burn the waffles .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
the purchase price was great . make sure you know the size of that adapter ,  before making your selection .
it is easy to use and when i wear this one out i will buy another to replace it .
it is perfect . other reviewers have said that it arrives broken or it s flimsy .
this spoon does the job ,  it s great quality and i just love the look .
i have had it about num_num months and it works great .
let s hope it lasts more than a year .
premium chrome aluminum skin hard back case cover for apple iphone num_num num_extend num_extend price is amazing .
like all the kitchen aid products i have purchased ,  this works like a charm .
the quality of the metal seems to be really good .
all in all i would recommend this product to others .
what a deal ! i love this measuring cup and can t believe i waited so long to buy one .
it charges my galaxy note phone just as well as the original that came with the phone .
this product are excellent because you don t need to make any holes .
but ,  i think that s what s really nice about this case .  .  . feels and looks well made .
browsing the lodge section of amazon i discovered this product and ordered it immediately .
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
the more you use it ,  the better it will get . i have to say that i really love this skillet .
i love the calphalon pans that i have purchased from amazon . com .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
we will be recommending this one as well .
bought it to charger my samsung galaxy num_extend a couple months ago and it does fine .
this pan will last a you a long time .
i really wanted to protect my bionic ,  but i love having a car dock .
they keep everything fresh and you can see exactly what you have and how much you have .
this case more than just a fashion statement as it does everything to keep your phone safe .
love that the battery life shows up on my iphone screen .
i tried this last night ,  and it is pretty good .
ordered two of these and they both fit .
this is typical belkin ,  which means high quality and high price .
works good enough for me to keep it .
i also like the fact that it doesn t take up too much space to store it .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
i purchased this item due to the good reviews .
i love this phone case ,  but i would definitely only buy it if you have the white iphone .
this cover looks very nice and it s cheap .
i really like this tamper ,  the size is just fine .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
rosle customer service was wonderful and i mailed the can opener back to them not having my receipt .
i can truly say i m very happy with this item .
even the most reluctant of cooks will appreciate this thing .
we have been very satisfied with this product ,  enough to order a second time .
i m completely satisfied with the quality of the product and the company whom i purchased it from .
this blender worked great for a little less than a year .
i like these more than the plastic disposables .
when it arrived i thought it would be too big but it fit perfectly .
this is much better than the aluminum camp mess kit pots i have also used .
they also have a slightly larger tip you can put on ,  but i just prefer the small ones .
i purchased this num_num years or so ago and it s been a great help to have in the kitchen .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
i have owned this product for two months and highly recommend it .
this is very good if you want more water in your bath tub .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
this color looks great against my white iphone .
they also look better on than a bluetooth sticking out of your ear all the time .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
note :  i have been using this num_num months now and still love it !  no problems at all .
this case is great . a perfect fit for my naked evo num_extend
these are very nice and worth the money .
all in all i recommend this case if you want to have a case for your incredible .
in fact ,  it even fits more snugly than apple s .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
i already have the num_num inch skillet and love it .
i purchased num_num screen protectors from num_num different companies and this was the best of all .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
i know i am delighted with the jabra wave bluetooth headset .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i noticed that some reviewers said this was a delicate item so i ve taken very good care of it .
i think anyone who wishes to purchase a bread machine will be very happy with this one .
i was delighted that i could still find this kettle and have been very happy with it .
i ve had this for quite some time and use it often .
i tried this last night ,  and it is pretty good .
thirdly the time it took to get here was amazing ,  i would buy this product again  !  .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
these are very well made and look like they will last for many years .
i also like that it brews such a large amount in a short time .
i would like them to be thicker but they do hold up to wear .
my wife is very happy with this unit .
this item is great and much cheaper than buying it at best buy .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
this is a very nice product for the cost .
we have not been disappointed with any of the oxo good grips items we have purchased .
they stay put well and are loud enough to hear my music .
i would recommend this product to anyone in need of another battery .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
these have handles that are large enough to make that easy for me .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
there s a lot of positive reviews here ,  which is why i bought this one .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
the case fits very well on my phone ,  and it feels good to the touch .
i have num_num cast iron pans and from num_extend to num_extend and this is great to move them around .
i liked it a lot that i bought num_num more of these in a different color .
great heat distribution ,  no use spending alot of money this pot cooks just as good .
these work well and last a very long time if you don t use oil to pop your product .
i can even turn it down to num_num after a little bit . love this pan !  .
got my daughter a new vacuum for christmas and some bags to go along with it .
:   the thing is ,  there is nothing wrong with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
we have used this pan alot and cleans right up works just like they said it would .
just like the other reviews say ,  this is a fabulous product . out of the box it makes perfect white rice .
i did a lot of research before purchasing this set ,  and most reviews were very good .
this flask is the best i have ever used .
since this thing works so darn good ,  i don t have a problem with it .
i bought one of these november num_num and it is still working fine .
i love oxo ,  and i m glad they didn t let me down with this one .
i would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a universal car mount .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
this is my num_extend product from them and each one has been worth every penny .
bought this for my wife s side of the closet .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
i think this one will last much longer .
i would recommend this product and seller to anybody .
it s very affordable when compare to the original one from the wireless store .
the quality of this pan was much better than i expected for the low price .
they lock and hold the blade very secure .
this is a very high quality pan that makes great food .
i ve had this kettle for about num_num years and it works just fine .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
if you like making your own pizzas or cook a frozen one now and then i d highly recommend this .
there are more expensive models ,  but this one really works fine for most people .
it s very robust and i m looking forward to using it for a long time .
will order again when and if i ever need another one .
we would recommend it to anyone looking for an electric knife .
i received this item on time and in good condition .
the case makes the iphone a true  work phone  .
i think this is much more cost effective than buying bottled water .
for $ i wasn t expecting much ,  but it turned out to be the best mount i ve had .
for the price of this waffle iron ,  i am very pleased .
the one i applied when i wrote this review is still very nice .
but i have no problem with it as it is very useful .
works better than the usb charger that came with the samsung galaxy note num_extend
love this product !  my daughter stole my old one years ago .
this product is as advertised and works very well .
love that it is longer than the normal cable .
great icecube tray ,  bpa free  amazon should clearly mention this in the listing  .
other than that ,  it s nothing fancy but it works .
it s smells like happiness during baking a bread . i really recommend this unit .
just tried this pan out today ,  was very impressed .
super easy !  super fast !  couldn t have been more simple .
these canisters look great on the counter and they were actually nicer than i expected when they arrived .
we found that the more we used this the more trays we wanted .
i have struck up more conversations with this cover than i could have ever imagined .
it was easy to use and the first time i used it my chicken came out tasty and moist .
i got this set about num_num years ago and we just love them .
i am really impressed with how well this product worked .
if you have a samsung galaxy note num_extend num_extend or num_extend this is a phenomenal case .
i will continue to purchase this item on line .
setup was extremely fast and easy and i was up and running in under num_num minutes .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
bought this pressure cooker after reading so many reviews about how good it is .
this battery performs as good if not better than the one that came with my captivate .
i bought this for my son s num_extend and it fit perfectly .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
this is a good screen protector and i would recommend it to anyone .
i am so glad that i got this kettle and definitely give it num_num stars .
i will definitely buy the braun brand from now on .
i recommend this cable ,  it works perfectly and has very little difference .
these new volume buttons will be fine too as soon as i get used to them .
i love the otter box it is very durable and i would buy them again .
it will also have a much longer battery life !  .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
stainless seem like it will hold up well to repeated use  vs .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
this is a very large stone and quite hefty .
this pan makes a great little car cake .
just what i needed and the price was very reasonable .
the case is made of very good material .
this was the best price around the one we had was over num_num years old .
this one is good stay away from the other .
i would buy from this company again and recommend it to others too .
i think this product is great and i would recommend it .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i really like it and would recommend it those who good protection for their iphone .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
i love having a phone that i can just swap out the batteries when needed .
i got it together in less than num_num minutes and was able to clean my carpets immediately .
if this one ever breaks i am buying another one .  . can definitely recommend this coffee maker .
i will buy another when the time comes .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
the best thing about this headset is how easy it was to set up and use .
okeba black rubber tpu gel hard case skin cover for apple iphone num_extend num_extend num_extend num_extend and nice looking .
it s perfect for our little antique school desk which is about num_num inches high .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
i don t have a lot of problems with it ,  if at all ,  and am pretty happy with the purchase !  .
but i jus recieved them today and i really like them .
i was so surprised when i received this tool organizer .
there are newer , better phones on the market ,  but for $ the droid x is remarkable .
this case really looks good on the white iphone num_extend
i ve been able to wear for hours without issue . sound quality is much better than i expected .
she has used this product multiple times and loves the divider .
this was one of the best kitchen purchases i ve ever made .
i thought this would fit the bill and offer some padding .
at this point they are num_num years old and still look new ,  so both of us are happy !  .
this one is great ,  with the strainer that comes with it .
he will feel like a man cooking with one of these babies .
recommend it over other models with plastic handles that break .
it made in china but it worth of money .
bought it here and it came right to my door within a couple of days .
would recommend and will order in other colors of available .
would highly recommend this product and price from amazon .
she loves them .  .  . they work very well for the things she uses them for .
this is by far the best case . i ve been using this case for over num_num num_extend
very happy with purchase ,  and would buy other items from company to try .
sound quality was very good  and much much better than tiny laptop speakers  .
i bought this percolator based on reviews here and price .
i have had it num_num months and still love it . i hope this helps . jeri .
i have found mine to be reliable and to work very well .
but this machine makes doing all of that really easy . i have only used this on carpeting and tile .
i highly recommend them ,  especially at this price .
if you are looking for an inexpensive phone ,  look no further and be assured this one is a keeper .
this is a very versatile product and you won t be disappointed .
this is an excellent case to protect your investment of an iphone num_extend
peanut butter ,  choco chip ,  russian teacakes ,  all come out perfectly on these pans .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i think this is my favorite phone i ve ever had .
the sound quality from the headset is phenomenal as well .
it does the job just like i remembered and pleased with my purchase !  .
this is a great product for those looking for something light and compact .
these charger hold up better than any other car charger you can get for this price .
bought num_num of these shelf organizers and they have worked great .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
i bought the new trent igeek num_extend about a year ago and i love it .
i feel like it is so much better for us .
this cable works just fine as it should since its an htc original .
recommend as a cheap and good quality product .
i love amazon and the fact that they themselves make quality products .
both make excellent coffee . the four star rating is because of the reusable filter .
after reading all the helpful reviews i made the leap and bought this one .
this vacuum is much better than i expected .
i have tried every thin stylus sold by amazon and without a doubt this is the best .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
also great for cereals ,  they won t get stale; i use only natural ones from a vender , not conventional cereals .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i used it with my htc phone and now use it with my new phone and works very well .
they re made of quality materials that will last a long time .
excellent customer service !  my rating is now num_num stars .
this is on par with the hero i had . over all i am quite pleased with the jabra wave .
love these knives and would have no other as well as my son who also is a cook .
this is the best thermal carafe i have ever had .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
i am very pleased with this item would buy again from this seller too .
didn t think it would work but works great !  .
there is no question that this is a wonderful canner .
i am totally satisfied all around with this product .
i use my smaller skillets almost dailey and this works well with them .
i would recommend this product for anyone that keeps their phone on silent at work .
it s really helpful to have these belts available ,  especially at the same time you buy the product .
i m satisfied with this product and would recommend it .
if you take care of these ,  they will last many years .
this is the best case i have purchased so far .
like other reviewers ,  the nylon gears are not the best ,  but overall a great popcorn popper .
this cute little headset works with the iphone num_extend
what i like best about these is the oval shape that really does fit into tight places .
i am able to listen to music while i work without being tied to a radio or phone .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i really like it because you can cook and store with this set .
with this ,  that background noise is very nicely suppressed .
a wonderful ,  all around good knife for just about everything .
they are great for soup ,  cereal , salads or one dish frozen dinners .
her cookies ,  which have always been great ,  are even better now with this sheet .
quick ship no issues with product works great .
it comes with a dvd disc that explains and shows you all kinds of tips and recipes .
this thing is great and well worth it for the price .
first ,  the large ,  rubber like handle gives you great gripping power to dig into hard ice cream .
these sheets are the nicest ones i have ever owned .
this product does everything that it says it will .
the old one still works fine ,  but we have a spare and cannot say how great this product is .
this is the perfect size for just about anything .
worth every num_extend update : we ve now had this cooker for num_num years .
this case is so beautifully made i am ordering every color it is well worth the money .
the shelf capacity of num_num pounds is good .
this can opener is far superior to any other opener i ve ever used in function and quality .
the miniusb is great .  .  .  . which means that i now have another phone charger as well .
this is a great option because i have dehydrated peppers ,  tomatoes and much more .
key points are make sure your screen is extremely clean and dust free .
i found this product to be everything it says and more .
overall i have had a good experience with this device .
i love this product although i could have done without the drama of it getting lost in shipping .
like all oxo products that i have experience with ,  it is well made .
i use other discs that came with the food processor more and am very happy with it .
i read reviews saying that this was a wonderful pen and okay stylus .
as other reviewers have mentioned this device is great for smashing garlic prior to peeling it .
i like my tea ,  and am picky about what brand and flavors i have .
i m looking forward to trying it on other items . it s really easy to clean ,  as the blade comes out .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
one of my favorite cases that i have bought from amazon .
overall ,  i m pleased with this product because it does what it s supposed to do .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
it takes up less counter space and looks good .
this is my first attempt at bling .  . i love it .
i was looking for a good basic timer and this fit the bill .
i have been using it for num_num weeks now and liking it more day by day .
overall ,  i would recommend this to anyone that s looking for new headphones .
the handles on this set are very durable and will last a long time .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
still ,  i like this product and would definitely buy it again .
this is a product that you will never go without once you try it .
this one actually weights something and works much better than the ones we had .
if you need a fryer but want something bigger than ,  say ,  a frydaddy ,  this is a great choice .
if you do this ,  you will not be disappointed .
and does exactly what it says it does .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
overall ,  i m very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it highly .
this is the best filter i have ever used .
had it applied and all the bubbles out in less than num_num minutes . works great ,  very smooth surface .
can t say enough good things about this board .
i love all oxo products and even more so since the experience with their customer service .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
this is a well made and nice looking product ,  something i truly love about kitchenaid .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
i have a stainless steel kitchen and this matches everything .
i am giving it num_num stars because it does a great job toasting toast ,  bagels ,  and pop tarts .
i really love these pitchers and i almost didn t buy them based on some other reviews .
then boom ,  it s fresh for num_num weeks or more .
well i received it and started using right away .
i really was blown away by the quality given it s price .
so glad to have this back in my kitchen once again .
i have been using these bags now for several years and they are a huge money saver .
these are nicer than i thought they would be .
this is a great addition to any smart phone owners ,  especially if you travel .
i don t think you want this button changed easily anyway . in short ,  i am very happy with this product .
i also moved a couple things to make sure it could fit in certain areas .
got these scoops pretty recently ,  so they haven t received a lot of use yet ,  but i m liking them .
a really great product that can be used on the cooktop ,  or the oven ,  or even in the barbecue .
i have been using this whisk for over num_num years and love it .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
if you re a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product .
this case fits perfect and is very nice to the touch .
super easy !  super fast !  couldn t have been more simple .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
the combination of the two come very close to otterbox r  quality .
i love this pan !  i cannot think of one bad thing to say about this calphalon pan .
fast service took only num_num days for me to get it and i love the price .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
i have used them all summer and they are still in excellent condition .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
this is so easy to use and clean up that i should have bought one a long time ago .
he has had this case for a good num_num months and its still holding up strong .
these help with the cooking of microwave popcorn .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
the food processor that goes with this blade is the best i have ever purchased .
any precipitation or dust stays off the num_extend and keeps it working well .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
i have to say that this one is a great value .
i am very pleased with the quality of this product .
these will work great on cookie dough and the smaller one with candy batter .
happy with purchase . no other brands to compare to .
they were shipped in num_num days . great price for a stylus that works .
they always turn out perfect and is one of the best i have owned .
like alot of others have said ,  this product is awesome .
gives good protection without any negative effects on touch screen use .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
will keep them as a place to shop .
i ve canned for num_num years and this is the best thing i use !  .
it takes up very little counter space ,  i like the white color ,  and am very pleased with this product .
would recommend to anyone having charge issues with their phone .
this thing works so much better than our box shredder that we got rid of it .
i love this dinnerware !  in fact i have purchased the sand corelle also .
after taking it out of the package i immediately knew i would love this press .
great coffee maker at half the price i paid for the last piece of junk .
i like this product because it really protects my phone .
would recommend it to anyone with a budget but still wants nice set .
no complaints yet ,  it s also a very good deal compared to other cheap cases out there .
this works great !  the top stays on with limited tossing around .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
people can hear me well and i can hear them well .
this was a good buy for me ,  i really like this product .
it comes preseasoned so you can start right away with your favorite crock meal .
they worked perfectly with my samsung galaxy siii .
i bought this for my mother ,  because she has always wanted one her whole life .
so i looked around until i found this .
this charger was a great price and works well for my phone .
i even had to share with some of my family members .
the cooking surface is a little rough but will smooth out with time .
i will be buying more from this company .
i really like this cup and use it several times a day .
they were a big hit !  great for small details .
great value ,  especially for the price !  at the store ,  a similar set was more than twice this price !  .
have been very robust after num_num months of constant use .
it s a nice little fan but i think i should have gotten a more powerful one .
i love the protection of this case !  its cute ,  cheap ,  and protective .
i m very careful with my phone though so these work for me !  .
i love how there are more than one that came as well .
once heated ,  it takes ages to cool down again and this is great for cooking almost anything .
i recommend this case if you like it and its a really good price i got for num_num dollar .
buy this product if you drop your phone a lot !  .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
this case offers great protection and is well made .
its great !  other chain stores have something similar for so much more money .
lightweight ,  large ,  and very sharp !  !  i would definitely buy this product again .
i have num_num sets of these for my surrounds and they look and perform great .
for some ,  that could be a bit tiring . i like this pin and will keep it .
all in all great device for the num_extend month update :  i continue to really like using this device .
i have owned this item for num_num weeks now . so far ,  so good .
i definitely got my money s worth out of this case .
for num_num dollars i am very pleased with this purchase .
i recommend this product because it works and you can take it with you when you move out .
i have used several screen protectors and these seem to be the best quality .
this is an awesome product for my samsung galaxy num_extend
i took a vacation home for num_num weeks and enjoyed the use of this product there .
i like the fact that they are very durable and reliable .
outside of that ,  this is a great product .
the material has a really nice soft rubbery feel to it ,  easy to hold .
however unlike most other impulse buys i have made ,  this one is a keeper .
purchased this spinner to replace an old and wharped on ,  works like a charm .
i have purchased num_num of these knives so far and love everyone of them .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
they work well and last a good while .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i wish i would have gotten one for myself sooner but am happy to have it now .
the sound quality is good  do not expect it sound like bose  .
i have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
i would highly recommend this product so far .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
this is the second microplane product i purchased ,  and i highly recommend both .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a great processor at a great price .
this will work for me for the time being .
this is my first bluetooth product and i couldn t be happier .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
but ,  i m sure they will work just fine .
so i m enjoying it ,  even though it cost me a bunch of money .
this item is definitely a good call from rim .
it is very handy to be able to use a bag and just throw it away .
glad i made this purchase its a lot better than other mounts .
this replacement battery for $ did the job !  the blackberry now performs just like it did when brand new .
very pleased with this purchase and i appreciate all the helpful reviews that guided my choice !  .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
this product is a great price for what it costed .
they are so great !  i use them daily and they clean up easily .
i love it and although i have many cases this might just be my favorite one .
i bought this to start my new hobby of baking and decorating and this is just right for that .
i don t know . all in all ,  this is a good headset .
for the money i high recommend this cover .
they too have been amazed at the quality and edge on the j . a .
this is my first time to own a mandolin and this one works very well .
i am pleased with the knives ,  could not care less about the box .
have only used it a couple of times ,  but food comes out well .
i loved that it is so much more clean using this one than the jack o lane juicers .
got some that night if you know what i mean .
they are very sturdy and don t bend even with a cast iron pot on top .
so ,  this is the best bet for the time being and we ll hope toastess fixes the shut off problem .
i have used it constantly for the past num_num years ,  and i love it !  perfect egg whites every time .
love it .  .  .  . needed one for each car so we don t have to move from one car to another .
my phone fits well even with a thin protective case .
shipped using amazon prime ,  so he got it in num_num days and it was exactly what he wanted .
this item is very high quality and well made .
battery can now make it through the day on a full charged when unplugged at num_extend
that would have been a mistake ,  because this is the perfect press hands down .
this is definitely the best iphone case i have tried .
bought this to cut my brisket and man did it make a huge difference .
i used it to peel an apple ,  and it worked great !  i didn t know that peelers could do that .
i bought this after looking at most the other comments .
very pleased with these sony ear buds after six or so months of use .
much better audio and much more natural feel when talking on the iphone .
i would definitely buy this again if i needed to .
i had one by dirt devil that i used for over num_num years .  .  . it died and this replacement is great .
this one is good stay away from the other .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
great price and i will be buying again and again .
one thing that i really like about this mount is the release button .
so far i m very pleased with this purchase .
it also is much easier to clean than many of our other devices .
i ordered this to replace my original one and i am very happy with it .
but because it moves so much air ,  it works so well .
it was a gift and what a gift !  !  ! this thing gets near daily usage in my house .
i highly recommend this product for anyone who s serious about making great salads .
this one works just like the original used to work .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
armorsuit is the best screen protector i have ever bought .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
great battery and much better than the one that came with my phone !  !  .
these have worked better than the expensive ones that are out .
i ordered this thermos based on the reviews and i was very happy not to be disappointing .
the battery life is exceptional at way over num_num hours .
i seldom have more than a couple of unpopped kernels and it is so easy .
bought these for our num_extend xls and they work just fine .
the bowls are great and kudos to amazon for customer service .
compared to the mophie series ,  this case is a great deal .
it is also nice to have a clock with you that isn t on your sweaty num_extend
it works for some things because it is lighter and thinner .
i would order this again ,  we are very satisfyed with our purachase .
good little kit ,  saves you lots of money if you have the patients to do something like this .
i love this product and would buy it again .
i think this is the best case for the evo num_extend
i guess i am old school as i really prefer the wooden dowels but these will work as well .
so i thought of this as a good option .
i ve never used for anything other than making sparkling water and it works great .
nothing but good cooking with these so far .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
i find that they make large muffins so hubby and i share one .
believe me ,  after using this egg poacher from farberware .  . my poached eggs and sunday morning eggs benedict are the best !  !  .
as others have mentioned the knives are super sharp .
i would recommend it to any samsung owner to keep with them just in case .
they re not very expensive ,  so it s worth trying them out .
i recommend this product for a quick cup of froth coffee .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
used some little effort and then it popped out really nice .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
every time i open the kitchen cabinet i am just so in love with it .
this is a good sized holder  holds num_num large soap bottles  .
they are easy to clean if you know what you are doing .
the nokia num_num is more fun than a blackberry .
i would recommend this product to anyone needing another cable .
a bit pricey maybe but worth the cost .  .  . it will never wear out .
i was really surprised how easy this was to use .
tried many different products and wilton comfort grip cookie press is the best out there .
i bought this case along with a few others at the same time .
this little pan worked like a champ and they loved them .
this knife does a very fine job on home made bread .
i like it much more than the spongy type i had been using .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
i have dropped this about num_num times already and it still works fine .
that way you re guaranteed the setting you want . this is a great product .
the product arrived on time even though i moved to a different location .
great if you have multiple devices to charge when traveling with other people .
and i ve been using them ever since ! these are very good knives .
i gifted this one and feel confident that the teen will love it too .
i love that i am able to put the phone in landscape mode with this car mount .
the shape and design is easy to grip ,  also . they were packaged perfectly when they arrived at our condo .
i ve been happy with my brita filter and find that the filters last longer than expected .
we are pleased with it so far after a couple of months .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
this product allows you to keep frozen foods together and so that they are kept in place .
it goes back on the same way ,  in reverse . anyway ,  i love this product .
i am giving it five stars and i would recommend this any time !  .
i received these as a gift ,  from my amazon wish list .
they are so handy and take up very little space .
i have bought several belts over the years and have been happy with them all .
i tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great .
this thing takes a beating and still thirdly protects this marvel of technology .
i will be purchasing another one for a gift .
i m happy with this purchase and will recommend this cover to others .
this product was in good shape when i received it .
this stuff stinks !  but then that is why it works so well to attract flys .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
they work good just like the other one i had .
love this kettle . i use this almost every day .
after having this plantronics headset for over a month ,  i am very pleased with the purchase so far .
this is a bit pricier and a bit larger than i would like ,  but boy has it got spunk .
they have improved the model over time ,  which is always a nice thing to see . my advice to you is .
i liked that it covers most of the front of the phone and slides together .
i bought this a few weeks ago and it works really well .
i gave this to my boyfriend for christmas and he loves it .
there are a lot of reviews here flattering this device better than i can .
first set lasted num_num years ,  is still sharp and for the most part is intact .
this product is very easy to clean after use  inside and out  .
for the most part ,  though ,  i love these caps .
i am sure we will get a lot of use out of this product .
having the freedom of a num_num foot cable versus the num_num footer is priceless .
was very satisfied with this product and it lived up to it s claim on the site .
think they should have never abandoned this type ,  love this unit .
they are sturdy and hold up even though i tend to jamb things in the freezer .
i ordered num_num of them for each of our num_extend and they all work great .
yum !  if i ever lost the ones i have ,  i would buy these again right away .
this one like all the others are as good as it gets .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
this works much better for spices that are crushed leaves .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
that says a lot about their company and their customer service .
orders arrived in good condition and delivered aspromised on time .
these are by far the most comfortable ear phones i ve ever used ,  back beats included .
i bought this pan as a gift and will be buying a second one soon .
i got the product much quicker than i anticipated .
and also the design of it makes it look like it s just a part of the phone .
sturdy and good norpro quality ,  this will last for years .
highly recommend it for this type of use .
don t balk ,  just buy it ,  you ll find yourself grinning like a winner every time you reach for it .
i personally think the size is perfect and am very glad they re not any bigger .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
this one is firm ,  i ve used it for over num_num years now and love it .
haven t used this product yet but i do love the design and construction .
thought it would be a hassle to deal with but i love this pan .
i m satisfied with this product and would recommend it .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
i really like the way they make the cables .
might be kinda  cheap looking  ,  but they r built well .
it is nice and heavy ,  the picture does it justice .
this is the best num_extend pan i have every owned .
i make num_num to num_num trays at a time and it makes a huge difference .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
there are a lot of reviews here flattering this device better than i can .
my best headset is the one that came with my apple iphone num_extend
sometimes it fits well and other times a top piece keeps popping off .
i would have preferred a more textured finish to give more grip but it is adequate .
we re so happy to not have to buy another pressure cooker ,  let s hope it goes another num_num years !  .
i bought this case for my bf because he loves red and needed a new case .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
yes ,  i would recommend this to a friend .
i have had it for well over num_num months now and its still holding up  :   .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
i have had my first set for num_num years and they are still working great .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
works just like the one that came with my phone .
bought for my cell phone the charger is great i have it at work to charge my phone .
i am very happy with this case and recommend it to others looking for something similar .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
we use this all the time and it has held up very well .
overall this is a really good product for what i paid .
my husband surprised me with this and other than it s a little loud ,  it works like a champ .
i will be buying more from this company .
i am still using it to this day even though i have a different phone now .
i realy like this product ,  my family was happy with those present i like too .
i ve given this as a gift after my great experience with it .
love all of the pieces i have purchased and amazon is the absolute best place to buy .
this is a very versatile product that can go from stovetop to the oven .
it s decent on the internet ,  and you can do a lot with this phone .
this has made pasta making num_num times better .
maybe our new pans will last for more than a couple of months .
bottom line ,  this is an elegant leather case .
this is a good deal if you have someone that is technical enough to take apart your phone .
i have been using them and love them .
a guy working at the local verizon store recommended this case .
so far ,  so good . overalli am so happy with this purchase .
i am very happy with this case for my phone .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
i m not sure what the num_num star people did wrong ,  but this stuff is fantastic .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
so far i m very pleased with this purchase .
one of my friends bought this model after seeing mine in action .
it s much easier to have a num_extend pan available when making something special for a cake order .
this is one of the best cases i have used on my verizon iphone num_extend
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
it was very easy to put on and you cant even tell the phone has it on .
that may have been why i was lucky and got it so fast .
i have purchased num_num of these plates and am very happy with all of them .
this earboom works a little better than most .
i bought this air purifier because my mom had the same brand an loved it .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
i have found it best to wrap it up and store it after each use .
this is the best case i have purchased so far .
i don t have any issues with the fit and so far it has worked well .
i would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them .
you can easily work out with them and they will stay in .
they seem sturdy and that they will last quite a while .
this is a unique product that i found useful for conference calls from home .
this product works great if you have limited fridge space or live alone or with num_num other person .
i also have my stainless steel which i love as well .
after doing a search on amazon i found this otterbox defender for more than a reasonable price .
i have one of these slicers from a different vendor and have found it to be very good .
only num_num at home anymore . i love that this is made of stainless steel .
i have a samsung galaxy siii and this battery pack has enhanced my love for the phone .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
it makes it so much easier than using a knife because you have more torque with scissors .
however ,  other than that ,  a pretty good car mount .
i bought these tongs num_num years ago from amazon and they are still going strong .
this is hands down the best screen protectors i have ever used .
partial charging is possible in less than one hour .
i ve used the voyager num_num for about num_num hours and i am pleased with the purchase .
gotta love something that lasts nearly num_num years  :   .
it fits more different sizes of jars than i thought it would .
this is great !  this is the best peeler i have ever purchased .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
you can t beat the price and they are very durable .
but overall this is a great product and i m very happy with it !  .
the first time i used this i loved it .
so easy to order here instead of running around hoping you can find these filters .
i love the fact that it is stainless steel and that it comes completely apart for easy cleaning .
for the price ,  i would definitely order them again .
i ll start with the good .  .  . the case is very well made .
they look nice even when they re not being used .
i have had this cheap little kettle for more than num_num years and it still works great .
i have been buying these for year because they are so handy and easy to use .
at the end of the day this battery provides a little extra battery life .
i use this for the first time the other day and what a great product .
i ve tried many types of coffee makers over the years and this is the best by far .
this is a good product to protect the screen of an iphone .
i bought this set for my sister because i love mine so much .
new trent did a fantastic job with this product .
would love this in a num_num cup size for larger batches .
i have dozens and will be ordering more .
this item was good ,  i was definitely happy with this particular purchase .
if anything i will get another one of these next time !  !  .
this is a nice assortment of different colors ,  like the fit . nice to share with other family members .
i have used a couple of different types of screen savers ,  and so far this one is my favorite .
this is the best stone by far !  i have tried many before this one .
all in all ,  i really like this thing and i would buy it again .
i ordered this cover for a coworker because he liked mine so much .
really ,  this is the best grater i ve ever used .
and so far i am still very happy with most of the products that wmf is offering .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i bought these for my grandson and his friends .
they protect the screen very well and have had no problems with them .
he never has any problems with it ,  it is top quality .
they work for their purpose so ,  i would recommend this product .
and ,  as others have noted ,  the price is amazing .
i have not had these very long ,  but they seem nice .
i bought this pan in green and loved it so well that i purchased it in white .
contacted amazon and they took care of everything very fast .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
this knife has done what i expected from it and i am not disappointed .
it s a tight fit ,  but it does fit this phone .
this is very simple product but quite effective .
i purchased this juicer in num_num and it s still going strong .
it is really lovely and just the right size for num_num mugs .
i have been using it for almost num_num months and it is perfect .
they were extremely nice ,  and sent me a replacement right away .
i have used many different phone holders; this by far is the best .
i mixed up and made three waffles within num_num minutes and each one turned out great .
the quality seems consistent with the farberware brand .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
i love this product because i don t have to lay my phone down to charge it anymore .
it is very easy to use and very user friendly .
this product fits great and is as described and easy to install .
don t even think twice !  i ve recommended this heaset to about num_num different people ,  who all love it .
i think this is well worth the money .
we found this bag and it looked like just what we needed .
much better price than from the local hardware store .
at the time i purchased it ,  it was at around num_num bucks ,  so it was an amazing value .
oh well ,  guess nothing is perfect . i highly recommend this product .
i know there are better pans out there but for the money this is a best buy .
but this contraption is very well made ,  is easy to clean ,  and should hold up over time .
i loved my first oven so much that i went and got another .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
i think most people will be happy with this for their phone .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i could have spent a lot more but this is perfect for my needs .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
i have a kitchenaid stand mixer but this is easier and does all the work for me .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
i was delighted to find them at amazon ,  and they were square .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
i should have known it wouldn t be an issue ,  my wusthof knives are amazing .
it s nice that almost a year later there are no issues with this machine .
there are so many colors to choose from and they all match together .
would recomment this product to everyone who has a cell phone .
when i started using this i realized i got more than my moneys worth for it .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
this is a perfect replacement battery for my samsung galaxy note num_extend
for them this would be an excellent product .
but they do work very well for what they were intended .
the skinomi is perfect; makes it seem like there is no screen protector on the phone at all .
it s been more than num_num months ,  so i think my review will be pretty fair . this is a terrific product .
the best thing i like about this set is its size .
i have used num_num of the num_num thus far and i am happy to have them .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
i am very happy with this humidifier for this price point .
they fit just as they are supposed to .
i also really like the fact that it has num_num different sizes vs .
they have a nice weight to them that makes them feel balanced in your hand .
there isn t much to say other than this product works great .
so i purchased this battery and it solved my problem immediately .
so if your looking for a change sure i would recommend this .
i recommend it for this purpose because it is easy to set ,  start ,  stop ,  and clear .
this is a very powerful and easy to use food processor .
just bought this processor last week and i m already in love with it .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
i found this on amazon and thought i would buy it .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
they open and close with ease ,  just like the smaller versions you can buy .
it also comes clean very easily with the coating on the interior .
i was thrilled to see this and bought one right away .
this case is by far ,  the best iphone case that i have ever owned .
the first time i used it ,  i felt in love with it .
i have looked around to find a replacement for my old pan and finally found a reasonably priced one .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
we ve had this food dryer for about num_num weeks and are loving every minute of it .
the buttons work very nicely and i would buy another one .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i bought this set of knives about num_num years ago and they have been great knives .
we have been ordering this same headset for years and got it for our friends this time .
i highly recommend this product because it lived up to the hype .
we love this product and have been making ice cream at least once a week .
they cost a little more than the standard type ,  but they are worth it .
this is a simple ,  very classic ,  neat white and good looking butter dish .
this may be the best twenty bucks i ever spent !  .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
what i like the most about this ,  is that it is easy to read .
i like this product and would buy another one in the future .
i highly recommend these to anyone that needs a charge .
it actually does well with reducing road noise ,  which is nice .
been using it for about num_num months now and it stills looks as cute as ever !  !  .
plus ,  it had slicer and shredder blades . i love it !  i made spanikopita in about num_num minutes ,  start to oven .
trust me ,  it will be money well spent and make your drives a little more enjoyable !  .
she has a grey cat and i thought this would be perfect .
i purchased these a few months ago and they seem to be holding up well .
it is also very easy to remove when you want .
it was exactly what i wanted and i would and will purchase more cases from here .
this product works well but i m taking away a star for ease of use .
i love this phone !  it s been my favorite since i started using cell phones way back in num_extend
one person said that they paid $ and that it is worth twice as much .
i am very happy i purchased this book as it containes so much great information and time saving tips .
goes on easily ,  seems to protect the device well .
there is also a powered hand tool that has rotating brushes included with this steam vac .
i really like this device and recommend it highly .
will be replacing all my old glass this year !  love this product .
one of mine is now more than two years old and works just fine .
it looks good and has been around since the num_extend
so far we are very happy with this product .
this little fan runs great and really moves a lot of air with very little noise .
i think it s a really good unit and hope its holds out for a long time .
these pans may be a might expensive but they re worth every penny as they are very well made .
i very much like this product and it is as expected .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
works exactly as it should and you don t have to worry where it is .
i hope my experience can help you in your decision .
i have been using these daily since i got them a year ago .
as it s my first one i have nothing to compare it with ,  but i am satisfied .
you also end up with smooth potatoes rather than lumpy like i prefer .
i have had no problems with it and it works great .
the lid seems fine although it s not a tight fit it works fine .
i have had them for roughly num_num months now and im happy .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
when i first got this case i was in love and wore it every monday .
this dutch oven is great !  you can bake it in the oven and nothing happens .
this is a great durable screen protector . the good :  lasted a long time . the bad :  nothing that i can think of .
i have had mine for well over a year now .
i would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a universal car mount .
i love using this whisk in stainless steel pots because ,  num_extend
i love this product ,  because it works as well as the original ,  but it costs much less .
when i can t reach people because their smartphones are dead ,  i will recommend this product .
easy to use !  i would recommend this item to anyone that has a lot of hats .
yeah ,  everything else is as great as you ve already heard from others .
i really like these and would purchase again .
that is to say that it does much better than the glass french press .
no longer have the num_extend but when i did this case worked very well with it .
this product works great and cleans up easily .
very impressive !  it really makes froth rich enough for deserts ,  even using % milk .
i ve been using it pretty much every day for the last four months ,  and the finish is still flawless .
haven t been able to use them much yet but love them so far .
you won t be disappointed !  great purchase price .  . and you can t beat amazon . com s quick ,  wonderful and dependable service ! linda .
this is hands down the best screen protector for the iphone .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
i have been nothing but satisfied with this product .
i ordered this case and it came early !  it was cheap ,  and works amazingly .
we didn t  need them but nice to know they re there .
i can really say enough about this phone .
i also have the larger balloon whisk which is equally good .
i have only used it for two days and so far so good .
keeps y our hands away from the heat .
i would buy from this company again and recommend it to others too .
these are great cases for the money !  they last a long time and protect your phone .
overall i would recommend this if you were purchasing a press .
i bought this as a birthday present for my sister and it was just delivered .
also ,  i am missing that whole retractable cord thing ,  but i still find this iron is worth it .
it actually takes a bit more than num_num cups of milk ,  which is great .
i am looking forward to using this blade next salmon season .
this product has bright colors and is very well made .
i am so glad i bought this product .
this num_num inch stone fit perfectly and worked like a charm .
so much better than using your hands or two knives .
overall ,  i would recommend this to anyone that s looking for new headphones .
thirdly the time it took to get here was amazing ,  i would buy this product again  !  .
i have no complaints so far . i recommend this product .
i have to say i bought this due to the good reviews .
it really feels like a strong cable that will last .
we have had one of these for at least num_num yrs and it works great .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
the frother has good speed ,  and produces half a cup of froth in num_num seconds .
these are a must have for your fiestaware .
i ve had this blender for about num_num months now and have been very pleased .
also ,  the great thing about this phone is the battery life .
we purchased this two years ago and use it several times a week .
this is the first droid ,  and it served me very well for the time that i used it .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
she was very pleased with this product and so am i .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
solid case ,  does its job by protecting the phone .
i was very impressed with the quality of this item .
this one is made of very heavy plastic and seals nice .
other than that ,  this is a very good case and a great value for your money .
this pan will last a you a long time .
i got him this one ,  and it still works till this day .
it it is reliable ,  i would have been happy .
this cover fits and looks great and is very easy to take off .
they can get scratches ,  but having num_num in a pack makes it easy to swap them out .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i like this product because it really protects my phone .
i will be buying this again for her .
i use this pot a lot ,  so it was well worth the purchase price .
never had a case like this before . it has a quality feel to it .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
for most baking users will find this pan adequate .
pairing was easy and i paired my iphone and another cell phone .
arrived within a week with free super saving shipping .
i think i will be using them quiet often .
the sound quality on these is much better than my samsung wired ear buds .
so glad they have continued manufacturing this product !  .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
came on time and i do have many screen protectors but i really like this one .
purchased this for my num_num year old daughter for an ipod touch and has worked very well .
granted you have to wait to get it ,  but to me that is worth it to save some money !  .
as others have stated ,  this little gem works .
these are the first real good pans i have ever purchaced .
i ve had this product since num_num and it s still working great .
but i like it and i would get it again .
this is the best pot for the money that i have ever purchased .
i am really pleased with this purchase and with shun in general .
the headset is comfortable to wear for long periods .
i would recommend this product to anyone needing another cable .
than i saw this gadget with many good reviews .
i ve never seen one i could lift with one hand . finally ,  i love that they re made in the usa .
made a great gift been using for over num_num months .
i got this coffee maker as a birthday gift two years ago .
i will definitely do business with this company again .
i ve owned quite a few different iphone cases ,  and so far this case is my favorite .
the coffee tastes good . its small enough to be put out of the way when not being used .
i ve waited over two years to write this review and it s working as well as day one .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
clear ,  easy to clean ,  and thick enough that it should last for years .
these glasses may be cheap on amazon ,  but they look and feel great ,  with a great weight to them .
it is the best peeler i have used and it does the job really well .
this filter works very well ,  and now we don t have to waste paper filters anymore .
you need to find the sweet spot for this to really sound good .
bought this just to play around with my iphone and it works as advertised .
i agree with other reviews that recommend this pan over another cheaper version by the same company .
easy to use and easy clean up !  can t ask for much more than that .
i will be buying this again for her .
i am very happy with this purchase and would recommend this if you need this .
found it on amazon for less than half ,  with free shipping .
i just it for my htc one s and i dont have any issues with it !  really good product !  .
but as far as this product goes it does the job and arrived fast .
it is healthier and the fruit roll are much better then what you can buy at the store .
i have a variety of cases that i ve purchased from amazon . this isa good ,  simple case .
it works just like the original that came with my phone .
i have been so pleased with this purchase .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
it makes a nice presentation which is also very important to me .
the fact that there rubber is good because i use them when working out and i sweat a lot .
i bought this air popper from another site about num_num months ago and it was a superb purchase .
this case is perfect ,  hard shell with rubber sides .
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
they have worked great for me but i do have num_num issues with them .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
used this for several months and it worked great .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
would  and have  recommend this style to anyone .
it is a bit larger than i anticipated but really works well .
i will be buying this again for her .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
the batteries last two to three years so it pays to do it yourself .
just receive this yogurt maker today and make my first batch of homemake yogurt .
but ,  this is a product that i can really stand behind .
this toaster oven is much better than those of num_num years ago .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
i ve only had the thermometer for num_num days and it s working well as best as i can tell .
i would recommend and would consider buying another in a heartbeat .
all in all ,  we re still very happy with this purchase .
i still have this and i still really love it .
i like these lid covers as they fit very well .
i would recommend them and will continue to buy them .
the perfect location to plug into my stereo with the headphone jack line out .
and i can really tell the difference between it and the calphalon  commercial  line .
installation is very easy; the instructions are very clear .
we love how quickly it heats up and we have found that it is very easy to clean .
i just received this pump bottle yesterday and so far i am impressed with it .
i ve tried several other cases and found this one to be the best overall .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
what more can i say ? had a technical question and customer service provided ,  not only an answer ,  but great support .
the good news is that it really does do the job .
quite happy with my purchase and highly recommend it for such purposes .
i ve owned one just like this one for over num_num years ,  and have really been pleased with it .
i have had mine for years and i think that it is great .
still oem though  :   works great with my galaxy num_extend
i had one of these with my galaxy num_extend and it did the job well .
i have had it about num_num months and it works great .
after num_num months of use the case is still going strong !  i am very happy with quality and construction !  .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
sound quality is amazing from these speakers despite the diminutive size .
there are a lot of things to like about this design .
i have purchased several holders for my car ,  this is by far the best .
i m sure there are better machines ,  but i love this one .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
we ll definitely keep that in mind with our second unit .
this press is a perfect size for me for that reason .
this is so much more than just a mixer ,  it is a whole kitchen machine .
i ve tried this product and can verify that it does work quite well .
this is really worth your time and $
these protective films are as good as any i ve tried and i can easily recommend them .
i know it will give many years of good service like the other boos products i have .
first thought of an air popper ,  but this thing is so much better .
i don t write many reviews but love this purchase so much that i need to share the joy .
it is much more toaster than oven ,  but what it does it does well .
i can note that they appear to be pretty solidly made and i like the way they connect .
pretty amazing to have that kind of warranty and service these days .
they are a nice large size which is hard to find anymore .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
i was happy when i got this and have been using them every day .
it s a lodge so you know it s the best cast iron skillet you can get .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
i now have a charger everywhere that i am and they all work very well .
bought it here and it came right to my door within a couple of days .
at $ this is a great price for a quality pan .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
there s nothing wrong with them ,  and they are a good size with comfortable handles .
the price of this product makes it well worth the price .
the hard plastic cover is very good for protecting the unit .
using the filter is easy enough and a full pitcher can be filtered in about num_num minutes or so .
i have an older truck but love playing music from my phone .
i wanted something fun and girly for my phone .
i hope this helps anyone deciding on the defender case .
it is just want i was looking for ,  something that was simple ,  straightforward and elegant .
i ve tried a number of french presses and this one is by far the best .
all good things about this item have already been said .
i also received it much sooner than was expected .
thank you ,  amazon for pricing it so that i could afford them .
this is a great value ,  and if you have less than $ to spend i would recommend it .
i bought the num_num inch ones and they couldn t be more perfect .
i m trying to get away from plastic so i love that these are all glass .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works just as it is intended .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
yes ,  this product does all that one could hope .
holds a tight seal on the pastry bag ,  very happy with this product .
works pretty good my cell holds charge for at least num_num hours staright .
i think everyone should use this system as it does everything ,  meat ,  everything !  !  !  .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
this is a product that i think will last for a long time .
i bought this for a backup to have at work .
i know that she will get a lot of use out of it .
i purchased this item based on the good reviews .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
this is the second fan of this model i have bought and have not been disappointed yet .
they have made this unit a  must have  for their kitchen .
this product does what it says it does .
love these but they don t seal quite as tight as i d like .
it s apparent that we are very satisfied with the pyrex products .
this thing works just as i hoped it would .
battery life is great ,  about one week between charges .
the riveted handles will make this pan last for years to come .
i love that i don t need another gadget because this attaches to the kitchenaid i already have .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i also got it from amazon warehouse ,  and amazon always seems to have items in superb condition .
if you serve cube sugar you will probably find this to be perfect .
i am pleased with all my le creuset items and this one is no exception .
they are the best ,  which you can tell from all the num_num star reviews .
that would have been a mistake ,  because this is the perfect press hands down .
these jars were great ,  we filled them up and are using them every day .
i m still just as happy with them as when i first bought them .
i think the quality is beyond my expectations . the design is well thought out .
it s amazing how many uses we have for this set of little white bowls .
although i have only used this once ,  i must say i m pleased with the outcomes .
this one is a good choice ,  and handily includes a cable .
i bought this specifically to use for making cupcakes and it works perfectly .
another thing i loved about this separator is the strainer you see on top .
it keeps the beverages hot more than num_num hour .
i was a little worried ,  but it came out just fine .
this got to be one of the best bluetooth headsets i ve ever used period .
absolutely recommend to anyone who needs case for their ipod touch num_extend generation .
i love that i can make tea with it as well . i would recommend this !  .
the sound quality is very good and the noise cancellation is a must .
it is easy for my mom to grip and maneuver with her arthritic hands .
it is well constructed and probably one of the most comfortable bluetooth headsets i have used .
the price is much better than the $ charged by the apple store .
i have owned several types of these shakers but really prefer this one .
i have been skeptical about screen protectors ,  but this brand really scored .
% of the corn pops perfectly each time and i ve been using it consistently for over num_num years now .
at last i found a quality pot spoon like i remember from childhood .
i m very happy with this product and will come back for more .
it seals well enough to be able to shake the jug ,  and even turn it upside down .
i have found the quality of all these items from amazon to be excellent .
i would recommend this item to anyone that is looking for these qualities .
i think this stylus pack is a very cool deal for folks that have smartphones .
i really like this product and would recommend to anyone looking to make their own jerky or dried fruits .
it does this wonderfully . that s what it s for ,  it s not for soup or anything like that .
we have had several salad spinners over the years but this one from oxo is the best yet .
i love oxo products in general ,  and this one matches their usual standard .
it works just as well as a wall charger .
this is a really nice size ,  not too big not too small .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
i had this for num_num months now and still looking good .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
i have had this board for a couple weeks now and i am really enjoying it .
both this probe thermometer and their instant read might be the best products in their category .
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
this was one of the best cases for my phone that i purchased .
purchased this  holster  along with droid pro num_extend hard case and i am very please with both .
there is also a powered hand tool that has rotating brushes included with this steam vac .
they are the real ones and hold the charge .
can t say enough about the sturdy quality of this product .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
these are great phone chargers for the iphone num_extend
so far i have not had a problem with it . i strongly recommend this holster .
they fit in pretty snug so i don t have to worry about them falling out .
i have used other oxo tools and love them ,  so i tried again with this scoop .
there is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well .
this is the best thing i have ever used in the microwave .
overall i would recommend this case to anyone .
the item seems pretty durable and it does a great job of keeping coffee hot for num_num hours .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
this makes the fan much more usable . a single button controls all the speeds and temperature settings .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
as a matter of fact ,  i tend to think that i got a really good deal .
i also like the handle ,  which has a very comfortable grip .
she has used this product multiple times and loves the divider .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
highly recommend this product to anyone who uses iphone num_extend
after only num_num minutes i had some of the most amazing ice cream i have ever had .
the sound quality on the previous two was excellent and i never had a complaint about it .
among the huge positives :  num_extend brews a superb pot of coffee !  that s most important ,  and here it s a winner .
mine has been going strong for a couple of years .
my wife had wanted one for a long time and this has lived up to their reputation for greatness .
i am now more than happy with this num_num buck protector .
i really like this kensington because it s all inclusive ,  and has a battery indicator .
they look nice and sturdy and well made .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
% of the corn pops perfectly each time and i ve been using it consistently for over num_num years now .
this is the perfect iphone num_extend case you are looking .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
i really did love this thing ,  great sound and noise cancelling worked far better than others i tried .
it s a good solid piece that seems like it ll last a long time .
the sound is much better than any of the bluetooth ear pieces i have tried .
i have never used one of these  .  .  .  . it worked well .
i have always had good luck with this brand and am not disappointed .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
it is super secure and fits my samsung galaxy  which is a larger phone  .
i have had this unit for a month now and really like it .
my kids have bought this model and swear by it ,  too .
this is probably one of the most interesting tools i have ever bought .
the case itself is durable and protects the phone .
they are priced well ,  and very useful . i haven t had any problems with them .
i like using these flexible cutting boards because they are lightweight and easy to toss into the dishwasher .
i love this thing cause i can charge my iphone and ipad at the same time .
i bought this product for my mother and she likes them very much .
i am very happy that this product worked .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
it works great num_num feet away from the phone and it charges in about num_num mins .
the serrated blade that it comes with ,  is nice and sharp .
and also the design of it makes it look like it s just a part of the phone .
i should have known it wouldn t be an issue ,  my wusthof knives are amazing .
this was a good purchase and i really like the phone .
i have no problem with that and i m very happy with the case .
it really grips the dash and hold my phone securely while on gps navigation .
i have a bb curve num_extend and this protector fit perfectly .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
all in all i would recommend this product to others .
you ll use them all more than you would expect .
i really like this case and wish that they made this for the iphone .
i have had this cuisinart for about num_num years now ,  and it is still going strong .
this is nice and slim and fits in small spaces .
my boys had these when they were younger ,  and they were a huge hit .
you ll need a pot holder when things really get hot ,  but all in all ,  i love this thing .
i will share this with others i know as well as purchase them as a gift .
this is a great ,  inexpensive hot air popcorn popper .
the first day i got this item and charged it to a full charge .
this is the best and most useful knife i have ever owned .
that being said ,  i like this case a lot .
i have had these for about a year now and they really hold up .
i really like these ,  they fit snug and look great and work great .
that says a lot about their company and their customer service .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
one ,  but the reviews made me think twice ,  so i got this one and don t regret a bit !  .
it is much lighter and fits much better than the num_extend
i bought it for my mom num_num years ago and it s still working great .
the charging portion of this product is indeed well worth the money .
these cups are so cool !  i am surprised that someone didn t come up with them years ago .
these screen protectors were very easy to install .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
this is a very low price for such great quality of a case .
battery life is extremely long ,  i love it !  must buy !  .
this is nothing fancy but just a very practical charger for apple products .
i bought a few of these for my families phones and they look great .
they also roll up nicely if you secure with a rubber band .
we have used this type for years ,  all ways good .
as far as performance ,  this item does exactly what i want it to do .
that way ,  you get the best of both worlds .
easy to apply and last longer than some of the other i have used in the past .
they fit in pretty snug so i don t have to worry about them falling out .
they are so net and i love the size of them ,  they are just net to have on display .
oxo tends to put out good products and this is another example .
the sound quality is great here with good bass . pairing was simple .
i just got a new galaxy num_extend and i ordered this case for that phone as well .
i have used the product for num_num years ,  still works like new .
got this and am definitely happy with it .
very happy with this !  !  !  !  i wish i was a sales rep for this company .
it is perfect . other reviewers have said that it arrives broken or it s flimsy .
i recommend this cookware to anyone who demands quality and great looks as well as ease of use .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i am very impressed with this grinder so far .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
overall it was a good buy that i would recommend .
i wanted something that would be as good .
works very well ,  seems to be built well and a good price ,  much better than the cell phone stores .
use it several times a week since we bought it almost a year ago .
i used it the first time and fell in love .
i got this because i could listen to music without having to use ear phone .
i m very pleased with this set ,  and my son is ,  too .
this can make a difference depending on how and where you you use it .
the adapters also worked very well taking the sim from the num_num to the galaxy s num_extend
can t say enough good things about this machine .
shipping is free and coming from hong kong  other side of the globe for me  that is a plus .
can t tell you how many people comment and compliment on this thing !  !  !  .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
it s nice not to have to hold it and it mixes much better than a hand held one .
and they are brand name ,  so i know they will work .
lights give you a good indication of when the battery is charged .
we have had our unit for num_num months and are delighted with it .
they look nice and do the job well !  no problems with these since i bought them .
i would recommend this product as it is very stong and does the job you need it to .
i find these a much more useful size than the stock num_num oz .
the infuser doesn t work all that well but this thing will keep your tea hot all day .
all in all ,  i m extremely pleased with this item .
i wanted a very good pepper mill ,  and this one is great .
a fine product that actually does what it s supposed to do .
this is another one of those items that s pretty simple ,  it does num_num thing and does it well .
i am happy with the plastic container so it is light weight and not easy to break .
definitely would recommend it for any amateur baker .
this is a serious phone and helps in managing your work life like no other .
i would purchase this product again and i would recommend this brand to my family members and friends .
it s a very nice case and it s very pretty .
i purchased these in december of num_extend and in march of num_num they still work like a charm .
you will get nice evenly sliced pieces with this product .
i will continue to use this product and will recommend it to others .
it is the best fried egg pan i have ever purchased .
the fact that it comes off so easily is also a plus for docking my iphone .
i will continue using this one when i have more coffee to bring .
other than that ,  this is a fantastic case .
this is still working several months after i bought it .
i am so pleased with it ,  that i thought i would come review it .
this is a great thermometer that i actually use almost daily .
i like it the first time i used it .
clean up is a breeze !  dont forget that these bake num_num degrees lower !  !  definitely a must buy .
i received this can opener as a housewarming gift with many other utensils and gadgets .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i recommend that you use something like a bottle brush ,  or one of those scrubbers that has a handle .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
love the color ,  the product ,  love the shipping time !  i ve seen a lot of people with this cover too .
i think they should offer it with a glass top for the price .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
whenever you re ready  after num_num minutes or so  you ve got perfect rice .
i hope you enjoy this product as much as i do !  !  .
i love it !  should have chosen a fun color instead of conservative black  :   .
i purchased this item based on the good reviews .
in terms of value for your money ,  this machine is a winner .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i have a num_extend and it works very well and doesn t add as much bulk as some .
unfortunately things get broken and this was the perfect replacement .
i purchased two of these and love them .
i like that they fold up ,  and come with a nice little case for you to keep them in .
noise suppression was that good . the headset is larger than most ,  but i actually like that .
its a little heavy to carry ,  but worth it if you like cooking anything in it .
i am more than pleased with this product .
i ve used this num_num times now while jogging and it s good .
i have tried them all and the mcgowen is the best .
we find most of our batters work best between num_num and num_extend
i bought these for my daughter s iphone and she loves them .
but they made something that had been a big headache ,  keeping spices organized ,  really easy .
i don t have to drag out the food processor ,  and clean up is quick and easy .
this jar sealer works the way it s supposed to .
there are a lot of things to love about this pan .
so far ,  the suction cup seems to work very well .
i love this product because it s not big ,  and it is sturdy .
i was surprised when i opened the package and saw how big this knife is .
no issues ,  did a good job protecting my phone for the past num_num years .
it works really well ,  i have used it a lot .
i am so thankful that i had to take a moment to write this review .
i have owned this scale for quite a few years .
of course they are much more durable than the original .
keep them oiled up and they will last a lifetime .
amazing what this little gadget can do for tenderizing a cut of meat .
unlike all the rest of the chargers ,  i feel great about this purchase .
however ,  it does have a good tight seal .
i thought this was a dumb way to play scrabble ,  at first ,  but then i came to love it .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
it s comfortable so i just leave it on most of the time when i m at work .
like alot of others have said ,  this product is awesome .
since then ,  i ve been using it to make brownies ,  and i love it .
even if your grip is weak ,  this will do the trick .
this is a very portable unit and is a bit bigger than the average smart phone .
so far after about a month it still works fine .
the best thing i like about this set is its size .
that first one i bought february num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
this was a great price and just what i expected .
i really like this product and it has worked out great so far .
i really like this case when i first got it .
i have tried many other types of tongs ,  and these are by far my favorite .
i have the prohd num_extend bowl lift ,  and it s just about right .
we ve used this popper for over num_num years and love it .
it is well worth the money spent on this grill .
he has had this case for a good num_num months and its still holding up strong .
this is one of the best purchases i ever made .
this is the most stable treo i have ever owned .
i will never find a pouch that is perfect for my needs .
i am very pleased and would recommend this product to anyone .
wow this little beauty is a dream !  i cannot believe i didn t own one .
there are cheaper timers available ,  but this one s worth the price .
they worked just as good as other screen protectors i bought that i paid a lot more for .
but this is good because it had at least num_num more size than usual .
just wanted to share this cute story . what s old is new again .
great price on amazon  . better style than the num_extend i had  . came in like you get at the store .
i really like the incase ,  but this one is just as good ,  if not better in my opinion .
i bought this grinder to grind whole flaxseed and it is perfect for the job .
i like it the first time i used it .
i ve had my two num_num gallon vornados about num_num months and am very happy with them .
thanks !  i will buy from you guys again .
it also worked on soft cheese ,  a lot better than i thought it would .
i bought these to use with our fire pit and for the most part am very pleased with them .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
it seems to work good now after using it for a few months .
i have been using mine for a few weeks ,  and here are my thoughts : pros : very ,  very durable .
i didn t want to do a review until i used it for a while . so far ,  it s great .
i have other new trent chargers and i highly recommend them .
i needed something that would bring the natural cool air in and it does the trick .
i would recommend this product to my friends and family .
well having a few le creuset this is really another must have .
this is a thing that i like so much i m thinking of buying a third .
so this product worked well at a good price point .
in any event i ve very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this product .
i ve had this steamer for about num_num years ,  and i still like it .
i found this one here and saw all the good reviews and decided to give it a try .
i love this product because it s very easy to use and the price was great .
this works really well for the hepa machine i bought several years ago .
i ve had mine for num_num years now and just love it .
it s great because you can use it with other things and it has a regular plug with long cords .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
i know that this is an expensive pepper mill ,  but it is well worth it s price .
works great and we have surely got out money s worth out of it .
i purchased this lovely platter ,  about a month ago .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
the slot appears to exist for this purpose  . bottom line :  great product but be sure to buy more than one .
this carpet cleaner is so easy to use .
this does everything ,  and i use it just about every day .
they protect the screen very well and have had no problems with them .
it came a couple of days before my phone came and it does its job well .
the vacuum is a very good buy at this price .
i certainly recommend them ,  expecially at this price ,  buy two !  .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
it s a good size ,  not flimsy and hasn t rusted . or had the mesh pull away from the rim .
i have given a few away as gifts because i like it so much and use it so much .
i love the fact that it cuts down on the cleaning and polishing time .
i loved this because not only was it affordable but it lasted me a long time .
i have tried them all and this is the best !  !  !  !  !  !  .
not only is the coffee superior in flavor but the machine itself is much easier to use .
i give the animal num_num stars because it does have power and does get the job done .
they have different sizes to adjust and fit your ear just right .
this was very easy to set up and work with siri .
i bought these to give as christmas gifts at work .
it has been very reliable . the two shortcomings of this machine have been noted by other reviewers .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
like my other oxo products ,  i love it .
it will produce the best flavors and textures you just cant get from anything else .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
this popcorn popper is so easy and quick to use .
you can really tell that a lot of thought went into the design .
i like them ,  i like their tin ,  i like how they nest .
i kept the original boxes and have moved this set half a dozen times through four states .
however ,  i think this will be a great purchase .
it did take a long time for it to find it s way here from china but it fits well .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
she has used this product multiple times and loves the divider .
it is very comfortable to hold and use .
i use this several times a day and just love it .
i really love it !  this product is not poor quality like one reviewer said .
i also bought the fine grater from this company .
this coffee maker is the best one that i have ever found .
i purchased this ,  at a really great price ,  from the amazon warehouse deals .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
other than that ,  for me ,  it s just right .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
they still work great after num_num years . they were easy to install .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat; its that good .
it does make some noise ,  but it also gets the job done and that s what is most important .
they are super easy on the hands and seems like they will last for many years .
i bought this for my single son and he uses it all the time .
these are exactly the same as the set we d had for years so they matched our existing set perfectly .
i found myself liking the fit even after using it for a couple of hours listening to music .
the num_extend now fits in the case much better .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this is my num_extend product from them and each one has been worth every penny .
i followed the directions and they turned out great .
i strongly reccommend this item for use with the iphone .
i relley like this item ,  its just the right size .
i just want something that works well and will last for a long time .
will never buy another brand for my phone again !  !  very happy with this product .
i have now used this cuisinart for two weeks ,  and i am very pleased .
these are my favorite spatula set that i bought from amazon .
i bake my own flatbread pizzas in this oven and they come out better than in a regular oven .
i recommend this product .  .  . but it was somewhat pricey for its one purpose .
i have used this cover for about num_num days ,  it works great and feels great .
i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a good screen protector .
i think this is the best i have come across and i would buy this product again .
we love our dirt devil vacuum ,  which is about num_num years old .
the stand that comes with the foamer is sturdy and is attractive on my counter .
it looks and feels like a quality product .
it looks very nice ,  it is good quality ,  the only thing is that it has limited capacity .
i have been using this whisk for over num_num years and love it .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
i was so impressed with the quality of it .
i d recommend this product to anyone considering a purchase .
just one more reason to get this product ! i have used this for a month ,  and i love it .
still ,  i expect you will find this is the best can opener you have ever used .
first one was purchased over num_num years ago ,  and it still works .
this foodsaver roll is part of a christmas present that we got for our daughter and her husband .
purchased this product for my son who works in a loud environment and works out all the time .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
we have had this coffee maker for over a year now and it works great .
they really need one really large round . everyone that sees this product loves it .
i would recommend this product to anyone who grills a lot .
wanted to make sure i liked it and it did its job .
so far i have very good experience with bionaire products .
this is one of the best purchases i have ever made .
this product works as advertised for my htc incredible num_extend
i have had no issues with this item and would recommend it too anyone .
i have used it twice so far with excellent results .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
i ordered num_num of these beautiful pitchers ,  and first i want to say that the seller is great .
i love how comfortable this headset is ,  i can wear it almost all day with very little discomfort .
this is a handy battery for my galaxy num_extend
i bought two of these for use in a tiny kitchen and they have made life easier .
my wife bought one over num_num years ago when she moved here .
mom is about num_num generations behind on iphones num_extend but she loved this case i bought her .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
the cable is longer than other cables which is very handy .
this is a good screen protector for your mytouch num_extend
i gave this num_num stars because as with almost all fiesta ,  this piece is perfect .
it not only looks good it is a pretty solid machine and everything fits together very well .
for me ,  a person who doesn t need something like this all that much ,  this was just perfect .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i like it enough that i am going to order two more .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
this is a great pyrex piece you can t live without .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
i do recommend this product . i purchased the chocolate color ,  which looks elegant when dressed on the iphone num_extend
this is the best buy i have ever purchased for my kitchen .
i ve used it inside and in the car with good results .
this was the best case i have ever used .
i got this over a year ago and have been very happy with the performance of this hand blender .
was perfect and alot cheaper than the att store .
i hated the phone but i got great battery life with the extra batteries i got with this product .
i bought this device a few years back and it is still working like a top .
i have ordeder several of these and am happy with all of them .
make sure the solution is well mixed  mix it with your finger  .
overall build quality is very high and it seems extremely durable .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
i love that they are so thin and store easier than the previous ones i had .
i ve had mine for about num_num months now and it has held up fine .
all in all great device for the num_extend month update :  i continue to really like using this device .
i bought the num_num inch and num_num inch chef s knives and love both of them .
this charger woks wonderfully on the samsung galaxy num_extend
i love the fork that comes with its own plastic cover .
these fit the samsung galaxy num_extend from virgin mobile and work great .
it is still pretty accurate too . i also keep one hanging from the warming rack in my grill .
it looks a lot better than some cheap ebay versions out there .
and you will never find a better price anywhere !  .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
my spoons are now happier . it is well made and feels like a quality product .
glad i had them for this holiday season ,  very handy .
i have young kids ,  and they had a blast watching the thing spin around .
it takes very little time to pop ,  and clean up is so easy !  .
works great ,  i ve been using this for over a month and have not had any problems with it .
otherwise ,  i recommend this as a well designed ,  quality product !  .
the cord is long enough and the charger works very wiell .
i will be buying this again for her .
this can opener works very smoothly ,  makes a nice clean cut and is comfortable in your hand .
the kids luv the size ,  they able to have one in many different areas .
i would highly recommend this product based on using it around num_num hours in the past num_num days .
price great ,  would have paid more for such a great microwave and toaster .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
they have me hooked for life on this product .
it s a very good product and i am very pleased with this purchase .
i couldn t be more pleased with this purchase !  .
this case makes the phone very secure and i think it is a very good investment .
this was a good product when i used it .
other than that i highly recommend this unit .
it protects all sides of the phone ,  even the screen as it comes with a screen protector as well .
the important part ,  does it work well ?  ,  is true to form .
i chose this one because it is ceramic and it went perfect with my white appliances in my kitchen .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
just wanted to share this cute story . what s old is new again .
i haven t used them yet but they look like they re easy to attach and use .
i will be buying this again for her .
it s still enough to last through the num_extend
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
i would recommend this kettle to my friends .
that was enough to convince me that this model is perfect for my needs .
in about num_num minutes you ve got perfect poached eggs .
thirdly the time it took to get here was amazing ,  i would buy this product again  !  .
this is a high quality basket at a very good price .
i will sing the praises of chicago metallic again .
i have admired this kettle since i first saw it in the num_extend
does what it s supposed to and better than a regular oven mitt .
i have had one for several years and got this one for a friend .
this one does it just like it should .
the magnet is strong enough to hold my cleaver .
i have also used a storm num_num some as well . the num_num is an amazing phone .
this is my num_extend bluetooth headset ,  and it is by far the best working headset .
it arrived in num_num days and both my daughter and i are very happy with the purchase .
its zagg ,  one of the better screen protectors out there .
i love being able to listen to my music and still answer the phone when needed .
i highly recommend this product; you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i would generally recommend this practice for any airpot .
this one not only stays up ,  but has more features than the others .
i know that if your battery comes damaged they will help you out .
i purchased an adapted from another manufacturer and i am good to go .
i have tried several different film coverings for the iphone num_extend and this is by far the best .
this press works really well and is very easy to clean .
i m very happy with this screen protector because i really can t tell if it s on my screen or not .
i like this product enough that i will be purchasing another .
very pleased with this product and glad to have it .
it is easy to use ,  easy to clean ,  and works very well .
like a lot of other cases ,  this one does the job .
this item is a must have for anyone with a htc evo num_extend
i ve only installed one of the num_num screen protectors but it fit perfectly .
i figured that since they re in the bread business they probably knew best .
i have used this grill a few times with different meats ,  and i really enjoy it .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
as nice a butter vault as you will find anywhere .
at first i thought it my be slippery ,  but it s rubber and grips just fine .
as i have said in my other reviews .  .  . i love cast iron cookware and i love lodge .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
i like that it was made in the usa ,  worth the extra money .
first off ,  i want to say that i love this case .
other than that i think that it is great .
i was a bit shocked at the low price of this case ,  but impressed with the many positive reviews .
this is the best ,  easiest and fastest can opener i have used . i will never buy another kind again .
it s the handle though ,  that sets these bowls apart more than anything else .
i have showed it to other people and they really like the design as well .
i am very happy with these because they are low profile and bumping them is nearly impossible .
i couldn t be more pleased with this product .
so i m pretty sure this is full of awesome and win .
this dish performs flawlessly . i cannot recommend it enough .
i m pleasantly surprised and have been using it for months without any problems .
i am totally happy with this product because it is stainless steel and very nice quality .
if you still have the original ipad ,  i would recommend this case .
picked it up a few weeks ago from a home depot .
i don t have a lot of room to store all different sizes ,  so this works great !  .
i thought it would be white but it s more of a light grey ,  which i am very happy with .
maybe our new pans will last for more than a couple of months .
i made them in minutes with this machine .
just looking at it and holding it ,  i feel like it ll do the job and that it will last .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
i followed the directions precisely to get going with filtering the waster and find that i m loving this pitcher .
it s taken me years to find a knife that i love .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
one of my favorite buys !  i would give it a num_num out of num_num if i could !  .
buy this thing !  !  best can opener i have ever used .
then i ordered these and they were perfect .
but it s been over num_num months and so far so good .
after over a week of use i m happy to have it .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
i only used this once so far  , but i like it ,  sure saves a lot of work for me .
this product does everything that it says it will .
and amazon is amazing with their speedy shipment and excellent return policy .
i have tried many bluetooth headsets and this one is the best so far .
i would recommend that everyone uses these people !  .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
i see there are some mixed reviews ,  but i am really loving this gadget so far .
it works very well with my samsung num_extend and with my laptop too !  i recommend this product .
this works more quickly than my machine and the result tastes just as good .
i bought num_num of these as gifts and everyone likes them a lot .
i purchased this item because of the great reviews and the popular brand name .
nothing bad about the product ,  worth the money .
still giving num_num stars because overall this is a great product i would not want to be without now .
you can get your iphone in a protective case in this case but it is a tight fit .
this is a big step up from symbian num_extend
you can easily work out with them and they will stay in .
product is well made and hopefully long lasting .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
i feel like they can really handle anything .
i ll start with the good .  .  . the case is very well made .
shipping came on time and i am really happy with this product .
this pitcher comes with a filter and easily fits in the fridge .
it s pretty much only meant for the one thing and it does it well .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
after about a week with the device i can say that this device fits in pocket very well .
with meetings to go to and having to iron out my clothes ,  this thing really helps .
these are supposed to be the best and work very well for me .
for the price of this machine ,  all the negatives still make it a worthwhile purchase .
i used it for one slow cooker meal and liked it .
i have tried out the timer and have been happy with it .
i was looking for a way to save valuable counter space and found it with this french press .
once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it .
this was the best case i have ever used .
i love how there are more than one that came as well .
cannot say enough good things about this platter .
we bought this second hand num_num years ago and it still looks brand new .
these are then easy to pick up with a vacuum cleaner .
i like to change my phone cover a lot so it was nice to find this one .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
oxo is a name that i equate with good products and i wasn t disappointed with this scraper at all .
i made rice in this pan at least num_num times and it turned out perfect .
i applied this to a brand new ,  fresh out of the box phone .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i like it that the holes on the phone are covered with this case .
these pens have a very nice tip on them as well .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
this was a nice little kit with num_num pieces in one purchase .
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
i love the concept of this product but you have to handle it with care .
about num_num years ago for a dusty area and have been happy with it .
this is the first processor that i have owned and i am totally ecstatic with it .
it has been droped many times and protects the phone very well .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone .
they will usually tell you better than anything else whether that particular app or upgrade is a good one .
i use it alot and the quality of this oster product i would have to say is supurb .
after reading reviews ,  i ordered two of these very solid ,  hefty pans in time for our christmas gathering .
i have solved the kitty litter problem with this amazing sucking vacuum .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
haven t made pizza with it yet but i imagine that will be great too !  .
after using this cutting for board for five years ,  i well recommend it . i hope this was helpful to you .
so that was really nice to figure out everything on the chart with the pipe tip number !  .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i find this model hoover works much better .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
this is great !  !  we ve used the pan about num_num times since getting it ,  and there are no issues .
nothing like a hot pot of freshly brewed coffee in the mornings ,  and this makes it happen .
my first one has been serving me for more than two years now .
there is also a powered hand tool that has rotating brushes included with this steam vac .
it still works well after several years of use .
i am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is .
also ,  kitchen aid has such great customer service .
never had a problem with cleaning ,  and it s got some nice thickness to it for good head distribution .
great quality in the product and not cheap like others .
very happy with it and will be purchasing another one .
it is well constructed and i use it for more than blending pasty  i . e .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i also like how it has a plastic cover for the screen .
i would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan .
i love the cover ,  and i ll probably be getting another one soon .
the magnet is strong enough to hold my cleaver .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
this is a nice size to protect my new granite counter top .
it keeps it from getting tangled ,  and it makes it easy to take the headset along .
i recommend this product if you need to heat some liquid .
i have used this a few times and love it .
i love the pocket with the velcro . i would recommend this cover to anyone .
i run with these ,  and they stay where they are supposed to and feel great ,  start to finish .
it s so much better than plugging with the usb cord .
i have dropped it several times and it is still in fine shape .
i would definitely recommend this case to anyone !  i have tried many different cases .
one of the first things you ll notice about this is that it is intelligently designed .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
i even listen to pandora and have a great time .
love the size because it doesn t seem to big but well protected .
i recently moved into the city of sf ,  about num_num miles from the ocean ,  and took one with me .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
i recommend this item to any one who needs protection for the iphone num_num series .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
it works very well ,  will take up to num_num cups of flour .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
i love this ear piece ,  it is very comfortable and fits nicely in my ear .
i love the can they come in it keeps them nice and neat .
i can t say enough good things about this item .
definitely am one of the people that love this product .
it does work nice for using the apps on the phone .  .  . since you do not have to hold the phone .
this product is manufactured well and is as sturdy as can be .
it makes just the right size cookies and helps keep hands cleaner .
nice ,  quality ,  matches all other oxo stuff we have . would buy again .
i have given this duo as a gift also ,  and will again when the occasion arises .
i couldn t be more pleased with this product .
the santoku has ridges to prevent this that work very well .
i also have the num_num cup version and love it just as much .
this is worth way more than the low price .
they work good just like the other one i had .
it s a good thing the handle is there ,  because it fits snugly .
well everything you have read thusfar is true . this is truly the best vacuum i ever had .
i am num_num percent satisfied with this great protector .
this battery is perfect and i must admit ,  a lot better than the battery that came with the phone .
i purchased this battery as a replacement and it s still running strong .
i even use it when taking a shower because that is how much i trust this case .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
this wok is so beautiful that my best friend wanted to order one the minute he saw it .
i researched a lot of wheatgrass juicers before purchasing this one and i am very happy with my decision .
purchased this roll for my food saver and love them .
it is much lighter and fits much better than the num_extend
only used it for a short time now ,  but i can tell it is a good quality case .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
i would recommend this product however and the price is certainly right .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
i use an iphone num_num and they sound great to me .
i also like the fact that it doesn t take up too much space to store it .
i received the product today and it s exactly what is pictured .
love the grill marks and the fact that s food doesn t stick .
so much better to have a belt on hand when one breaks ,  rather than ordering and waiting .
i bought this after reading excellent reviews on america s test kitchen .
i have not tried the more expensive version of this but this works great .
this fan is way better than you could ever imagine . it s better than other fans twice the size .
they are very easy to apply and were able to get all the bubbles out of them .
we have had this press for num_num months now ,  and we are completely satisfied .
i bought this for my treo num_num and so far i m very impressed .
i bought this grill mainly because it is one of the few indoor grills that has removable grill plates .
i think there are some recipes which are better than others .
i would love to have one in every color just so i can switch it up every day .
i have other more expensive pans but this one is better all the way around .
i purchased this for my galaxy num_extend and i honestly loved it .
there is a big difference between sharpening and honing .
sorry apple but this is a winner . i think samsung really got a great phone !  !  !  .
and it really does work as well as you would expect too .
a year and a half later this thing is still awesome .
this is a good quality product that i would recommend to anyone .
only time will tell how long these will last but so far so good .
me and my dad both have a motorola atrix num_extend  great phone by the way  .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
i ve been using this for several weeks now and it does quite well .
i love to cook ,  and i will be using this appliance alot in the future .
this product makes my soaker tub num_num inches deeper and i love it .
i think most people will find the sound quality to be very pleasing ,  right out of the box .
this is a great way to get charge your phone or whatever you want .
overall ,  i m very happy with this size and the quality of brew !  .
but ,  then again ,  the price is right and it works ! the wall charger works well .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
i originally bought this for the shredding aspect but found myself using it as a mandoline more .
i ve loved this pan from the moment i seasoned it ,  and have used it several times a week since .
there are a lot of wonderful reviews on this product so you should read them .
this is a nice size bread box that holds about three loaves of bread .
they have a nice weight to them that makes them feel balanced in your hand .
it works great ,  i read a few reviews about the battery and it does have one .
i also really like the attachments that it comes with which are all very handy .
they have the best customer service of any company i ve ever dealt with .
i really love these pitchers and i almost didn t buy them based on some other reviews .
it tastes fresh and hot for at least num_num hours .
i am looking forward to using this appliance .
this was a good buy and does the job well .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
this case is solid ,  lightweight and fairly slim .
at their current price ,  they are a very good value .
i hung it on the back of my bedroom door ,  which works well for me .
overall ,  i am very satisfied with this product .
much better than those plastic dog food storage units .
they say it is a very useful pan and that they use it alot .
i also have my own very practical stainless that goes in the dishwasher .
i really like it because look so cute colors together .
i really like cooking ,  so i wanted something that was good quality and would last a long time .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
i am sure we will get a lot of use out of this product .
i bought this to help with my new hobby of dehydrating food .
this is a simple waffle maker that makes great consistent waffles .
this is really well made and seems to made out of great materials .
they have a heavy base and overall seem of good quality .
it is very handy to be able to use a bag and just throw it away .
i love the iced tea and iced coffee that i can make with this machine .
i ve had it for awhile now and the color and feel have stayed through many washings now .
this stone is a good size for more than pizza .
works just like the one that came with my phone .
we definitely are enjoying this one better and hope that i that it lasts a lot longer !  .
after breaking num_num glass french presses i finally found this .
i love this and make them once a week for the num_num years i have owned it .
told everyone where they can get them at such a great price .
very happy with this case for my num_extend
so far the new ones have been great .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
i like the fact that it doesn t add much thickness to the phone ,  but adds grip .
but seems sturdy and like it will last a long time .
this is a perfect replacement battery for my samsung galaxy note num_extend
i also like that it folds flat for easy carrying in my shirt pocket .
i thought this would fit the bill and offer some padding .
i love kitchenaid products and as always ,  this is one of their quality products .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
they were an excellent price compared to purchasing them from the kitchen aid site or in the discount stores .
i m sure it would make a nice pie some day too .
but i would say this is a great deal at even under $ you can t go wrong . thanks for reading !  .
i ordered them for the color but when i received them i was greatly impressed with what i received .
we just bought this one to have a bigger size .
these were really good cases ,  used them right until i got a new phone .
so i thought this would help me and him .
oxo products are usually great and this one does the job !  .
plus ,  this product is still working good as new .
there are many more out there ,  but you will cover all the bases with this tip set .
let me know if you find this information helpful .
i am very happy with the quality of this knife .
it was very easy to assemble ,  took less than num_num min .
we have a gas cook top and it performs better than any other .
i got this kit so i could have a tip large enough for eclairs .
was looking for a boning knife with something other than a wood handle .  .  . happy with this .  .  . would recommend this knife .
my wife has been using it for about a month now and loves it .
this dock works well with my droid num_extend
i love the fact that there is num_num lengths with these spoons .
this was a great buy and i m happy with my purchase .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
we didn t really want two sizes ,  but i m glad we got the set .
i would highly recommend this product to friends and family .
i would buy it again and would recommend anyone to buy one too .
long story short it works pretty good for what i need it for and not bad for the price .
this is a great device and i would buy it again .
will keep buying their products in the future .
i believe that this works just as well as the far more expensive oyster knives .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
this product works like it is suppose to .
great screen guard at a great price ,  i d highly recommend this product to anyone .
i have never used one of these  .  .  .  . it worked well .
the little bit of twist makes them more unique than other chopsticks yet they are still easy to use .
i also love the fact that this pan can last several lifetimes .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
love this juicer even more than when i first started using it .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
overall ,  good case ,  and i would recommend to others .
i still have this actually and because of it s size ,  it actually doubles as a gps holder for me .
they are very nice and i love the grips that are on them .
i ll definitely be getting some good use out of this popper .
i bought this because it was a good price for a thermal coffee pot .
i ve used this wok for the past num_num months or so ,  and like it a lot .
make sure the solution is well mixed  mix it with your finger  .
i haven t tried it on lemons ,  but i think it would well with that also .
i use this for my samsung galaxy num_extend and it works just fine .
there are so many reasons i love this cooker .
these are so much easier to use than the regular measuring cups .
this product was great  i got a new phone so i don t use it anymore  .
% of the corn pops perfectly each time and i ve been using it consistently for over num_num years now .
i liked this item ,  although it is quite larger than i thought .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
this fits perfectly with my num_num year old num_extend
despite the  quirks  ,  i would still recommend this product .
although a little larger than i expected ,  well worth the money .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
in the end ,  i feel like this one does a great job !  .
but after saying all of that ,  i love this case .
there is just so much this phone has to offer .
i bought this product after moving into a new apartment .
other than that ,  it s a rather great protector from my experience .
i have used a steam canner for over num_num years and have had excellent results .
to be honest i was pleasantly surprised with their customer service .
i m currently using this as my main pan .  .  . great for most things ,  including stir fry .
i have used them every day since i got them .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
i m very pleased with the set and will likely purchase a duplicate in the near future .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
i have never used one before and for my fisrt time i made a great purchase .
they work as advertised with regards to not burning the bottom of the cookies .
we have three sets of these and have been very pleased with them .
i just got this case in yesterday and put it through the paces .
this is the best case for the droid num_num global .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
super easy !  super fast !  couldn t have been more simple .
this comes with three hooks that go over the top of the door .
i bought this item for me and a friend because i liked it so much .
i love popcorn and i bought this because of all the great reviews .
if you re thinking about a small rice cooker ,  you ll be pretty happy with this one .
this is the best money i have ever spent on a gadget .
this is still working several months after i bought it .
even if you only make chocolates at christmas it still worth the price .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
really pleased with this product and the company that sent them .
the dish is also very easy to clean just using hot water .
this canner is so easy to use and i ve never had one problem with it .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i also have the wmf stock pot and find they make top quality products .
even with zagg skin applied to the phone ,  it still fit in very nicely .
it fits well even though i have glasses num_extend
i have been using this cord for a long time now ,  and it really is just convenient .
it s very small ,  easy to use ,  and picks up very well .
i bought this breadmaker since it seemed to have the most good reviews ,  and i have not been disappointed .
love using this when canning !  very easy to lift out of water and seal num_num jars very quickly .
here is a trick that works for me when removing stickers from items .
there is another smaller ear gel that it comes with as well . packaging and accessories :  package is nice .
very pleased indeed . i don t know if i ll be able to write num_num words about this item as amazon requires .
it has to be seated just right to work properly .
these bags are better quality than the longer ones i purchased from a different source .
bought them because we got this style in a dinner set .
since i bought it ,  i have found that i use it more often than i thought i would .
mine do and the unit performed well with pandora and other streaming audio .
i have num_num dogs and i love that i can do a quick clean up .
i would recommend this case if you have an atrix .
this does what it is supposed to do just fine .
this is a great charger ,  the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
i found these covers to be easy to apply and they stay on pretty well .
i am grateful to any company that helps a driver to be less distracted while driving .
i have tried several covers ,  and this is my favorite .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
after trying this product ,  i felt it is a good product and very comfortable .
i have nothing but good things to say about this cleaner .
purchased this for my num_num year old daughter for an ipod touch and has worked very well .
hopefully they make future versions with a little wider usable range and a more accurate notch setting .
this one cleans itself much better after use ,  and it seems to have more suction .
my iphone is two years old ,  but looks absolutely brand new coming out of this case .
i m sure some one here in usa could make this product just as well as the chinese .
it charges pretty much anything you can think of ,  and it does it fast .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
they seem to be of pretty good quality and sturdy .
they aren t large but i have found that to be a plus .
i purchased this for my lg num_extend phone and it works perfectly .
they are perfect !  you put them up and they stay exactly where they re placed .
i ve only just started playing with some of these features ,  but it looks really good .
this funnel is more stable than any i ve ever used ,  which is very important when pouring hot liquids .
my num_num year old does good with them ,  and i like to drink juice out of them as well .
also ,  it s nice to have num_num in a pack ,  just in case you mess up or want to replace .
so very easy to assemble ,  super sturdy and a great size for everything .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
i decided to keep this product because i love it ,  love it .
i m rounding up in this case because they are really nice .
these paring knives are simply the best i have ever seen or used .
the first thing i cooked in this cooker was a roast and it was magnificent .  .  . lol .
they will most likely work out within a few days . i suggest buying this product .
i absolutely love the ease of installation and protection afforded by these screen protectors .
i have several of these and they really get a work out at thanksgiving and christmas .
amazing ! this pressure cooker is sturdy and easy to assemble .
many years ago a chef told me that all clad was the best and i have never been disappointed .
i ve never had a real mortar and pestle before and i love it .
these are the best mixing bowls i have ever had .
i have had this for three months and it works well .
that being said they work great when cooking .
i am very glad that i purchased this product .
i was concerned about buying a  reconditioned  product ,  but was reassured that kitchenaid has excellent customer service .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
this thing is huge ,  but very spacey in enough room to put stuff .
one of the few things still made in america and in business since num_extend
i love this case when i had my iphone num_extend
either way ,  i m very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
but overall this is a fantastic machine with a terrific carafe .
i would definitely recommend these along with a matching shower curtain rod .
i have num_num silpat sheets that i ve had for at least num_num years and love them .
as others have mentioned the knives are super sharp .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
this was probably the best phone case i ve ever owned .
this is a nice silicone cover ,  not cheap feeling like some other covers you find .
the instructions were very easy to read ,  and easy to follow .
i have to say i am very satisfied with this tool .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
this was the easiest ice cream i ve ever made .
after all ,  this has a very sharp blade that has no problems slicing through tough carrots .
this works great !  much better than the slotted spoon i was previously using .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
these are great cases for the money !  they last a long time and protect your phone .
the charger worked perfectly ,  and continues to work almost num_num months later .
this is the best num_extend case out there .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
if you like real butter but like it soft so its spreadable then this product is for you .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
i have a larger whisk that also works well but just doesn t fit the hand as well .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i know that these are $ but i think that they re worth the money .
as the other reviewers have said this thing does do a great job making hot coco .
this knife has done what i expected from it and i am not disappointed .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
would   and have  purchased again . great protector for an older phone .
however ,  they fit perfectly and seem to be of really great quality .
has plenty of power ,  easy to clean ,  and does not take up much space .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
other than that ,  these pans continue to perform well .
this headset is small ,  light and has good sound quality .
i don t think they have changed the unit at all  and that is good !   .
works pretty good my cell holds charge for at least num_num hours staright .
i have been using this whisk for over num_num years and love it .
this works great and is an excellent purchase for the price .
when i found this set ,  i was elated and am not at all disappointed with the quality .
since i bought it ,  i have found that i use it more often than i thought i would .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
this pitcher comes with a filter and easily fits in the fridge .
every oxo product i have ever owned has been at least very good ,  and for the most part ,  excellent .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i just put this case on my iphone num_extend and really like it .
i have never gotten this great of service from a seller before .
there is nothing better !  !  and this coffee pot is simply wonderful .
this was a great replacement at an even better price .
with this set you can pull apart what you need and easily place it back together .
they make it so easy to hang your pants ,  and keep them from wrinkling .
i like this fan because it is small and easy to store when not in use .
what an excellent product !  i have had mine for num_num years without any problem .
i just make sure that the berries are not whole ,  and the blender works just fine .
seidio has really done a great job with this charger .
if you don t want that trouble ,  buy a coated one ,  but this is the authentic deal .
my num_num year old loved these for her birthday .
they also have long handles ,  which makes them easier to use .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
i ve had mine for about num_num months now and it has held up fine .
i was sold with that testimony and have been impressed with this product since i bought it .
i happily give this a five star rating .
at this price you can get several like i did and change them up all the time !  .
dont have the num_extend anymore ,  but when i did ,  this case was perfect .
as other reviewers have mentioned this device is great for smashing garlic prior to peeling it .
this is really one of the best things i have bought from amazon .
the first time i used it ,  i felt in love with it .
i used it in the salton and left it for about num_num hours and it came out perfect .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
she swears they are even better than parchment paper and are reusable many times over .
i was pleased with this product and would use it again .
after receiving this case ,  it is a little bulky but it is nice and protects my phone very well .
i like the look and feel of this product .
the voice recognition works really well ,  either with the built in microphone or using a headset .
i ordered this case and it worked great for its purpose .
easy to clean and keeping the shine doesn t seem like it s going to be a problem .
have had several other brands but this one by far produces the hottest coffee .
i like the size and am happy with this product .
this is the best can opener i have ever used .
i love the num_num cup size the best ,  but this set has a good mix of sizes .
as other reviewers have noted ,  this is good calphalon equipment .
this product extends that trend !  the igeek num_extend powers everything i have fully and quickly .
its a bit bulky and the rubber starts to weaken after a few months but i liked this case .
going on num_num years now with this great set !  .
easy to clean and keeping the shine doesn t seem like it s going to be a problem .
i would recommend this case to anyone who wants to protect his or her phone .
we are both very pleased with the results .
easy to take apart ,  clean ,  and put back together .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
now i know that i don t have to spend a lot of money to get something nice and cute !  .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i have really liked having this screen protector .
other than that ,  i really do love this fan .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
this extended battery did indeed extend the battery life of my droid and the case fits well .
i thought this case would be perfect for me .
i ve only had this for num_num day but i already know i love it .
i have probably used it over num_num times ,  and every time has been wonderful .
good value for the money and i would buy again .
i think the  wind sock  helps with this .
we have been using ours for about num_num years and it is still going strong .
using this with an iphone num_num  gsm  . this armband is perfect for our runs around the park .
i think thats true  . well anyway even if that s not so its a really nice plate .
in terms of value for your money ,  this machine is a winner .
i bought this for my brother and he s so happy with it .
the battery life has been more than adequate for my very light usage .
i love this case and was glad that i got the hard plastic on the outside .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
i highly recommend using this for podcasts !  i use this all the time just for that reason .
i ve been through about num_num different car chargers and this seems to be the best .
cheap ,  good quality ,  bought num_num of them ,  for num_num iphones .
after using this item for months i am % happy with it .
also it is a bit hard to take the case on and off but i m happy with it .
i got the product much quicker than i anticipated .
i used it the first time and fell in love .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the included short and long usb cables with swappable tips are perfect .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
maybe our new pans will last for more than a couple of months .
i like this feature because it makes it much easier to clean in my opinion .
for some reason i expected these cake pans to be heavier ,  but they are aluminum and very lightweight .
after going through num_num different chef s knives over the past num_num years ,  this has by far been the best .
the part arrived very fast and i would recommend this to anyone .
there is something about glass that is simply cleaner .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
this product makes a decent cup of coffee .
these work very well ,  and are very handy to use .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
it has lasted a while so i am very happy with this purchase .
this thing works so much better than our box shredder that we got rid of it .
yes it does use more propane than i might like but it does the job .
i ordered this for my brother and he really likes it !  it looks sleek with his black iphone .
i love the fact that it looks like a loaf of bread .
this pan worms up quicker than ordinary ,  very glad to have bought this .
we have used this pressure cooker num_num times this summer and it works great .
i was a bit annoyed that they did not think of this . other than that it is an excellent rack .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
this is definitely the best case out of the few i ve tried .
i ve never had a problem with the heads or the wooden handles . the crocks are great ,  too .
this bag holds more than enough for that task .
i received this num_num days before said ,  i am very happy with the service and the product .
this just arrived today and it is perfect .
always a great item to have when you are traveling and people want to see your screen .
there is nothing flashy about it at all ,  but it does work well .
i ve had this for awhile now and it still looks new !  good purchase !  !  !  .
and they coordinate with so many other dishes .
that said ,  thousands of num_num star reviews say lodge cast iron is the best of the best .
son uses for skype and podcasts and is very pleased with quality for the price .
it s almost as good as using my french press and much easier .
i purchased the iphone num_extend  which this case claims to fit  and it works really well .
i may have to repurchase them !  they re adorable and worth it since they re oh so cheap .
i ve owned one of these for about num_num years  and it still works  .
they are perfectly weighted and they just feel good .
would recommend this type of case for any phone .
this being my first otterbox ,  of course .  would highly recommend this product to anyone .
i ve been so pleased with the product that i bought a num_extend for work and travel .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
dont understand the previous reviews ,  but this works just the way it should .
i purchased this in january num_num and num_extend year later it is still working dependably and consistently .
i also love them for mimosas because they hold so much .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
and my kids have loved pretty much everything i ve made in it .
i have been very happy with this battery .
they work perfectly together . cleaning is easiest directly after use .
these arrive quickly and are of better quality than the cheaper chargers .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
this is a great stone !  nice and big ,  it almost completely fills my oven .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
but two of these a year ago ,  and am still very satisfied with my purchase .
nothing sticks to it and if it does then it is very easy to clean .
i purchased these and have been super pleased with some of the space they created for me .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
they even look great with my tea sets .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and it proves a very stable place for it .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
i would recommend this battery ,  based on the customer service .
overall ,  i m pleased with this product because it does what it s supposed to do .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
i would recommend this product to anyone wanting a good knife sharpener .
the tea is good and so far  less than num_num weeks  it functions well .
i ll give an update if it breaks or chips like many other reviewers ,  but until then ,  great case .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
really important when you want to keep on working without interruption .
what do you expect for the price ?  this is a wonderful pitcher .
but i would purchase this case again .  .  . great colors and very sturdy .
this charger is so much better quality than some of the others i ve had .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
it works well and i d give it num_num stars if it weren t so loud .
they have had no problems with it and were very happy to receive it . recommended .
this is such a useful little usb port .
i was able to put this on my new phone and it looks great .
i ve done my research for weeks before i bought this and i love it !  !  !  .
they come out hot and pliable enough not to shatter when you fill them .
i ended up buying this knife because i really liked the look of the handle .
this is a very good battery at a very good price .
i am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to a friend .
would recommend to anyone who s looking for this style .
it s also important to note that the metal top has some sharp edges around the bottom .
i have been very pleased with this case so far .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
this paddle works well ,  looks pretty when out for use and best of all .
i really like the feel of this case .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
this plantronics num_extend cordless headset phone  works well and was remarkably easy to setup .
i have used the zagg shields on num_num different phones and love it .
i chose this one because of its size ,  its good reviews ,  and its color .
these cases are very good quality and protect my iphone very well .
this item turned out to be even more handy than expected .
i still have this charger and still works .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
can t say enough positive things about this item .
contrary to what a few people might have to say about it ,  i love this rice cooker .
however ,  a benefit of this unit is that it s small and light .
my daughter wanted this book and the price on amazon was the best .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
the charge time is long num_extend hours  ,  but is definitely worth it .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
they came just like they said they would and in great shape .
this thing works just as i hoped it would .
bought this with the gaggia carezza ,  and together they make great espresso !  .
everything is in great shape still and i would recommend them to anyone .
having said that ,  this griddle does heat well even between the burners .
impressed with the quality of this knife for the price .
i have been very happy with these clips !  .
comfortable to wear for long periods of time .
i have had and used all of this flatware for over a year and they still shine .
i loved this different sizes of the same cutter .
i bought this and have used it since day one that i had my evo .
it doesn t take long to heat up and maintains well .
would recommend it to people that have this phone .
very few timers have this and it makes it much more useful than the others .
this product is really good and easy to use .
this is the easiest product i ve ever used or cleaned .
it s just great ! some people might not like that the settings are either .
i purchased this product for my daughter ,  and she liked it .
i will recommend this to other and i will buy it again .
you will use it almost every time you cook .
the quality is great and i have no problems with them at all .
if you are looking for a popper i think this is a good one .
i just use the regular coffee but its still good .
i ve used this loaf pan a couple dozen times already ,  and i m happy with it .
i would buy again and would recommend to a friend .
other than that ,  very powerful for it s size and gets under things with no problem .
it beats my old one which was about four times the price .
these are even better than i thought they would be .
and the best part is that this percolator makes coffee without plastic parts or paper filters .
there are several layers of safety features that i really appreciate .
i m a big oxo fan and this thing is just awesome !  berries ,  herbs ,  salad; it all spins dry .
these filters work great and make my water taste so much better .
these are good cut right and last long .
this cover really fits and protect my iphone num_extend
but for someone like me ,  these work very well .
i feel like this will hold up pretty well over time .
haven t used this much yet but ,  the few times i have i ve loved it .
other than that it is a great buy !  .
normally i enjoy cooking now with these pans i cook even more .
i have num_num different appliances of this brand and happy with each .
reiko cases have always been good to me .
i purchased this bracket for my num_extend and am very pleased overall with it performance and high quality .
if you have the space for this baby ,  it will be your best friend .
this casserole is made in china and it is great quality .
this is a product i will remember for many years to come .
i haven t had any problems with this item and would recommend it to anyone !   :   .
small size great for two num_extend mugs of tea .
i decided to give it a try and i am actually very satisfied .
since then ,  i found them here in the states and have always used them .
this makes great hot coffee just like my previous one .
another thing i like is the purple color lids .
i had this stone for num_num years and found the more i use it the better it works .
the sound quality is better than my ipod headphones and is actually quite good .
either way ,  i m very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
they took a long time to ship but they work great .
this charger works great with my galaxy num_extend
these pans are just what i was looking for and much better quality than i expected .
serve to your family with some fruit and whipped cream or what have you  .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
i ended up liking these even more then i thought i would .
it works even better than the samsung intercept that i replaced with it ,  and is reasonably priced .
i like that the unit isn t round and is quieter than the cheaper units .
although i have only used it once so far it seems like a quality product .
if there is a smaller one like this i will buy it too !  .
have only used it once ,  but it s great .
i bought this case because of the descriptions and the price .
so far ,  i m very pleased with this device .
these molds are of good quality and performed as advertised .
this is one of my favorite purchases from amazon .
i would order the white one for her too because it is a nice simple case .
probably more power than a home cook needs .  .  . but awesome .
they look like they will hold up well .
i really like it because you can cook and store with this set .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
this is a great high quality pan which really delivers .
these jugs are made of thick glass so they hold up very well ,  they hold num_num liters .
i ve had this set of num_num mugs for num_num years and they are excellent and still have no defects .
i v e had many vacuums over the years ,  but this is my favorite .
i am very pleased with the purchase and would buy from this company again .
i recommend that you look into this as a featurewhen weighing your options as to what model to order .
i purchased this item a while back ,  but i remember that it was great item .
you don t have to have problems with you hands to appreciate good grips products .
when i bought this years ago ,  i fell in love with it .
perfect pot to warm milk up for my morning coffee .
these are a very pretty red ,  really cute ,  and hey ,  they do the job .
i think this is a really great price and free shipping too !  .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i always use warm water to make my coffee .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
this makes it easy to get the ice cream out of the box ,  especially when it s hard .
i like it more than any other brands .
after making some cocktails and smoothies with it i was happy with the results .
i have the white version of the epic num_extend touch and the case looks really good on it .
a little bulky but they work well and deliver what i need .
i have num_num silpat sheets that i ve had for at least num_num years and love them .
i ordered this product for my daughter and she has enjoyed it very much .
this thing is a great idea from ronco .
i bought based on amazon reviews and am extremely pleased with the performance and the versatility .
as others have mentioned ,  this is a serving spoon ,  and a fine one at that .
i like it even more than when i first got it .
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
this product deserves many more stars than num_extend
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
it fit my phone well and i would purchase it again .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
the fact that this package comes with num_num protectors makes this a very good deal .
well ,  they are great and they are made of plastic so they are light .
friends say they hereme fine through it as well without me having to try to boost the mic volume .
i just wipe it with a damp cloth and good as new .
these sheets are very well made ,  very heavy and i have never experienced warping with these sheets .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
i would have given it a num_num or num_num for that reason ,  but customer service was fantastic .
we got this about num_num years ago and we make homemade pizza once a week .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
i ve rarely been so pleased with a small appliance .
it looks and feels like a quality product .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
i love to zest lemons with this thing .
this is a nice screen protector that is working well for me .
this is so much more powerful than the holmes .
if you are looking for a good product .  .  . this is the one .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
it a basic skin case that fits really well on the phone .
this earpiece is absolutely terrific ,  i love it ,  it s so light weight and convenient .  . it feels like your wearing nothing .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i think this is an very nice tool to have .
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
bought these for my num_num year old and they are holding up nicely .
in the end all sides are covered and the case offers protection for the phone .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
i ve been using these for about num_num months now and they work great .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
they have me hooked for life on this product .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
i ve been using this for a couple years now and it is still holding up .
i have tried cooking them in the oven too and they held up very well too .
it is easy to clean ,  nicely designed  black model  ,  and it did come with full instructions .
this is a classic bread knife that works very very well .
dropped it several times but it still works fine .
these will last as long as i need them .
i love this product !  if its fully charged i can fully charge my iphone num_num or num_num times .
this one does a great job and works very well .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
i received these ear hooks quickly and am looking forward in using them .
i followed the directions and let the filter soak num_num times and i ve been drinking good water ever since .
it is just big enough to melt ,  make one serving ,  or use as a decor piece .
it is a good value for the price . background :  i have had a rival steamer for about num_num years .
i ve had my first pair for over num_num years and they are still in amazing shape .
so i purchased this item with a happy heart and i love it .
i use this all the timeand am very happy with the quality .
like all le creuset products ,  this one is awesome too .
they worked like they said and were easy to use .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
i love the iced tea and iced coffee that i can make with this machine .
i purchased this new piece because i had been looking for a unique size and what a great buy .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
i am really happy with the purchase of this frothing cup .
as others have stated ,  this little gem works .
i bought this for my mother ,  because she has always wanted one her whole life .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
except for the  banker s hours  of customer service ,  they were quite helpful and always polite .
we have only used it once and it cut the cheese just fine .
the device takes about num_num hours to reach full charge ,  and once fully charge ,  it works like a charm .
i have had good luck with pyrex products and they last for quite a while .
this one is much faster ,  and also has a number of safety features that the old one didn t have .
i ve used this pot for about num_num months ,  and it is excellent .
if you only need one or a couple of corn on the cob this works great .
sony did a good job with this product .
if you own any bowl ,  you should purchase this item .
all in all ,  a good screen protector for the iphone num_extend
the first thing that it does well is provide much needed length in the cable .
i bought this mainly because of the length .
it has just about everything that you need for your kitchenaid mixer .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
it protects my iphone num_extend very well with a zagg full cover .
this works very well to establish a bluetooth connection and has a convenient usb charging outlet as well .
got this along with another set of pyrex bowls .
very good quallity and heavy ,  does not warp like other products of this kind .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
this num_extend inch size is perfect for small portions for one person .
for the price you pay ,  you re getting a quality product that will hold up .
i really like this product and it has worked out great so far .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i really like these because of their length .
i have a pan that it fits into just right .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  this product is nice and heavy .
i would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan .
this is the second num_extend motorola i have purchased ,  and they both work great .
i love this product !  i used it on my droid bionic ,  and noow my samsung num_extend
i have had at least num_num different bluetooth s and this is the most comfortable and clear by far .
has great battery life ,  fits well ,  and works great .
i also used the other end makes the cakes look so good .
this is one of those things that does what it says .
i will admit that i have no experience with other calphalon products but this one feels sturdy to me .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
in fact ,  it s much better than the smaller one because i can slice several things into one bowl .
nice weight which is better than other brands .
you ll have to keep them clean even though they re organized .
i m very happy to have a num_num qt .  ,  num_num qt .  ,  and num_num qt .
really functional ,  and small enough that it fits into a kitchen drawer .
a little loose on the joints ,  but other than that it works well .
this was a great purchase and i would not hesitate to recommend it .
excellent product . update :  february num_extend am still using the salad spinner on a regular basis .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
great case and even greater price so i d recommend this case to anyone .
i love these little things ,  bought a few of them .
i also love that it is very easy to clean .
this item is very high quality and well made .
this unit has more power than any other i have used .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
however ,  i am very happy with this product .
i have used this for the past several weeks and so far love it .
i would recommend this for people any day .
i purchased this battery as a replacement and it s still running strong .
i bought this because of the extra handle to assist lifting when heavy with contents .
i have a very nice tradional espresso machine with portafilter .
wow !  !  !  i love it !  !  !  it is so much better than the ones that i have had in the past .
i ve used this nonstick baking sheet and fell in love .
i am impressed with this product and with the quality .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
i would recommend one for every kitchen i use it all the time .
this is a really good product ,  and with patient technique you should have a positive experience ,  too .
this is possibly the best kitchen item i have ever purchased .
i love the fact that it looks like a loaf of bread .
this charger is well constructed and the charge lasts for a long time .
this is just like the one that came with the mixer and it s great .
when hiking an camping this offers a backup to the camper when away from sources of power .
all the directions are easy to follow ,  i . e .  ,  care and cleaning .
i will never buy any other brand but circulon; it is sooo worth the money !  .
very pleasant experience . the one that i have that works has been a lifesaver on many occasions .
this one is good stay away from the other .
i love this case ,  a lot !  the only thing i dislike is that the design rubs off .
this griddle is one of my favorite amazon purchases .
it was a very good price and i love that it came with the silicone handle that s removable .
the battery life on this phone is very good .
i like a thin ,  crispy crust and it was perfect .
for the price tag ,  this really is a nice product that does what it says it ll do .
this unit works great hand in hand with a great grinder .
this pan is so very big i will be able to cook anything that i want and it .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  this product is nice and heavy .
even after i got married they are still in daily use .
shipment was fast received within a couple of days ordering it .
good earpiece for the money !  !  shipping was fast ,  would definitely buy from this seller again !  !  .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
i bought these about a week ago and was impressed with the size and apperence .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
i ve made num_num batches of italian bread with this bread pan and it came out perfect everytime .
other than that ,  this unit is fantastic and i couldn t be happier with it .
am sure that it will work just fine .
i have been with tracfone for around num_num years now and have loved the phones they have put out .
the best deal in the biz . everything about this phone is effortless .
i ve made num_num loaves so far on different settings and they were all good .
also comes in handy when used as a clock .
i would recommend this product to anyone that serves hot cocoa to friends and family .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
i can see why this gets such high reviews here on amazon !  .
this product is very useful and has many more applications than just straining num_extend
i am so glad to have found this black toaster oven and got it so quickly through amazon . com .
got this when they had it for $ must have been a special .
this is exactly what i am looking for .
i have used this to cook rice with excellent results .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
it s battery life is good but i didn t want to take chances .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
this item was the perfect gift for my boy friends iphone .
i have used several times already and i am very pleased .
i would recommend this product to anyone that just needs a speakerphone for occasional use .
there is also a powered hand tool that has rotating brushes included with this steam vac .
works plenty good . i would agree with other reviewers that there is a tiny bit of technique .
i have a case for my iphone and my wife s samsung galaxy num_extend and i love them both .
very happy with this product and would definitely recommend .
you can bake much more than just pizza with this pan .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
i would recommend this product for what it is and for easy storage .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
there are cheaper ones which does the same job ,  but this product has a good design and a stand .
she has been using if for several months now and really likes it .
it looks and works just like to apple version that came with the ipad .
with that being said ,  the battery still works perfectly and i love it .
it s compact and classy . for the price you really can t go wrong with this product .
however this product is really good for people who don t know how to iron .
i bought this for my wife num_num years ago ,  and it s still going strong .
after going through num_num different chef s knives over the past num_num years ,  this has by far been the best .
great to have a usb charger to that i can charge anyone s phone and gps while driving .
however ,  i still get great results with mine .
they have been up to every task that i asked of them .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
they were easy to apply and look great .
this protector fits well and looks good on the phone .
we have always wanted one and would recommend it .
the results are the headphones now fit perfect and feel like i have nothing on my head .
bought this for timing tea and discovered num_num minutes is also good for poached eggs .
the price is exceptional ,  and the quality is very good .
the first time i used this i loved it .
have used this item many times for roasting vegetables ,  and it works great .
charging it is easy to do and doesn t take long ,  either . in sum ,  i m very satisfied with this device .
although i don t own this specific piece of fiestaware ,  i do own and love a lot of other pieces .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
i know that these are $ but i think that they re worth the money .
i especially am impressed that they have the confidence to put a three years warranty on this product .
it looks really clean on the outside and i like the little logo guy .
it was the best price for anything like this combined with the quality .
this is a very handsome flatware set that can be used on a daily basis or for special occasions .
getting them on sunday ,  num_num days before christmas ,  with prime ,  is even better .
i ve compared this one to other screen protectors and this is is crystal clear when you apply it .
amazon . com had it at a good price and the reviews were mostly good so i bought one .
update :  it s been num_num months ,  and i still love this knife .
the same very high quality of other pans i own from this company .
she charged it fully and used them right away .
i like this because it is easy to use .
i can t begin to tell you how much time this has saved me .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
i use it about once a month and really like the nice fresh scent .
the new trent num_num is the best accessory i have for my iphone num_extend
this is a great dock for the galaxy num_extend
have used it probably num_num times so far and love it .
the replacement came within a week and i take this thing everywhere !  .
these work with the old style vacu vin and seem to work better than the old stoppers did .
there are two things that i especially like .
makes sense . over all ,  you won t be disappointed with this set .
i bought this num_num years ago and it s still working great .
bought this for my wife over a year ago .
and that s a great thing ,  because the battery life on this thing is fantastic .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
it looks like good corner protection ,  and that seems to be the key with the iphones .
really liked this case when i use to have my old num_extend
it makes great ,  tender popcorn in about num_num minutes ,  and generally ,  all the corn pops .
i loved the sound quality even at high volume .
the gps is also pretty nice even though i have a dedicated system .
the first thing you will notice is it s construction .  .  .  .  .  . it is a sensible and classy design and is well made .
these are great because you dont want to scratch your screen .
now this helps to put an end to that problem .
this is the best thing i could have done for my electric bill .
just as good as the very expensive ones .
i wanted a processor that i could make nut butter with ,  and this does the trick .
i recently switched back to the mirrored one because i scratched this one ,  but these are pretty durable .
i would recommend this product to anyone who grills a lot .
i would definitely buy more from this company .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
these are dishwasher safe ,  nice looking and still intact after three years .
all in all ,  i m very happy with this device .
i will be purchasing more in the future .
i do a lot of juicing and this is a quality product that will get plenty of use .
they are great for the most part i am satisfied with this product .
i really enjoy using this item for both cooking and serving things with butter .
this product works perfect with the holmes air purifier .
i ve used this for flour ,  and it works just as well .
he says it works great and when needed will purchase this product again .
i used these for many projects but they work great for a base for diaper cakes .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
a three minute egg took num_num minutes with my old poacher but this one is spot on .
gotta love something that lasts nearly num_num years  :   .
blended the only things i have tried it on so far very nicely with fine results . ccw .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
thanks amazon for listing this product on your website !  .
i m very pleased with this product ,  especially for the price .
this pan is so very big i will be able to cook anything that i want and it .
i really like this and would recommend it !  .
i bought this pan because of the great reviews on amazon ,  and i am very happy with it .
this was probably the best phone case i ve ever owned .
i would recommend this and any other of their products from my reviews in a second .
i wanted something large enough for the big pans and this does that .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
it s been over a month now and the entire assembly has held up well .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
what sold me on this particular headset was the outgoing sound quality .
i have been using this for my tablet ,  and num_num slrs and it work perfectly .
it arrived at my house in only num_num days !  one of the best purchases i ve made  :   .
this product makes great waffles with the proper consistency .
with the handle it is about num_num inches ,  which is a perfect size .
i ve had one of these for about num_num years and love it .
i received exactly what the product description says .
i am very very pleased with this case i love it very much ,  pretty colors in it .
it feels sturdy and was fairly easy to put together after following the directions .
so far after several months of occasional use ,  i am very happy with it .
fit my machine just right and have already used them several time this week .
granted you have to wait to get it ,  but to me that is worth it to save some money !  .
the price is much better compared to the other cast iron pots that are on the market .
i am % satisfied and would recommend this to anyone ,  especially anyine who is hard on phones .
i have had great service from an old hoover for many years .
i do have cereal in them and it works just fine .
they come in hand for just about anything that needs a good scrubbing .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
this item shipped very quickly and was easy to apply .
however it is working very well other than that .
bought this for my wife over a year ago .
just can t say enough nice things about it .
i will order them again when we need them .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
these are nicer than i thought they would be .
it has been a very good but has a few num_extend
in num_num years of italian cooking ,  this is the best garlic press i ve ever owned .
this is a great item to add to your purchase to get you up to $ for free shipping .
this is a good price for six screen protectors ,  they went on well and stick good .
i gave this num_num stars because as with almost all fiesta ,  this piece is perfect .
and for such a small thing it really moves a lot of air !  .
pretty good spatula ,  this is one of the few oxo products i would recommend .
after searching through the amazon site i was happy to see the num_extend as a perfect replacement .
it s more fashion than function ,  but it s worth the price  which .
it doesn t look like much but works perfect .
i bought these for my wife ,  and i got to say ,  i love them as much as her .
i have not heard anything wrong with it so i think it works just fine .
for this price ,  it is really really cute .
i received this grinder as a birthday gift a couple days ago and am very pleased with it .
then chances are that this charger will work for you .
i read the tips from other viewers and that helped .
i absolutely love this pan !  the num_num inch is a perfect size .
bonus !  these clips are easy to find ,  they have attached magnents allowing them to store right on my fridge !  .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
my wife and i really like this pizza pan .
now that i have use it more and more ,  i like it more .
this is great when used with the isi cream whipper .
however it does just fine for that amount .
i hope this will not crumble over time ,  because i really love it .
i ve used this tip several times and i love it .
if you look around the net you see used models from this company and they get a good price .
they re a little pricey when compared to other brands ,  but worth every penny .
happy with purchase ,  wish i would have bought earlier .
it gets clean this way and i rarely wash it with soap and water .
love this product ,  made my bluetooth that much better !  .
i would recommend this because it worked as it said .
for the price and shipping ,  i would recommend this product .
they arrived in perfect condition and were well protected .
the keyboard is the best ever on a cell phone ,  nothing comes better than this .
bought these about num_num years ago for christmas ,  and they ve been great knives .
the plastic screws that hold the inserts are holding up fine .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
i got this because i thought that it would be a fun item to have around .
this case fits snug and makes my evo num_extend look like a new phone .
have had it about num_num months and am very satisfied .
by the time i made it to work ,  i was still sipping on it . totally recommend this product .
i have used my num_num cup bodem french press coffeemaker every day for several years and really like it .
i have not used these ,  but they seem to be pretty easy to use .
she has had it for about num_num month now and works as good as one would expect .
we have a bar type and quality old fashion single toggle osterizer mixer for num_num years .
i love it and order here again . i am glad i bought this product .
i have no complaints and i highly recommend this product .
i haven t used them yet but i know they will be fine .
i have the traditional german knives and they are really good ,  love them .
i ve had many headsets ,  and this is very close to my favorite .
this is a very nice case for the iphone num_num at a very good price .
after reading reviews ,  i ordered two of these very solid ,  hefty pans in time for our christmas gathering .
this dock works well with my droid num_extend
the best part of this product was the price .
i just know that what is inside that jar is fresh .
i have found this very useful for trips and traveling .
my husband has been searching for the  perfect  cup of coffee for several years .
overall it does a good job and cuts down on my food prep time ,  which is what i wanted .
and it really does work as well as you would expect too .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
just like the other reviews ,  i am very happy with how strong the magnet is on this holder .
this is a good idea and i hope it works .
i m very happy with this product and will come back for more .
i highly recommend the cover that goes with this pan ,  too .
there are also a couple sizes of earbuds in the package .
made to fit almost makes this worth the price .
they are even better than i had hoped for .
this product works with alkaline or rechargeable batteries .
this one is by far the most expensive but so glad that it was worth the money .
:   the thing is ,  there is nothing wrong with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
this costs a little more than most but it is better quality by far .
there s something about the ear hook s texture that is exactly what the human ear needs .
lodge is well worth the money and if cared for will last longer than i will .
i would buy this phone case again it was well worth it to me !  .
seems well built and i am looking forward to using it .
should have bought one years ago !  buy it !  well constructed ,  works very well .
at the time of writing this review the best price is on this onelasko num_num wall mount fan .
can t say enough positive things about this item .
he read about this one online and it has been a great case .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
this lid is very nice quality cast iron .
maybe i just got a strange batch . i recommend buying these filters from amazon for their great price !  .
the volume control and audio quality are adequate .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
it still works just as well as the first time we used it .
these are nicer than i thought they would be .
this is the best case i have purchased so far .
they are very handy to have and are quite the space saver because they stack .
i love this pan because it doesn t stick and that it isn t heavy to lift .
i also love the wire tie that came with .
that is the kind of customer service that makes me come back as a customer .
i have nothing but good things to say about this cleaner .
this product has been a real lifesaver for me .
battery life is good and it is easy to synch up with your phone .
customer service like this is always a plus !  .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
this product is very user friendly and great for work . i even purchased one for a friend ! thanks !  .
we like it on occasion ,  but it s more likely that we will have guests over who like it .
very easy to use ,  you really cant go wrong with this .
i purchased these and have been using them for quite some time with great success .
i had a very good experience with this cable .
i have had no issues at all with this phone and would recommend it highly .
even after months of use this thing is a really good buy .
i bought this to replace the one i had previously that looked like this and i like the style .
it s just one of those things everyone should have in their cabinet to make life easier .
i received my pan in the time they stated i would and i have been enjoying using the pan .
this is the best knife we ve ever owned .
i really like my machine ,  works like a charm ,  and saves you money by making your own at home .
compared to the higher prices of the competitors ,  i am very happy i purchased this one !  .
i love the case it looks exactly like it does in the picture .
compared to other similar products this is superior .
i received one as a gift to use with my iphone num_extend
i have a golden retriever ,  and she carries a lot of the outdoors in with her  .
i find these to be a very nicely made set .
all credit to me ,  thank you very much !  .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
we have primarily hardwood floors with several floor rugs on which it works real well .
i m very happy with it and would buy again .
i would recommend this case to anyone with a blackberry ,  just make sure it fits .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
however ,  this one is a keeper and goes with other dishes i own .
i have only used one of these so far ,  but they seem to work really well .
although it takes longer than the maximum alotted time it work fine .
much better than the old num_num sided ones .
will be buying from this seller again ! thanks ,  susan .
i had this for num_num months now and still looking good .
i got one of these as a gift about num_num years ago .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
i ordered the num_extend and the size is perfect .
these stoppers work really well for a short amount of time .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
i also really like the weight of this pen .
i love this thing  :   i have used it to turn my headphones into a bluetooth headset .
it works like new and i have had zero problems with it for this first year .
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived .
hope this helps you in trying to figure out what you want .
this is a good price for the product .
i am looking forward to using cheese and potatoes in this fun little device .
i bought this product directly from amzer and received it this week .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
and is easy to handle with the attractive plastic housing .
this is so much more powerful than the holmes .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
yes ,  i would recommend this to a friend .
i recommend getting an otterbox defender case which i have .
these films are awesome !  they do not scratch as easily .
i ll be back for more of this brand in the future .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
i like it ,  but the material it was made can bend easily .
i bought two of these  family of three  and am very happy with them .
this is a must have item ,  a carbon activation water filter .
i ordered this to protect my phone and it did the job .
krups always makes a great product and this is no exception .
definitely worth the price just to have the wall charger .
it is really a crazy time we live in when you get something like this for that price .
i ve had this grater for going on num_num years ,  and mine is still in perfect working condition .
i d say great product !   : d this does work on a num_extend num_extend as well ,  because thats what i m using .
worth the price and happy with the purchase .
i have the num_num piece set of this product  ,  its a gem .
love this little ball !  well worth the few dollars i spent on it .
this is good iphone case for iphone num_num and num_extend
this had such great reviews ,  so i got it .
it did ,  so i now have plenty !  love this item !  .
my fiance loves this product for in his work van .
i ve owned one of these for about num_num years  and it still works  .
i was hoping these would fit .  .  . and to my delight they fit perfectly .
i think they will last for a while and are a good value .
so i bought this salter and i ve found that i really like this little scale .
i bought this to replace the one i had previously that looked like this and i like the style .
it works great with my htc one with or without a case .
pretty good wood ,  i use them a couples times before throwing them away .
and the price is right !  !  the reason i did not give it num_num stars was the  thick slice  side .
this is the same bowl that comes with the kitchenaid mixer so it s a perfect fit .
i was skeptical about this grader but now that i have it and use it i am very impressed .
i love it ,  you can hardly tell the difference even with an original iphone next to it .
i think i did it right with this one .
it s a good buy ,  and the knife will probably last as long as i do .
too far ?  well ,  its really practical and i m well pleased with the purchase .
gotta love something that lasts nearly num_num years  :   .
very easy to clean with light soap water .
this product is a must if you cook at all .
this means that they re intriguing on the used market .
i m very happy with this screen protector because i really can t tell if it s on my screen or not .
great product and it fit and work well .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
that is to say that it does much better than the glass french press .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
i will be ordering these again in the new future .
i ordered this and its cheap in cost but great and does the job .
it s very affordable when compare to the original one from the wireless store .
this is perfect for going to out and you don t want to bother with a fat wallet .
i ve had the droid razr for num_num months now and have to say ,  this phone is wonderful .
my son who is much more of cook than i am loves it .
its nothing more than advertised ,  great spare charger to have around .
i am very delighted with my purchase of the fiesta num_extend
it s fast and easy and i know exactly what s going in the bowl !  .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
the rubber covered handles are great ,  because they don t slip out of your hand ,  and they don t bend either .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
what was even better it got here very fast .
it s worth it s money ,  you buy it and you won t have to buy another one ever again .
i love it !  i will repurchase this again !  .
the cheaper machine didn t work well ,  but i did learn that i enjoy making my own coffees .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
i had white with black letters and it looks fine to me .
its perfect for someone who only drinks a cup every here and there .
num_num hours later i have great creamy and thick yogurt .
despite the imperfections i would definitely recommend and purchase again .
battery life is excellent ,  lasting more than a year .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
good replacement for they one that got thrown away .
shipper is on point with the delivery time and i was not disappointed with the quality .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
i ended up buying another i liked the brush so well .
they also do a good job while on the phone .
anker makes great products ,  so i would definitely recommend trying out their products !  .
the glass cup is easy to clean ,  great for measuring and then reusing again shortly thereafter .
this product is pretty good and i like the fabric on the board .
nice that it comes with a car power adapter .
this is a good product and oxo has done well by me over the years .
i bought these just to have on hand .
i like that it is cordless ,  hence portable ,  and the charge does last a long time .
the quality is better with this one compared to the multi colored pieces i had purchased .
i really like it and it keep charging for at least num_num days .
these were perfect for the short jars i purchased on amazon .
the case was on time and fits very well to my phone .
this product is great and comes at a low price too .
i have tried countless screen protectors and these by far have impressed me the most .
this three speed box fan by lasko is exactly the way it is advertised here .
they seem to be well made and i suspect that they last a long time .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
i make a smoothie every morning for breakfast .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
this product does everything that it says it will .
the first one is still going strong ,  in constant use since num_extend
these are great for parties or bbq s or just for having around the house . makes eating fun .
over time things may change ,  but as of now i would recommend this product .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
lodge is well worth the money and if cared for will last longer than i will .
follow the instructions carefully ,  and you ll be amazed with the results .
my num_num year old son installed these ,  very easy to do .
this case was easy to put on the phone and fits well .
i haven t used them yet but really looking forward to the experience .
i love the design ,  and that gets it num_num stars .
i was skeptical of the suction cups but i have to admit ,  they hold up very well .
i loved this product  i ve upgraded to an num_extend so i can no longer use it  .
this would make a great gift for anyone num_extend
i like the fact that the case comes with a screen protecter .
have not tried them yet ,  but look and fit well .
you ll find yourself reaching for it much more than you ever could imagine .
they are very easy to clean as well ,  everything comes right off .
i think this is one of those products everyone should have .
came to late for the holidays but it looks like it will work great ,  good quality also .
i would recommend the other device over this one for ease of use .
i have used it for making soup and stir fry several times and it still looks new .
my personal experience with this machine has been generally positive .
the bonus was that i could hear him loud and clear as well .
they do come out with a nice crisp crust .
it works great num_num feet away from the phone and it charges in about num_num mins .
it does indeed work without being razor sharp .
thanks amazon for listing this product on your website !  .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
it s one of the tools i pack when we vacation in a place that comes with a kitchen .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
i love the design ,  and that gets it num_num stars .
i recommend this product to anyone looking for a good processor .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
if you want a nice little egg cooker ,  i really suggest investing in this fine product .
pretty good wood ,  i use them a couples times before throwing them away .
this charger works great with any phone that uses micro usb port .
it seems like it s made of really good plastic .
the soft rubber sides are comfortable to hold and offer resistance to sliding .
i would buy it again ,  it was worth the money .
this product deserves many more stars than num_extend
goes from darker to lighter as it rides up the pot . actually very pretty and professional looking .
i know kitchenaid has good customer service and so that s what finally sold me on this model .
you can see what is inside and how much !  old time fun again .
would have given num_num standard but the description is not correct but the product works wonderfully .
you won t be disappointed with the quality ,  power or its sleek look .
nothing sticks to it which makes it very easy to clean .
a good amount comes out with each shake ,  and they seem as if they will last quite awhile .
mom got it today and made toast right away .
i ve always liked this case on the white iphone ,  so when i got it .
i will purchase a entire set next time !  !   if the price is right !  !   .
it takes longer to knead than my ctc too . but .  .  . it makes the best pasta i have ever tried .
well worth the money . i got it in num_num days even using the super saver shipping .
i think this is well worth the money .
this was a great find !  good price ,  nice product .
a good product that fits well and does what it is supposed to do .  .  .  . well made ,  buy this with confidence .
this one was just the right size for that purpose .
i have a black iphone num_extend so this case accents it very well .
they look like they will hold up well .
this popper does everything i hoped it would do .
these pans are well made ,  are quite strong and light weight .
they fit just like the oem ,  they come with a charger .
they are awesome i would really get these i ve only used one and love them .
have always wanted one of this since i m a kid .
i swear buy these ,  and will definitely be buying more in the future .
has been working great for about six months .
the sound quality in the earbuds is good and the microphone is pretty good as well .
this product made a perfect gift for my mother .
i purchased this great knife for one of my grocery store customers .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
these were a great price and well worth my time and money !  .
i buy value packs of generic water filters and they work well in this model .
for how i use this ,  i think it works great and would recommend it to anyone .
that is how much i love this product .
the sound quality is good to very good .
i really like it because you can cook and store with this set .
excellent value from amazon and free shipping with prime .
there is no question that this is a wonderful canner .
like the features that you can cook different items on each side .
i will be buying this again for her .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
bought this kitchen aid in num_num and it is still going strong !  use it very frequently .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
i have purchased several different brands of stylus and this brand is good .
about num_num years ago for a dusty area and have been happy with it .
i love it that i don t have to worry about scratching the phone up ,  also .
i just threw a soft taco party this month and had great success with my villaware .
after reading some reviews ,  i was actually surprised to find out how quiet it is .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
definitely a good buy before you break your screen .
these are my favorite spatula set that i bought from amazon .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
it is the best peeler i have used and it does the job really well .
this product deserves many more stars than num_extend
also ,  the holster secures the phone very well .
they look nice ,  and are more than sturdy enough to hold the stuff i put in and on them .
i love this product ,  it works like a dream .
seems like a great screen protector so far .
can t tell you how many people comment and compliment on this thing !  !  !  .
for the vast majority of people ,  this is a good budget earphone . this product was provided for review by gateshop .
i m very happy with the purchase of this item .
received this from the wok shop with super fast shipping .
doesn t hold too much but i needed it for a few items so it was perfect for my needs .
having the earpiece inside my ear helped me to hear a caller s voice much more clearly than ever before .
i like this well enough that i will be putting the superstone bread dome on my christmas list !  !  .
you will find that you will have rice more often .
night shot is even better than my num_num mega pixels canon num_extend dslr .
the first time i used this i loved it .
controls are easy to use and can be adjusted without having to remove the headphones from your head .
thirdly the time it took to get here was amazing ,  i would buy this product again  !  .
this coffeemaker brews a good cup of coffee ,  and doesn t take up a lot of counter space .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
i prefer to use the healthy extra virgin olive oil .
i make a lot of smoothies and shakes and this is great for that .
i haven t used it yet but ,  since it s wilton ,  i trust it will be perfect for my baking needs .
i definitely notice a difference when its time to be replaced .
honestly ,  this thing is so cute and small .
dropped the phone once and it does its job ,  good case .
i love this product because it s very easy to use and the price was great .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
but even with that i am happy with them .
it looks and feels like a quality product .
granted ,  you pay a bit more for ateco but it is a much better product .
i have found that the copper core and num_extend both heat faster and more evenly .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
i probably should have ordered the taller one ,  but it squite heavy and very well built .  .  . will last forever !  .
if not then go with num_num it s still a good phone and will do the task .
and that s a name that stands for quality .
the fact that they re made in america was icing on the cake !  great product .
i am % satisfied and would recommend this to anyone ,  especially anyine who is hard on phones .
used this for the first time this morning and it worked well .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
i m about to order another set of these because they re so great .
this is a perfect can opener for anyone with arthritis ,  too .
this one caught my eye because it s different than the other ones found in various stores .
i luv this item and also love to bake cakes and breads .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i purchased this item several years ago ,  and it is still going strong .
i just like the stainless look and i like the shape and feel of these best .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
i replaced this over num_num months ago and it has been working well since .
i have had no problems and this works well for what i need .  .  . i would buy again .
this is a better size than the normal num_num cup pot .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
this is a very well made quality product .
i just love these things !  i have had this set for about num_num years and not one has broken .
i have owned several grinders and this is by far my favorite .
but other than that it s a great deal .
overall i really like this one and have been using it ever since it arrived .
nice to have to help organizing small stuff on bathroom counter .
all in all i am very satisfied with the performance .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
very simple to fix flaw in otherwise great product .
it s nice to have something so small and integrated actually work so well .
this corer lives up to the excellent reputation oxo has established with it s line of kitchen products .
we have had this can opener for at least num_num years ,  and it still works perfectly .
i bought them from amazon as the seller so i think they are real .
these fill the jars very well and wash well .
android is great operating system and samsung makes the best out of it .
there s also a voice guided pairing which is very helpful .
nothing bad about the product ,  worth the money .
i have used this case for over num_num months now and really like it .
i also use it to make tea since it keeps things hot for a long time .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i have owned many can openers and this one is by far the beat .
it does have some issues that are easy to fix .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
i love the finish on this pan and the way it is made i know it will last .
we have cooked many different items in this rotisserie ,  and have had great results each time .
this filter came free with my new mr .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
so this set is just right for me .
these bags worked as well as any others that i have purchased in the grocery store .
i have used several times already and i am very pleased .
i recommend this item especially if you have a small kitchen as i do .
i give this a five star because of the great value for the low price of $
just the right color and style that i wanted .
i just got this a week ago and have already put it to good use .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
they usually last for about num_num years so it is a great value .
this is one of the best purchases i ve made through amazon .
i also like that this one comes with num_num stoppers .
they clip together on a sturdy ring and are easy to keep track of . you can t go wrong with these .
if you know how to put screen protectors on a phone ,  then these are perfect .
as with every oxo product i have purchased ,  these measuring spoons are excellent .
you will most likely keep it at full volume .
this has got to be one of the best screen protectors i have ever gotten .
assembly is easy and the instructions are adequate with good pictures .
this is much more than a fondue pot .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
this is an awesome tool in my kitchen i own num_num of them and they work great .
i bought this to replace the one i had previously that looked like this and i like the style .
like most oxo products ,  it is really comfortable to hold .
you really feel like it is disinfecting and the porcelain just shines .
they provided good coverage for my phone ,  and no whines there .
it was just not comfortable ,  but with these all is great now .
we have num_num other fairly expensive sets $ + per set  ,  but i like this one equally .
i could have spent a lot more but this is perfect for my needs .
however ,  for the price ,  this was worth purchasing again !  .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
she loved it she had never even seen something like that .
i have never had a salad spinner before so this is thrilling .
they are better than the more expensive protectors that i ve used in the past .
even if it isn t always this good ,  it s definitely better than before .
the seller is very kind i would buy from them again .
i definitely recommend this product ,  since it will eventually pay for itself !  .
i donated it to a thrift store and am so happy with this easy to use maker .
what can you say about measuring cups ?  well ,  this set is well built and seems sturdy .
definitely recommend getting one if you have ea hot room and want to cool it down at night .
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
like most good things in life ,  you get what you pay for .  .  . this is expensive and worth it !  .
they are so net and i love the size of them ,  they are just net to have on display .
it comes with so many attachments which is great .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
do not be afraid to spend the extra money for them .  .  . they are well worth it !  .
i like how the color of the light lets you know when the battery is charged .
this is my first time to own a mandolin and this one works very well .
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
ias long as you are aware of this ,  i would definitely recommend this product .
looking forward to making soups with this too .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
was a bit smaller than i expected ,  but still does the job .
i love this coffee maker !  i have used these for the last several years .
this thing is over two years old and it is still just like the day i bought it .
i have num_num of these bookcases ,  and i m very happy with this .
there s something about the ear hook s texture that is exactly what the human ear needs .
much better r than some of my more expensive knives .
sized ball jars with the plastic tops that are available ,  it s very convenient .
fiesta is a great product ,  so i will give it num_num stars .
very comfortable in the hands but it gets tiring after a while .
this is very sturdy and no longer have that problem .
the first time i used the oxo ricer ,  the potatoes came out creamy and delicious .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
i have been able to reuse them multiple times if i m careful .
this appears to be of a good quality stainless steel .
makes me feel like i have a new phone every time i switch .
he gave it such good reviews that my husband bought one ,  too .
i read all the can opener reviews and bought this one .
i trust they will make it right if you don t get what you want .
i love everything about them other than they re fairly heavy ,  but they re big ,  too ,  and sturdy .
i have purchased num_num of these and recommended them to num_num other family members .
i was so glad that i bought this fan ,  works great and is nice and quiet .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
i am totally satisfied with this knife and recommend it highly .
this product fulfills one need and does it really well .
it took awhile to get them ,  but at this price it was worth it .
i have a fairly large head ,  but these headphones are comfortable .
i found this product to be a great value and the service was great with this vendor .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i used it the first time and fell in love .
very well made product that will last for years .
this was the best price around the one we had was over num_num years old .
this case is not bulky at all ,  and it fits perfectly over my phone .
i love this bowl i have four of them and am thinking of getting more .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
it s worth the price ,  i suggest buying a lot and since they are so cheap .
i ve had this battery for about num_num weeks now ,  and so far ,  it is superior to the oem battery .
i believe that you will like this product .
very well made product as is the pot rack i purchased from the same company .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
i would have liked it deeper but worth the money any way .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
this one has an intelligent design that puts it way above other travel mugs i have tried .
it works very well with my samsung num_extend and with my laptop too !  i recommend this product .
these make it easy for one person to make all the pasta they d ever want .  .  .  . all by themselves .
does a good job with the exception of pet hair .
i bought these for drinks and they work perfectly .
so i thought this would help me and him .
i recommend these and would buy more .  .  .  . i think i will buy more !  .
the magnets are strong and keep fro flap closed .
i like these a lot better than tupperware because they feel more substantial and cost a lot less overall .
what a good idea ,  and they store so easily .
this case is great it is very easy to install and stays on my phone perfectly .
i have tried other steam cleaners and this is really the best one i have ever use .
despite the  quirks  ,  i would still recommend this product .
the accessories that come with it are great .
the battery life between recharges is estimated at around num_num hours and so far that is very accurate .
i bought these because they are so pretty .
this will sure help to keep it clean .
i have not heard anything wrong with it so i think it works just fine .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
they have the metal accents as well which makes them look good .
i bought this breadmaker since it seemed to have the most good reviews ,  and i have not been disappointed .
it s even smaller than the num_extend fits just as nicely in your ear ,  is easy to pair and use .
i ve been using this product for over a year with consistant ,  excellent results .
definitely recommend this to anyone looking to replace their can opener .
love this knife ,  makes slicing my homemade bread so much easier .
i ve had two of these for about three months and they are still like new ,  with daily use .
i ve been using this product as directed and it has kept my cutting board like new .
there is a huge difference between these knives and it s a difference you can actually feel .
even if it was six months ago . this thing is really easy .
bought this yogurt maker based on price and reviews and i was not disappointed .
i think it will last a long time ,  but an extra belt comes with the unit .
these are great jars ,  they look great and they were a really great price .
i gave num_num stars because it is metal and cuts easy and easy to use as well .
they have excellent customer service if there is a problem .
i like that there were both front and back pieces ,  they fit well .
my husband and i drink a lot of tea and they work great for that .
this container has a good seal and i would purchase again .
i have an iphone num_num and love this product .
this headset is awesome best i ve had ,  will purchase another for my wife soon .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
this product accomplishes the task beautifully !  the screens are easy to install and fit perfectly on my iphone num_extend
i would highly recommend this product based on using it around num_num hours in the past num_num days .
i like having everything i need to get something done included with a product .
i just purchased this timer a few days ago and i love it .
as others have mentioned ,  this bodum press is very elegantly crafted .
seriously ,  this one is made very ,  very well .
well what can you say about vacuum bags ?  they fit my dirt devil feather lite just fine !  .
i have had it about num_num months and it works great .
as of the writing of this review ,  the product has worked perfectly .
very nice !  i don t think anyone would be unhappy with this machine at all .
calphalon has a track record of excellence in their products and this pan is no exception .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
if you have the hd or lower ,  i d definitely recommend this cover !  .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
this case solves that problem inexpensively ,  and without adding a lot of bulk .
as others have stated ,  this little gem works .
but this ond had thd best ratings from the customers so i bought it .
much better price than from the local hardware store .
after that they worked great and lasted a year before i got a new phone .
overall ,  very happy with the quality and value of the set .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i have never had a problem with this smaller one in my toaster oven .  .  . fit is perfect .
we both love it !  i really didn t know what to expect ,  but it s great .
ever since i bought this headset i have become a fan of it .
i really like that i dont have to refill as often as the other ones .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
there s not much protection to this case ,  but it looks good .
this is a great product and they are the best that i have used so far .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
seen some at ross s and they have ones made in china .
oxo is a name that i equate with good products and i wasn t disappointed with this scraper at all .
i have had them for a year and still love the look and haven t had one problem with them .
i have had and used all of this flatware for over a year and they still shine .
num_num more words required for this really good review .
they re a bit heavy ,  but this is one thing i like about them .
very happy with these cases on our iphone num_extend
you will get nice evenly sliced pieces with this product .
this product does what it is suppose to !  i recommend this product .
she loved it she had never even seen something like that .
these are definitely quality and meant to last .
searched all the stores ,  including walmart and couldn t find anything ,  thanks for a great product .
larger than i expected and happy with that .
i was thrilled with this fan and bought a second one for my office .
it is very obvious from my review title that i like this product .
still going strong and it s almost num_num years later .
this should last me a lifetime with the durable quality that it has .
this is literally the best chef knife i have ever used .
purchased this cake lifter in conjunction with buying the breville smart oven .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
think they should have never abandoned this type ,  love this unit .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
this is the quality i expect from this german company .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
i would recommend this for people any day .
if you have kids ,  you know why that s a good thing .
this case easily accommodated the switcheasy case and also works well without a case on the phone .
i love this case fit a iphone num_num good .
years ago when microwaving was new i had something like this and it worked well .
another good thing about this pan ,  as with all calphalon sold on amazon ,  it is an amazing price .
but i still have them and they have held up well over the last num_num years .
this bread maker is incredibly easy to use .
i am very happy with the quality of this product .
krups has a good reputation ,  so i got this unit to have fresh ground coffee at work .
i even use it when taking a shower because that is how much i trust this case .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
these are very well made and look like they will last for many years .
both arrived well packed and razor sharp within about num_num days .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
it s a nice little fan but i think i should have gotten a more powerful one .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
glad i picked this one up !  would buy from this seller again without hesitation .
i am very pleased with this purchase and anticipate that it will last a very long time .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
i have never used a rice cooker before and this one is pretty easy .
i really like this cup and use it several times a day .
i was surprised by how quiet it was after reading reviews .
hard to explain but it just feels like quality .
i like this cookie press much better than the metal one .
tried these out and found i now use them all the time .
it fit well and i didn t have any issues with it .
i would definitely order from this company again .
im going to have to buy more of these ,  they hold up well , i am happy with them .
this just like the one my mom had and it really does a nice job of making waffles .
i also loved the fact that i could pipe music through my stereo from my phone .
others have already said tons of good things about this .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i would recommend this charger for the samsung galaxy num_extend
the product arrived on time even though i moved to a different location .
we wish the timer lasted longer though ,  but overall we like this attractive product with its unique design .
they came just like they said they would and in great shape .
it feels substantial and i hope it lasts ,  time will tell .
since i bought this blender ,  i found that i use blender much more often .
they zip on the side so it s easy to place clothes in and remove them .
so far in just a few days i like this protector and am happy with it .
months later its still like brand new and the lid too .
i will keep buying more of this brand .
this cute little headset works with the iphone num_extend
very happy with my purchase and highly recommend this product to others .
i know a lot of people are complaining about this set ,  but i actually like it .
the only thing i wish i had done was buy a smaller one but it does its job .
i would recommend this case for iphone users who wish to take good care of their phones .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
now with this camoed cover i will have something to pass the time .
i purchased this food processor about num_num months ago and i m still loving it .
i bought this after looking at most the other comments .
i have owned num_num in the last ten years and bought num_num as gifts the recipients loved them .
this ice cream maker works just like it is supposed to .
would certainly buy this product again in the future .
i can t recommend these enough ,  especially at the price sold here .
love these !  they are absolutely beautiful in my kitchen .
i have the num_num quart version and it works perfectly for my needs .
it also works in a pantech phone that we have .
not to happy about that but it s too late i really love this phone .
would buy this product again ,  especially in the other colors !  .
i fall in love with this case when i got it !  it s super pretty and nice .
i gave this product num_num stars because it is the best i have found .
i m very happy with this case and would recommend it to anyone .
someone knew what they were doing when they designed this one !  .
i love it that i can still charge my phone with the cover on .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
i took several photos and am very happy with the quality of both cameras .
i read the reviews on this one ,  purchased it and have liked it a lot .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
fagor makes fine pressure cookers ,  and this is no exception .
bought this case ,  great case does what it is supposed to do ,  fits very well .
i ve been using these for about num_num months now and they work great .
what i like the most about this ,  is that it is easy to read .
i ve had it for over num_num months and it looks new even with lots of use .
after reading many reviews i selected this tea maker and have enjoyed that decision ever since .
i love that you can also turn the battery charger on and off by holding down the charge button .
when they are available from amazon with free shipping i always stock up .
best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time .
this pan ,  like all the cuisinart pans ,  is my favorite to use when i need a num_extend skillet .
after reading all the helpful reviews i made the leap and bought this one .
feels like it is a solid ,  quality item ,  not cheap .
this product is worth those extra num_num bucks .
this screen is even more clear that any other out there .
i got these because the price was nice and they looked like they would be ok .
for less than $ this is a steal .
it does a fine job and is holding up very well .
i have found this to be well worth what i paid .
it is doing the job much better than i thought it would .
this case has more than paid for its self .
they took a little while to get here ,  but for the price ,  it was a great deal .
it also does its main job ,  grinding ,  very well .
i was not sure what this one would be like ,  but i m delighted with it .
some stencils seem to work better than others .
this was worth what i paid for it .
i purchased this plantronics savi num_num wireless headset and am very pleased .
whoever thought of this did a fine job .
all in all ,  i am happy with this product .
they look like china and make a very nice table setting .
great price and deal !  would buy from this seller again .
the fact that they are six smaller stones makes them easy to store in my smaller kitchen .
still in great working shape after over num_num years .
i like the natural brand ,  and would let everyone know about them .
i have had the coffee maker for about num_num weeks and am very pleased with it .
i have had no problems with it and it works great .
i was pleasantly surprised when i received this kitchenaid ladle .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
these are very comfortable to wear in a gym or walking situation .
we really like this microwave but more we like how easy it was to get it from amazon .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
i just got it and i really like this kettle .
we really like this style bottle opener ,  especially for beer .
i just knew i would like this and i love it .
this being my first otterbox ,  of course .  would highly recommend this product to anyone .
i decided to purchase this one and am very happy with it .
if you love to enjoy your great coffee ,  this purchase is a real  no brainer  !  .
worth buying to have as an emergency backup .
they are extremely durable ,  even if they don t feel like they are .
no more knuckles getting caught up on a cheese grater !  this product is amazing .
although it is loud ,  even at the lowest speed ,  it works great .
i am happy with the purchase and would recommend these headphones .
i have had a lot of different bluetooth headphones !  this beats them all .
i have been using my set of num_num years ,  and it still looks great .
at this point ,  i can highly recommend this product .
recommend as a cheap and good quality product .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
i bought this for my my wife s iphone num_num and fits ok and very sturdy .
it is portable enough to fit in your pocket or around your neck .
i then bought another one just because they are that good .
great bluetooth works wonderful on droid razr and iphone num_extend
it is a much better fit than the case mate pop i previously owned .
that s because this tool can actually grab and pick up food .
this is far the best coffeemaker i have ever owned and used .
i got this one for him based on the very helpful amazon reviews .
i ve been using it now for about num_num months and for the most part i m satisfied .
this grinder works like it s supposed to and seems well made .
these are very comfortable and the sound quality is great .
looks like they know what they are doing .
this is by far the best designed and built case i have ever owned for a phone .
like other reviewers ,  i am impressed with this bumper for the price .
get this on sale and you can come close in price with the hunter .
my wife and i got married about a year and a half ago .
as long as these pans are greased well before using they are simply wonderful .
from a call perspective ,  it s about the same ,  but as a stereo headset ,  it s so much better .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
we ve had two farberware pot sets over our num_extend years of marriage and they have been excellent .
i have had this for almost a year now and have used itmany times with great result .
this air purifier seems to work well ,  but it is indeed loud even on the lowest setting .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
this is one of the best cases i have used on my verizon iphone num_extend
definitely would recommend this item to my friends .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
all in all ,  a good screen protector for the iphone num_extend
the first one only lasted num_num years !  powerful pressure ,  makes food taste great .
it appears that this is a very good battery after all .
that being said ,  this charger is proving its worth every trip i take .
we found it took about num_num minutes on full power to cook to perfection .
looking for more wmf products because i like the quality of this one so much .
other than that its a hit with my co workers and so very simple to make .
i ve only used it num_num times and it performs very well .
it s actually a lot of fun using this scrub board and i wonder why women stopped using them .
initially thought it would be too big but after several uses i realized it is really perfect .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i mixed up and made three waffles within num_num minutes and each one turned out great .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
build quality is high; it feels like a solid object .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
they zip on the side so it s easy to place clothes in and remove them .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
i can t say enough good things about this norpro stainless steel colander .
i also like the stainless steel because i think it is more sanitary .
the first time i used this i loved it .
this phone is so sweet ,  way better than apple nazi s num_extend iphone with num_extend junk apps .
also proved good on the area rugs . i am happy with this product .
but it will always work after putting them together .
very pleased to find this after several months of looking .
as many other reviewers have said ,  these are nice solid mugs that are almost perfect .
regardless ,  this is a great cast iron piece to start with and you can t beat the price !  .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
i ve used my hamilton beach eclectic stand mixer for three weeks now and so far so good .
they are a turkish company that makes fine leather cases .
fits the samsung galaxy s num_num for sprint perfectly .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
then i found something that i though nobody would beat .
i ve been using it for a couple of months now and it s worked out great .
for what i paid for this product ,  even if it lasted a few weeks ,  it was worth it .
as the other reviewers have said this thing does do a great job making hot coco .
i don t have any complains with this product ,  highly recommended .
well your found the right product ,  with this lid and spoon rest .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
this is good when you want to wash your feet or you can use it for anything .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
it s also comfortable to know that this canner is useful canning meat .
it was very well designed and works well with my iphone num_extend
among all the cookware that i have bought this is probably the best purchase i have ever made .
i have to say that i am very impressed with this case .
i never thought it would make that much of a difference but it does .
hence num_num stars vice num_extend i am extremely satisfied with my boos .
i love this coffee maker !  i have used these for the last several years .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
it was in tact and perfect .  .  . i m definitely ordering from them again .
the price is wellworth it and is less expensive than other sites .
this is without a doubt the best waffle maker out there .
i like them more than my messermeister s ,  they are larger and have more mechanical advantage when cutting bone .
i love that it protects my pages from splatters when cooking and is easily readable .
i highly recommend this product if you are going to use it num_extend per week or less .
you can spend a lot more money on other coffee makers ,  but this one is the best !  .
i will be using this in our rv and it is exactly what i needed .
we use this item fairly often and it has held up well for many years .
overall i m happy with this and would buy it again .
this case will protect your phone from any drop and the colors are cute .
i haven t had any problems with it and would definitely recommend this model to other people .
this gel case was exactly what i wanted .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
this is the best grater i have ever used ,  and i have been through quite a few .
i would recommend this product to anyone who is thinking about buying it .
plus ,  this device looks nice and lights up blue when plugged in .
i will probably have this one the rest of my life because it is so well made .
this is just right for my silver ware .
i am giving this pan four stars because i love the mold shape and size .
the more quiet your car is ,  the better this product will work for you .
much better than the ones that came with the bb .
i used the other reviewers idea with the binder clips and it went perfectly .
this is a must have product for any serious cookie maker .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
once you find something you like stick with it .
very light weight and does the job for a good price .
num_num stars because i can t do half stars and it really is a pretty good phone overall .
i wish i could shrink it back ,  it s so cute !  .
i give these spatulas to all the cooks i know ,  and they all love them too .
the fact of the matter is ,  this oxo mini chopper works perfectly for cannabis .
if you have a great quality tablet this will work .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
it s a regular cable that allows you to connect to your smart phone .
you get what you pay for and these beautiful and professional knives are worth their weight in gold !  .
i am sure we will purchase these screen protectors again .
hopefully the above trick will make this last much longer .
best of all ,  i have no problems with sticking .
however ,  this unit is good for grinding large quantities of material .
i used the otterbox defender for my iphone num_extend and loved it .
this had such great reviews ,  so i got it .
it is very easy to hold ,  and does not slide around .
happy with the product and would recommend this to others to purchase .
you will need some very hot water and a brush of some sort to really clean it well .
this product is holding up like you wouldn t believe .
although it feels cheap when you examine it ,  all mine have been reliable ,  dependable and they consistently work .
normally i have to cook his and then mine ,  so this lets us eat together .
i suspect these will last a long time since they re so well made .
i would recommend this item to anyone who is really interested .
i liked the set so much that i bought a second one during a after turkey day sale .
i am also very pleased at how easy it is to clean .
they came just like they said they would and in great shape .
the gold chain is my favorite part of the case ,  it s just too cute .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i think it will last us quite a while .
i purchased this item a while back ,  but i remember that it was great item .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
they seem steady enough to hold any regular style pants or jeans .
i used this for several years ,  and it is fine for what it is .
there is something about glass that is simply cleaner .
i ve been using the brewmaster for about num_num months now and i love it .
this was worth what i paid for it .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
this is so easy to use and clean up that i should have bought one a long time ago .
the beauty of cast iron is that it can be used on the stovetop and the oven .
this is my third one and will continue to be my first choice .
i m sure these new ones will last us many years as well .
this is by far ,  the best case i have ever had .
i have bought many cases and i enjoy using this case as one my changes .
this product is great ,  it arrived on time ,  and it fits like a glove on my phone .
seems to make things go much more quickly and with a lot more enjoyment .
i have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit .
i have not experienced this issue and pictures turn out just great .
the color is a perfect match to the picture .
these have been great !  nice and thick ,  they don t feel cheap and have held up perfectly .
i have had mine for about num_num years and love it .
not only is it just like new still ,  but i still love it .
it keeps the beverages hot more than num_num hour .
i have never made pizzelle cookies before ,  but this was really fun .
plus with all the different flavors and crazy recipes ,  you have plenty to choose from .
this cake pan is the best one i ve ever owned .
have used it probably num_num times so far and love it .
would recommend this type of case for any phone .
turns out it was the best thing i have bought for beads .
i really like this grill and look forward to using it to cook other items besides steak .
i am so glad i bought this and i should probably buy one for each car i have !  .
it s a great cleaner ,  and i would recommend this item .
good size ,  accommodates both tall and short spice bottles .
and i can really tell the difference between it and the calphalon  commercial  line .
i ve used them many times and they re great !  .
came home and checked amazon and there they were !  !  !  !  he is very happy with them .
one nice thing about this thing is that it is super easy to clean .
bought this yogurt maker based on price and reviews and i was not disappointed .
this is going to be the best cookie jar ever .
i have read other reviews that stated the pivoting arm loosened and broke ,  but mine is still sturdy .
we found this bag and it looked like just what we needed .
i have purchased this product twice and both times i have been very satisfied .
these are the best quality pans that i ve seen .
its num_num months later and she still loves them and thanks me often for them .
purchased this product to give to the lady who does my nails .
ordered this for my daughters iphone num_num and it fit perfectly on it .
this product is great .  .  . and i now have num_num of them .
i have bought these protectors before and they do a really nice job .
for what it is ,  this product is great .
these two charge cords work great and fit through all my case openings .
i also love that it doesn t have holes on the sides .
so far we are very happy with this product .
it s a nice case with several design options .
bought this as a gift along with num_num matching scoops .
haven t used this product yet but i do love the design and construction .
i recently purchased this food chopper ,  and i just love this thing .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
will fit in carrying case with this cover .
the sound is great and they stay in your ears with out falling out .
bought this to fit over my cuisinart num_extend pan and it fit perfectly .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
plus sprint sells this exact case for $ this helps .  .  . peace !  .
this case looks just like the picture and is very pretty .
i have used this roaster several times and it works time after time .
i am really impressed with how well this product worked .
there are so many reasons i love this cooker .
i bought these to go on a teapot that has since broken ,  but it worked well .
i don t know what people are expecting as far as sturdiness but these are nicely made and plenty sturdy .
for the price this item is going for you get a nice silicone case that protects your num_extend gen .
as someone else said ,  a gladd lid would have been great but otherwise it s perfect .
buy this product and experience more positive results in you kitchen .
these are made really well and work perfect for what i am using them for .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i love this case for the iphone num_extend
i use this in conjunction with my porcelain enameled cast iron cookware and it works very well .
it was easy to install ,  especially with tips from other people who purchased the bar .
it also has a place to hang it from a lanyard ,  too .
i m impressed with the sturdiness of this product .
there isn t much to say about these :  they work great .
the ratcheting mechanism and foam that grips the phone are holding up well after a few months .
i have had a spinner before ,  but with a crank ,  but this is so much better .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
i do recommend this product and the seller for prompt delivery .
now why can t everything be made this good ?  opens cans and lasts and lasts .
this product got me out of a bind more than once .
this is one of the wisest purchases i ve ever made .
changes to a funky blue when fully charged .
it doesn t look like much but works perfect .
i had high expectations for a $ peeler and this one is definitely worth it .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
the cleaning head has a much more open design ,  and has easy access for cleaning it out .
if you re a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product .
this this is solid and really well num_extend
sound quality is good with simple voice narration from an audio book .
i do believe this is a handmade case .
since then ,  after getting my money back i bought one of these babies and it is still going strong .
i love the calphalon commercial line of cookware .
my mom has one of these that she got for her wedding about num_num years ago .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
i have used this vegetable brush for just over a year ,  and it still looks brand new .
great cable for a great price and really good quality .
the other brands have one that fits in the water reservoir .
i generally like oxo good grips products and this is no exception .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
they were very easy for me to find while i was running once i got use to them .
i love this phone an absolutely recommend it .
these were a new thing for my ears and now i can say that they are pretty comfy .
with care it should last long enough for me to feel i got my moneys worth .
another thing i love about it is that it s easy to clean and maintain looking good .
still in great working shape after over num_num years .
the sound quality is much better than any other bluetooth i have ever purchased .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
so far that s been true . i really like this thermometer .
i ve also dropped my phone a couple times and the bumper did its job .
works just as good as the one that came with my phone .
cuts down on screen brightness a little ,  but overall a good item and worth the money .
can t say enough good things about this machine .
the super sharp stainless steel blade makes an easy job of peeling carrots and potatoes .
have used this for num_num years and it s still going strong .
purchased this as a christmas gift for my daughters boyfriend .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
this goes well with the ipad and the app i needed it for .
this is the best stick sweeper i have ever owned and i have been married num_num years .
after having used it several times i am very happy with my purchase .
i really think oxo fit the nail on the head with this one .
that means they help you make round muffins .
would recommend this product to anyone looking for something similar .
this product is just fine and i have no problem with it and it fits the phone just fine .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
other than that is very good quality and overall i like it .
hopefully the new one i m ordering today will last just as long !  .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
so far ,  the suction cup seems to work very well .
the price here beats even costco ,  since theirs is only an num_num piece set .
this is a great jug and just what i needed .
still going strong and it s almost num_num years later .
this is the best cooling rack i have ever seen .
i ve never owned a carpet cleaner before ,  but this thing is top notch .
i used it several times and each time loved it more .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this product .
well i m glad i ordered it because it is so much better made that that old one .
they go through them so fast because of how often they use them but they love them .
got this in the mail ,  took it out to the car right away to test it .
i received the headphones and have been really impresses with the quality of the sound and how they look .
the quality of these little bottles seems great .
marinade is key with this ,  it will sear in the flavor as it gets quite hot .
for the price it s an excellent unit and worthy of its num_num star rating .
work as good as the one that came with my phone .
they have been a staple in our household .
these worked great for me ,  and i would purchase again .
but this one is great and i would recommend it .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
i can really tell a difference with the oreck !  .
i must admit this is a good product .
all good things about this item have already been said .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it is awesome not to have to boil water and wait what seems like forever .
this is the best price i could find on this product .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
the other corelle materials i have are still in great shape after num_num years of use .
i have purchased num_num of these and recommended them to num_num other family members .
i bought this as a goldbox value and i have not been disappointed .
i ve been using this for a long time and it always work .
i think this is well worth the money .
you do have the option to upgrade to a custom fit earmold directly from the manufacturer .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
it has all the presence of something that will last a long time even with lots of use .
the plastic cup with lid that came with it was an added bonus .
the buttons are very clear and make sense .
a good cook will always use an oven thermometer ,  so this should eliminate potential problems .
i used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part .
i really like how this type of pan cooks .
i bought this case num_num months ago ,  and still in good condition .
i bought this because it matched the three piece set that i also bought .
definitely a good product ,  though the release mechanism had a few issues when trying to remove my phone .
this one is very sturdy and well made .
i know plenty of people just use their hands ,  but i m a fan of consistency .
but in fact the top is a number of separate pieces that snap together .
i m sure you ll find even more uses for these wonderful shears once you have them in your hands .
the nordic ware stackable cooling racks was a perfect solution .
this cute little skillet would be perfect for that also . did i mention that it is cute ?   :   .
it is designed to keep your phone free of scratches and very fashionable .
we have had no problems with the juicer at all ,  it operates extremely well time after time .
have only used it once but it minces very well .
absolutely fantastic for frying eggs; nothing sticks and this will redefine the taste of your food .
it s a great buy ,  especially considering the price .
this is one of the wisest purchases i ve ever made .
it makes the jam look so much nicer ,  more like a gift .
i was surprised at the high quality of this item .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
i love these so much ,  i ordered these for my new iphone num_extend
i hope this review is helpful in deciding if this product will be right for your needs .
i love this machine ,  and even though the one dispenser switch doesn t work ,  it does a great job .
would order again and will suggest to friends for purchase .
i gave this as a gift and they really like this screen protector .
it s a cute little thing ,  very high speed .
these are the only frosting bags i will purchase ,  i love them .
i was surprised that making popcorn this way tasted so good .
like what previous reviewers said ,  this product is really fantastic .
this by far the best i have owned and this is num_extend
it was much better quality than i thought it would be ,  and was not disappointed at all .
i picked this product to have a extra cord with me either at work or in the car .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
this is a very good storage solution for summer shoes that seem to be less bulky .
you will surely be happy should you choose to purchase this item .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone .
i ve had one of these for about num_num years and it still works great .
my other one is num_num years old and still working great ,  so i bought this one for my son .
til then num_num stars very well describes the quality and worth of this product .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
great phone case i used this case for about num_num years .
so much that i ordered three of them .
the quality is exactly what you expect from henckels .
they were good covers for the price that i paid .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
this product does what it says it does .
used this for several months and it worked great .
i bought this pan a couple of months ago ,  and i ve found it very handy .
the old one lasted for about num_num years and was a great machine ,  this one is even better .
look on amazon and got this one for more than half of the price .
they fit properly and we have no problems with them .
i have used this mount in move than a dozen cars and it fits well in all of them .
i would recommend this stand for iphone num_extend
i have a pair of the motorola num_extend and i like these much better .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
you will not be disappointed with their customer service !  !  .
i think they are well worth the money .
after reading many reviews ,  i got the wilson dt model .
i love using this product to make my espressos .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i got this one for a good deal with the free shipping .
like others have said it s a great size for one or two people .
this has to be one of the best cases that i have ever had .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
however ,  when the board arrived ,  i found the finish to be just fine .
otherwise ,  if you re thinking about it ,  this is a great value !  .
i have a variety of cases that i ve purchased from amazon . this isa good ,  simple case .
with such a great case they could have come up with a better belt clip .
i would recommend this to anyone with a tablet .
think they should have never abandoned this type ,  love this unit .
the grill was even better than i expected after reading the other reviews .
have been using this headset num_num years and it works great .
this kettle is the best !  it takes about num_num minutes to heat up the full amount of water  approx .
i chose this blender because i love the color pink .
it even has a built in screen protector that is smooth and flawless .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
given the reasonable price ,  i am very happy with this product .
this is the best bluetooth car set that i have ever used .
we bought two of these fans and they did the job .
but i do think it is better designed than most .
it works really great with my samsung num_extend
still going strong and it s almost num_num years later .
also come in a nice little pouch for storage .
this product does what it s supposed to do .
he is very happy with the case combined with this armorsuit militaryshield screen protector .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i was having lots of trouble finding on in the stores ,  glad i found this one .
my wife loves the jawbone icon she has so i thought i would give it a try .
they are easy to use and come with o great cook book for other ideas .
i would recommend this item to any one ,  large or small family ,  it will serve your needs .
i like using skinomi because they last and protect the screen .
haven t been able to use them much yet but love them so far .
i was happy with it ,  to a degree ,  but i wanted something with a greater capacity .
just one more reason to get this product ! i have used this for a month ,  and i love it .
i ended up giving a couple colleagues one and they love them .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
i have these wilton angled spatulas in both smaller and num_extend size and just love them .
i have had this crepe maker for num_num years now and couldn t be more thrilled with the results .
overall i would recommend this case to anyone .
as other reviewers have mentioned the blue light is very bright .
i have owned this for over num_num year now and the entire thing looks like new .
when i turned my phone on ,  it was % something that cost $ it s well worth the price .
it fits pretty much any pot or pan up to num_num inches .
i will start by saying i am pleased with these mugs .
had been using other brands .  .  . this is the best kind .  .  . does not leak or is messy .
and this filter is the best if you have a over size family that drinks water like water .
there are only num_num of us so this is a great size with some left over . very sturdy .
i would most definitely recommend this item to others .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
i like this product ,  as i like most samsung headsets .
this product came with everything i need and more .
would recommend it to people that have this phone .
been using this for about a week now and it works great .
it has lasted a while so i am very happy with this purchase .
they are very strong and heavy and will last for a long time .
well made just as presto has been making products for so very many years .
it came on time and in wonderful never been opened or tampered with condition  !  .
i think this will last for a while .
after reading the reviews ,  i ordered one for myself . the delivery was fast which i really appreciate .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
we are sure that won t happen with this well designed and stylish sppon rest .
i haven t used them yet but they look like they re easy to attach and use .
i have been using this cord for a long time now ,  and it really is just convenient .
will never buy another brand for my phone again !  !  very happy with this product .
new trent has had one of the most responsive and best customer service efforts i have seen .
i haven t been disappointed ,  and i d highly recommend this blender .
just enough to soften them up a bit .
i ve always had good experiences ordering from amazon . com .
i found the fit of this case to be perfect for my iphone num_extend
they were able to be cut down to fit perfectly .
would recommend this to others if its going less than num_num dollars .
great product ,  hope they keep their price point .
i am satisfied with this case so far .
what could be better . the real test is to use the pan ,  and this was perfection .
i have given a few away as gifts because i like it so much and use it so much .
i use this for my samsung galaxy num_extend and it works just fine .
i bought this for my sprint samsung epic num_extend and it fits the screen perfectly .
bought these for my num_num year old and they are holding up nicely .
very pleased with this sealer for the price we paid .
i found this one with many great reviews .
i was very pleased with these towels ,  from the looks of them .
it is very clear at the same time .
my first thought was that i would use it for pancake batter so i did and it worked great .
i like this product a lot and it really work well .
this is so easy and she says the coffee is just like her big pot makes .
symbian num_num is a really good update to symbian num_extend
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
it doesn t look like much but works perfect .
my pans look as good today as when they were new .
this was recommended to me by my sister ,  and i am very happy with it .
the tea is good and so far  less than num_num weeks  it functions well .
i ordered this for protection of my iphone num_extend and it works great .
it was a good case for the money ,  i would recommend this case .
i have never used one of these  .  .  .  . it worked well .
i am sure we will get a lot of use out of this product .
i use it much more than i ever thought i would .
i have lived with this mug for months ,  now ,  and i love it .
i am delighted with this board and am so looking forward to making christmas cookies on it !  !  .
the indentations are deep enough that cakes come out looking terrific .
these screen protectors fit my iphone num_extend very well .
no matter what knife you have laying around and how sharp it is ,  the wusthof is superior .
if this lasts longer than a year ,  it will be the best scale so far .
well everything you have read thusfar is true . this is truly the best vacuum i ever had .
so i bought this battery for my mytouch num_extend and it works just like the original one .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
but ,  after charging it and using it for a while ,  i found it to be extremely comfortable and lightweight .
this is really worth your time and $
i like the grip and the design ,  which keeps my fingers from hitting the board .
the utensils that came with the set are also very nice .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
a must have if you want to keep your phone close ,  safe ,  and easily accessible .
the matte finish makes the phone easier to use as your finger slides easier across the screen .
this charger is good enough to charge an iphone num_num about num_num times .
because otterbox has great customer service for this product ,  i will continue buying them .
it is huge !  !  !  exactly what i wanted !  !  !  i can fit more than num_num utensils on it @ a time .
this is my first bluetooth product and i couldn t be happier .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
this pan will last a you a long time .
the sound quality is very good ,  in fact better than expected ,  especially when playing netflix movies .
this product does a great job for what it is designed to do .
i have no issues at all with this item and has held up very well .
i am pleased with this product and plan to order another today .
tried many different products and wilton comfort grip cookie press is the best out there .
very pleased with this product and glad to have it .
found this product and have not had to play musical bacon strips in pan .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
but do like the product that comes from this one .
yes ,  it is all plastic ,  but it seems very sturdy .
bought this for my dad and he loves it !  it will keep your coffee hot for you to drink .
best purchase i have ever made for my kitchen hands down .
i would buy it again ,  it was worth the money .
it s rated highly and we are totally satisfied with this product .
this case fits the g !  very snugly ,  and i ve yet to have any mishaps with it falling apart .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
this product works well and i recommend to everyone .
so i thought i would give it a try and it s great .
i have been using it for almost num_num months and it is perfect .
i attached them to my ipod ,  ipad and they last so i m very happy with this product .
i have used this headset for a couple of year s now and it still works great .
i just received this can opener today and put it to work .
easy to apply and last longer than some of the other i have used in the past .
i definitely end up using it more than i thought .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
there are many more out there ,  but you will cover all the bases with this tip set .
this is soft ,  it s easy donning the phone ,  protects well .
i have been using this cord for a long time now ,  and it really is just convenient .
i would buy this again and i highly recommend it .
best case of three different cases i ve ordered .
very happy with this case after a month s use .
ordered this from amazon ,  got it quick ,  and it is awesome .
i ve been using this for few weeks now and it works great .
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
i have never had a problem with the hot diggity dogger and will continue using it !  .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i bought large buds on ebay for about num_num bucks and they are much better now .
but of course i knew that before i bought it and it is a very nice pan .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
a three minute egg took num_num minutes with my old poacher but this one is spot on .
my wife and i are happy with this mixer .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
they are much more comfortable than the num_extend and the sound is better .
like the title says ,  i found this pressure cooker to be just perfect .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
i have an older num_extend which i love .
i purchased this headset about a year ago and have been very pleased with it .
but for a skillet that has never been used before that is better than great .
i am thinking to buy more for christmas gift ! i highly recommend this product !  .
i love otterbox products and this one is no exception .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
purchased this as a christmas gift for my daughters boyfriend .
if you are looking for something less bulky ,  this is a good option .
these pans will last me for the rest of my life and it s a pleasure to use them .
i have had this for about num_num weeks now and i love it .
overall ,  for $ it does the job and there haven t been any major problems !  .
really good quality ,  looks like it will last forever .
i like these much better than the bb headsets ,  which are always falling apart .
bought this case ,  great case does what it is supposed to do ,  fits very well .
otherwise ,  the case itself is beautiful and is definitely worth the money .
i still haven t found a phone with a camera that s worth using .
very satisfied with this case with what i paid .
i absolutely love these rubber jar grippers and have been using them for years .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
after a month of use ,  this thing is great .
mine looks different that the one pictured but i don t care because it works flawlessly !  .
after reading reviews i ordered this mandoline which has turned out to be a very good purchase .
i will deffinatlly buy from this seller again .
they also have long handles ,  which makes them easier to use .
i use this with my evo num_extend lte and it works great .
i am sure we will get a lot of use out of this product .
i heard a lot of good things about this case ,  so i decided to give it a try .
as several other reviewers have said ,  this grinder is a very good deal for its price point .
very pleased with the purchase based on num_num months of use to date .
fits much better than the one that came with my otterbox .
i am just getting started with baking so this was a good price point .
i think i will keep this on my list for gifts in the future .
i am very pleased with this product ,  for the price i paid for it .
this one has turned out to work just fine .
i set it on a glass table other times and that seemed to help as well .
it s still much better than trying to use a knife .
outside of the odor i am also very happy with the honeywells and have had them over num_num years .
i loved this pan the first time i used it .
it is very sharp out of the box ,  and after num_num months of use it is still going strong .
very happy with the product and i will buy this product again .
this case tok a lot of damage and held up great .
happy with purchase ,  wish i would have bought earlier .
i got this to help me with pastries .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
i would recommend this product to family and friends .
i really like the incase ,  but this one is just as good ,  if not better in my opinion .
for the money this is a great product .
i have a set of these knives and they are one of the best i have ever used .
this container has a good seal and i would purchase again .
i don t have trouble with this product ,  and it works very good .
very nice ,  has been working for num_num years .
i have put them through some pretty tough tests and they still work great , no problems at all .
i liked it so much ,  i ve ordered num_num more bowls in different sizes .
this is a great case considering this price .
this is a no frills product that gets the job done .
so i bought this and i love it after only about a week with it .
but this one didn t come with them ,  other than that i love it .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
pc mag also says the motorola triumph is the best smartphone on virgin mobile to date .
lodge is a company that is known for their quality ,  and this product is no exception .
i start using it right away and sometimes forget that i have it on .
i bought these for my kids and they are nice and works very well .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
i found this one here and saw all the good reviews and decided to give it a try .
this speaker works great with the iphone num_extend
these fit a little better at the top but that s about it .
this knife has done what i expected from it and i am not disappointed .
it s a great product ,  but doesn t come with a belt clip like the defender does .
very pleased that that they do not scratch my non stick surface . i would recommend these at this price point .
got some that night if you know what i mean .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and it proves a very stable place for it .
but i m more than willing to live with that if i can have a simple product that works .
i couldn t be more pleased with this product .
also ,  i got these items the day after ordering them !  very pleased with that .
that is no longer an issue . i m very pleased with the quality ,  feel ,  and performance of this pastry scraper .
these pens have a very nice tip on them as well .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
i found this service set to be the least expensive on amazon than anywhere else i found it .
the speakers are satisfactory and could have been louder .
it is a worthwhile treat to have this in the kitchen drawer .
a little pricey ,  but you might as well get something quality that will last a long time .
i have been using these for about a year and they still are just like new .
this is a great product and i highly recommend it .
this one is great looking and doesn t take up a lot of space in the refrigerator .
better than the one that came with my phone .
i have no doubt that this will last for years .
these are a great add on for the samsung galaxy tab num_num num_extend
compared to other similar products this is superior .
this blender worked great for a little less than a year .
this is an awesome fan for moving air through your home .
exact same battery that came with the phone !  perfect match .
cheap little product that works very well with any kind of idevices .
maybe i will have to try that . the garlic turns out very mild and spreadable ,  like butter .
i can actually use the navigation on num_extend and it will still charge .
the coffee is excellent ,  and after num_num months i ve not had one complaint or problem with this machine .
i am very happy that i received this set as a gift .
mophie sells some nice case that work very well .
i will be buying more from this seller .
this product works good and i can charge an extra battery and the phone at the same time .
the utensils feel solid and much more expensive than they are .
this product is very easy to clean after use  inside and out  .
i definitely recommend this product to evo shift owners .
this is one heck of a dutch oven . it s well made ,  and should last a lifetime .
i m pleasantly surprised that this product has a great battery life and charge pretty fast .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
fit the phone very well and stayed put for about num_num months .
this has been the best pastry scraper i have ever used .
pretty cool stuff ,  although i don t see myself using it all that much .
i like that it was made in the usa ,  worth the extra money .
this is a great case that really protects your phone .
this is the best chopper i ve ever purchased !  .
this product is so good ,  way better than i had first expected .
this is the best fitting case i have ever had for a phone .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
they did a good job ,  but i wanted to make loaves that would work better for sandwiches .
the blades are much more substantial than on other products of this size .
i bought this for while and i just started using it ,  it works well for me .
very nice of them to do that ,  that shows they genuinely care for their customers .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this is a sturdy mount that i have seen sell for at least twice as much .
i bought this phone case for a friend and she absolutely loves it .
but this one didn t come with them ,  other than that i love it .
the serrated blade that it comes with ,  is nice and sharp .
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone .
i will share this with others i know as well as purchase them as a gift .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
its worth the buy and i m considering buying another one in a different color as well .
i love this vacuum because of the two tanks  one for clean ,  and one for dirty water  .
i like the feel on the touch screen better than without the protector .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
they are made of very good quality plastic .
one of the best purchases i have ever made !  !  .
we have been very satisfied with these chargers .
it take more maintenance than a drip maker ,  but i think it s worth it .
it s best to check the dimensions and capacity of your broken carafe to make sure .
i like the form factor and the materials of this product .
works great as expected and the price is right .
great price on amazon  . better style than the num_extend i had  . came in like you get at the store .
work great for our pants i do not have any problems with the pants falling off .
just received this unit ,  and i m very happy with it so far .
it was still in great shape .  . worked perfectly after many years of use .
i bought this for my daughter in law for christmas .
i replaced this over num_num months ago and it has been working well since .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
i washed them in the dishwasher and that worked well with no issues .
the suction cups are of good quality and have held very well .
some times i also make dessert on it .
much more subtle than i anticipated ,  but i found that i liked it more that way .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
i received this num_num days before said ,  i am very happy with the service and the product .
also ,  the holster secures the phone very well .
i m not sure what hte differing voltages mean but it works well .
i think this is another great oxo product .
i have owned this item for num_num weeks now . so far ,  so good .
they seemed like they were a good product and good quality .
since then ,  i found them here in the states and have always used them .
dishes are very light and seem as though they will last a long time .
this feather is another in a long line of great products .
i think these would be great to sort and store items using multiple bottles .
i immediately ordered it ,  and have been delighted ever since .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i would highly recommend this food processor to others .
this is actually a gift for someone because they liked mine when they saw it .
but ,  if you can get passed that ,  it does work pretty well .
this works better for us than a quick ,  num_num minute cycle .
i bought this phone for my wife and she loves it .
butter pots ,  such as the emile henry ,  do just that  and look great while doing it !  my only num_extend
still like it though and it does have a num_num year warranty .
for that peace of mind alone i give it num_num stars .
i generally like oxo good grips products and this is no exception .
the threads for screwing them together are nice and big and i haven t had a problem with them .
i just upgraded to this unit at work .
this is a high quality can opener and i have now used for a long time .
i think this case is a fantastic case .
i am using this pot on a hot plate for pretty much everything ,  and i just love it .
if you are serious about your coffee then this is the one .
i am very happy with this quality and construction of this product .
i am more than pleased with this product .
so i have been using this for loose tea and it is awesome .
this is a slim case that looks very cool on the phone .
i would recommend this product for what it is as well .
this is a good product and as i expected .
i like this because it is easy to use .
it does this wonderfully . that s what it s for ,  it s not for soup or anything like that .
this is a great product that i swear by and love the cheaper cost than in the store .
i now have a num_extend house with mostly white carpets ,  and it s still going strong .
i would buy from this company again and recommend it to others too .
this is very cute !  the tail comes off a lot but other than that i love it .
i was impressed with this little machine and i m quite sure i will be using it again soon .
it is huge !  !  !  exactly what i wanted !  !  !  i can fit more than num_num utensils on it @ a time .
i have read other reviews that stated the pivoting arm loosened and broke ,  but mine is still sturdy .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
this product is everything that you d expect from kitchenaid .
i keep coming back to these beans because they are ,  for the price ,  the best .
the quality of the product is very good .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
i really like this case for the most part .
this case will protect your phone from any drop and the colors are cute .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
i choose this rating because i ve only used it once myself but my husband loves it .
i love these and plan on buying them in all my baking pan sizes .
i would highly recommend this product so far .
i have been using this whisk for over num_num years and love it .
they were easy to use and work well .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
with this screen protector ,  it still feels like smooth glass .
other than that i really like this product .
this is the best case you could possibly buy for your iphone .
i will purchase again and again from reallook .
this usb charger is out of the way  other chargers stick way out  so that s really nice .
i ,  on the other hand ,  have been very happy to find this ,  proud to own it .
i wish they d just make it solid and put the rubber on the solid part .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
i was having lots of trouble finding on in the stores ,  glad i found this one .
i can t tell you enough how great this product is .
britta water replacement filter it works great no complaints i would recommend this to family or friends .
i have had it for num_num year and it still works .
packaging seemed to work perfectly !  great buy and love this set !  .
this product arrived sooner than expected and seem to be of a good quality .
this case is very neutral and a very nice fit for the galaxy num_extend
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
this headset fit great in my ear ,  its look is very cool ,  but a few num_extend
i ve been using this carpet cleaner for the past num_num months and i m extremely happy with it .
this phone case came today ,  and it was a perfect fit for my iphone num_extend
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
fit the phone very well and stayed put for about num_num months .
my husband finds it very useful when making espresso for more than num_num people .
i love the color have not been able to use yet because phone was not working .
they suit me just fine ,  and i am very happy with them .
this new bowl works so much better than the bowl that came with the mixer .
we didn t  need them but nice to know they re there .
i was so pleased to find something to protect my new beautiful stainless steel moen sink .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
so overall i am thrilled with this purchase .
bottom line :  it does the job and it does it well ,  sometimes better than the phone mic itself .
i have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good .
all in all great device for the num_extend month update :  i continue to really like using this device .
this does a great job filtering the water for my num_extend but it doesn t last very long .
this device gives it good capabilities for making citrus juices ,  and helps the ka earn its keep .
the sound from the philips headset is much clearer .
it is perfect for my nexus num_num cell phone .
but for the price ,  this one does great for everything else i need it for .
i bought this for the kitchen and it functions exactly as it should .
this is a great device and i would buy it again .
this is the best thing i could have done for my electric bill .
it works great ,  not only with a cell phone but with an ipad and other bluetooth devices .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
in all ,  i am quite happy with this product .
i use this with my nokia lumia num_num and love this .
i love the size for things other than marinating and it s very sturdy .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
this thing makes a great cup of coffee .
i like this product and would buy again .
this is really amazing how it protects your phone from getting wet .
i have no complaints so far . i recommend this product .
i found a whirlypop at a yard sale and with just a tiny bit of coconut oil .
this case is definately worth it for the price .
these are even better than i thought they would be .
i have to say that i bought these knives and i am very happy with them .
i bought this color and a few others of the same brand; the case itself is fantastic .
my new precious !  very good for a nice in this price range .
i think its great that companies like this still exist .
we will definitely buy this again in the future .
this was such a great deal that i bought num_num chargers .
this thing is great !  it toasts fast and even .
hope this helps you in trying to figure out what you want .
we ve had this food dryer for about num_num weeks and are loving every minute of it .
only had them since christmas ,  but ,  they seem to be well made .
my personal experience with this machine has been generally positive .
other than that sma imperfection i love it !  !  .
this is another of those items that i will give as a hostess gift or housewarming gift .
we give it num_num stars and num_extend thumbs up !  .
they are still great ,  and almost like new .
well made ,  looks good ,  and will expand by purchasing another unit .
this is an iphone dock with a very simple design .
this product works well on spots in my rug every time .
battery life is simply phenomenal ,  with days of standby and many hours of talking .
this one has the rubber soft tip which i like better than the foam .
switching from vertical to horizontal took a little getting used to ,  but i love this peeler .
i also tried this out on my cell phone and it does fine .
the beans stay absolutely fresh until i use them !  ! i have yet to run into a problem with this device .
others have stated the strengths of the case in more detail and i agree with these evaluations whole heartedly .
made the purchase on this item and have used it a lot .
i have tried many different spinners over the years and this by far has been the best one .
bought this coffee maker about num_num months ago  only in white  and simply love it .
i saw this on a cooking show and liked what i saw .
it really does work just like an infomercial .
this is the best juice press i have ever used .
i have to say that i bought these knives and i am very happy with them .
get these ,  they will last you a long time .
this is a great durable screen protector . the good :  lasted a long time . the bad :  nothing that i can think of .
i love pineapple so this seemed like a good idea for me ,  it is somewhat compact .
absolutely did a great job and left my house smelling about num_num times better .
the lowest price i have ever seen on this item ,  and free shipping too .
this one seems sharp enough to cut through the dough and it makes a lovely cut out .
these are the best quality storage containers i have ever owned .
if you want to make someone very happy ,  and make a good impression this is the gift to buy .
other than that ,  i think this case is going to work just great .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
it comes with excellent instructions and is very easy to use .
in spite of that ,  it still works fine and i use it often .
i would definitely recommend this item to anyone .
i really like this product and would order again .
a good amount comes out with each shake ,  and they seem as if they will last quite awhile .
very comfortable in the hand as are the other num_num trudeau spatulas i own .
since we have had good luck with it ,  i would recommend it .
it doesn t take up much space ,  but does exactly what i hoped for .
i think most people will find the sound quality to be very pleasing ,  right out of the box .
even after i got married they are still in daily use .
they re all one piece ,  so they re easy to clean and are stiff enough to wipe bowls clean very easily .
a great all around pan that can be used for more then just making pizza .
that would have been a mistake ,  because this is the perfect press hands down .
i really like this casserole and have had great success with everything that i have made using it .
even though these are cheap ,  they have great sound when you get a good seal in your ear .
this battery has kept my machine in working order longer than i thought !  .
i would recommend it to anyone . hope this helps !  .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
still ,  i am giving it num_num stars ,  because when it works it works very well .
i really like it because you can cook and store with this set .
bought this knife based on a review from the wirecutter and am very impressed .
i have this one for about a year now .
of all the moose items i purchased for our travel trailer .  .  . this just brings a smile to my face .
this is very sturdy and no longer have that problem .
overall i would recommend this if you were purchasing a press .
i would definately recomend this product to anyone with a phone like mine .
other than that love this case  !   !   !  .
kitchenaid has fabulous customer service ,  which gives me confidence in buying their products .
there is a big difference between sharpening and honing .
i wouldn t hesitate to recommend purchasing this product .
definitely noticed an improvement after i used this .
a helper handle to assist with straining would certainly be a nice addition .
for the price on these ,  they work very well .
this item is very cheaply made ,  but works great !  it froths milk like a pro ,  and it s fast .
overall i like this adapter a lot and would consider it well made and a good value .
i ordered this product for my windows surface rt and it works perfectly .
i had read that this was the best and i am now convinced .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
i got a really good deal on a food saver .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
this phone case is the best case i have owned .
i have had very good results with this hot plate .
i use this for the first time the other day and what a great product .
don t listen to bad reviews !  this one is a newer version and much better .
i highly recommend this product ,  and will probably buy several as gifts .
i purchased an adapted from another manufacturer and i am good to go .
this product is the right size for a party ,  too . first ,  it s very well made .
it works like new and i have had zero problems with it for this first year .
otherwise ,  this is a great item that works well !  !  .
i used the other reviewers idea with the binder clips and it went perfectly .
it works great but the original did not last even a year before needing to be replaced .
more expensive than the average whisk for sure but worth it .
this is the best thermos !  keeps beverages hot for over num_num hours .
bought this as a gift along with num_num matching scoops .
haven t used this much yet but ,  the few times i have i ve loved it .
they are very durable and they last a very long time ,  if you take care of them .
i bought these because they are compatible to my bunn coffee maker .
love ,  love ,  love this case !  it s high quality and very convenient .
i ve used the voyager num_num for about num_num hours and i am pleased with the purchase .
i purchased these to protect my tab and they work well .
i moved the star rating to num_num stars since it s very nice and easy to use .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
after all ,  i am quite satisfied with this product .
if it s used the way it s supposed to be used ,  that is ,  with bottled gel ,  it s perfect .
i have had a blue one for about num_num years and i love it .
this one is good stay away from the other .
i bought two of these ten years ago ,  and i still love them .
this product has served me well in the past .
it is without a doubt the best vegie brush ever .
the other reviewers are correct when they say this is a quality product .
no that big of a deal . if you re a soup lover ,  i highly recommend this product !  .
i have heard for quite some time how wonderful potato ricers are .
i got this for my num_num year old mother .
i am very happy with this case and recommend it to others looking for something similar .
love these because they allow me to dehydrate the peaches ,  pineapple ,  tomatoes i canned .
i would recommend this cooker to anyone interested in cooking under pressure .
i ve even played music through it with my phone and it sounds pretty darn good .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
it is one of the best products we have ever purchased for the kitchen .
i ve been using mine outdoors on a card table for months now and i just love it .
this thing will put a good edge on anything .
i was looking for a quality stainless steel colander and found it with this one .
i am really excited about my new tool .
i have really enjoyed using this product everyday .
if you have several apple products like my family you will love this little gadget .
this product was such a good buy that i had to take a chance .
charges and holds a charge just like the original battery .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
they make the perfect order filler to get free shipping .
despite this ,  i still recommend it ,  until a better solution becomes available .
first mixed in water with the eggs and the times they suggest worked perfectly .
i bought one like this several years ago .
if you are hard on phones ,  i would recommend this one .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
other than that ,  this knife does all the work for you .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
after spending some time looking at reviews on the internet i decided that it might be worth it .
i have read other reviews that stated the pivoting arm loosened and broke ,  but mine is still sturdy .
oneida is a trustworthy name brand ,  and sets like this warrant their reputation .
i really hope that this machine does not break early because i am so happy with it .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
wilton products although pricey are usually very good like this one .
these are great ,  and i wouldn t worry about other reviewers who said they were flimsy .
i do recommend giving this item a try .
so with that being said ,  i love it !  .
after reading many reviews ,  i got the wilson dt model .
on the whole ,  i like this book very much .
this is a much ,  much better headset than the old num_extend
i think this will make a nice little gift to anyone .
i ordered this item because i had limited funds for decorating my homes and it is beautiful .
i would buy this again and i highly recommend it .
keeps your phone clean and so much better than regular screen protectors .
it makes a nice presentation which is also very important to me .
this case is nice in any form ,  especially on a white iphone .
i am very impressed with this grinder so far .
i use these to cut out clay to make paw prints and they work great .
this was a good product when i used it .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
get these ,  they will last you a long time .
you will use it almost every time you cook .
we have made several batches of ice cream and have had much success .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
looks even more true to the product as i remember it .
i thought they were great and even put one in my office kitchen .
the lifter alone makes this kit worth the money .
the handle is made of a material that prevents your hand from slipping which is really nice .
i have purchased about many of them for me and for gifts ,  we all love them !  .
in all my num_num years of being on this earth ,  i do believe this is the best pot ever .
i saw something like this at a hotel i stayed at and it worked great .
i love my iphone and have never had a problem with it .
plus ,  the cast iron is so much healthier than other products on the market .
i love this ice cream maker for several reasons .
i ve had my kitchenaid mixer for over num_num years and love it .
i was so happy when i received these .
the skins come off very cleanly and with little effort .
this receiver is great because it has it s own volume contol on the side .
this blender worked great for a little less than a year .
this juicer is a very high quality juicer at an extremely low price .
i am looking forward to using over and over again !  !  .
i recommend this product .  .  . but it was somewhat pricey for its one purpose .
there s a fine line that you will learn !  i recommend this product .
i recommend it to everyone ,  no other brand ,  and will buy a gallon from their website .
bought this for my wife and she really likes it .
i have had no problems with it and it works great .
only num_num of probably about num_num have i ever liked  even loved  and this is one of them .
the carafe is easy to remove from the metal stand and clean .
i recommend this product ,  and the price was great .
i have seen others with swing out baskets that also work well .
heats num_num cups of water fast !  was well worth the price .
they feel like a fresh pedicure each and everytime .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
i would still order from this vendor again !  !  .
i love the case it looks exactly like it does in the picture .
one of the first things you ll notice about this is that it is intelligently designed .
i ve had this over num_num years now and it works well .
this product is well made ,  nicely priced and works well .
they are pretty and exactly the right size so i am giving them num_num stars .
i ve been using this item for a few weeks now and it is very effective .
we also tried combinations of nuts and had positive results .
this filter is compatible with a plethora of filters .
i am totally satisfied all around with this product .
oxo is known for its quality and this product doesn t disappoint .
this can was a little smaller than i expected but it totally meets my needs .
i bought this one based on the good reviews .
this phone is so sweet ,  way better than apple nazi s num_extend iphone with num_extend junk apps .
when i first got this i thought it wasn t going to last too long but it s been great .
i would recommend this product to anyone who has a cell phone .
it doesn t take up too much space ,  but it is powerful .
have always wanted one of this since i m a kid .
but i ve left it on the charge over night and it does a great job .
i got this because i thought that it would be a fun item to have around .
it has all the presence of something that will last a long time even with lots of use .
this looks exactly oem and performs as it should .
this is a neat little tool that does a good job .
i bought the ladle ,  sloted spoon and num_num serving spoons and they are all great .
i ended up buying another i liked the brush so well .
it is by far my favorite mount and i will never waste my money on another one ever again .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
what s more is that you can season it to your taste .
i bought the num_num inch ones and they couldn t be more perfect .
in terms of value for your money ,  this machine is a winner .
i would recommend getting this to be able to use your phones navigation while driving .
sound quality is very good but not perfect .
this was one of the best investments i have ever made .
i have num_num different sets of these and love them for muffins .
i ordered this same case in a few other colors and have received them all and i love them .
love these anodized pans ,  will definitely be buying more of them .
for the everyday cook ,  these knives are all you need ,  they really are hassle free .
i love this product ,  better than i expected .
i really like this jug as an alternative to plastic .
it s actually easier to hold while texting with this case on .
they work great on both the iphone num_num and num_extend
pump works perfect with num_num or num_num pumps being just what you need .
they came right away and are just as presented .
pours notably better than the one that came with our bunn maker .
great product ,  just bought one for the droid num_extend
i purchased this item because of the great reviews and the popular brand name .
got this to go along with my atlas pepper mill .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
i bought this to help with my new hobby of dehydrating food .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
setting it up and figuring out how to work it after checking the instructions was very easy too .
this has been great now for num_num years .
this little fan runs great and really moves a lot of air with very little noise .
i have purchased num_num of these knives so far and love everyone of them .
i ve had three otterbox cases and i like this one better than any others .
i was looking for something different to my wife and this case its strong and beautiful .
this grinder makes it so easy to grind whole nutmegs .
so i m giving it four stars because it works good .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
i read the reviews on the presto and bought it because it seems reliable .
i am just so thrilled with this jar .
i have been using the bb curve for the last year ,  and this is a huge step up .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
the screen looks great and the button isn t much different that the original one .
when i play games it will last the whole day and a half along with your every day use .
this tree pack of filters makes it even more affordable .
other than that it works just like the other one i had .
sony did a good job with this product .
i ve only used it num_num times and it performs very well .
i really like that this is so easy to clean .
i would recomend this product to everyone with an iphone .
love this juicer even more than when i first started using it .
i ve tried three different citrus squeezers and this is by far the best .
we have had num_num of these now for the past year and they are holding up great .
i will be buying some more for christmas gifts in the future .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
we really like that about them . they are excellent .
love these cases purchased one in about num_num different colors .
this color really looks good with the white iphone num_extend
i use them every time i cook ,  and they re perfect .
this is the best turner we ve had in the last num_num years .
i purchased this item over num_num years ago ,  and it is still great .
i ve been using since christmas ,  two months ,  just love it .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
i have had them for over num_num years and they are still going strong .
we are happy that we took our chances with this one and so far so good .
changing volume really is thankfully easy with this device .
then i swish it with clean water and it is like new .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
it works !  got this thing applied first time without bubbles .
i want you to know that this is such good quality .
i expected something a little larger ,  but this serves it s purpose well .
i divided this set up amongst my family members and added it to their christmas presents .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
like many others i bought this knife based on their recommendation . overall i love my new knife .
this battery pack has served me well many times .
the only problem is that it is not hot pink ,  it s more purple than pink but it s still cute .
have used it only a handful of times but charges rapidly . i would recommend this seller and product .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
the first time i used this i loved it .
it has saved my meal more than once when i got distracted .
when the product arrived i was impressed with the heft of the pans and their very nice appearance .
have not used it as yet but am sure that it will do nicely since it is good quality .
i did charge it for about num_num hours right out of the box  .  .  .  . this bt headset is very nice .
i will be buying more from this company .
just bought this processor last week and i m already in love with it .
but i still give it num_num stars because it does grill really well and it s easy to clean .
its quiet ,  does a great job ,  and hasn t given me any problems yet .
everything must be put together just right for it to work .
shipped fast and received in time for christmas even though i ordered late .
this grates ice like you wouldn t believe !  i m absolutely thrilled with this blender .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
there s nothing wrong with them ,  and they are a good size with comfortable handles .
i bought this case for my bf because he loves red and needed a new case .
this is by far one of my favorite purchases and one that i use the most often .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
i honestly love the beef jerky that you can create .
lolit s an awesome accessory to my phone and i would recommend this product to anyone looking to purchase .
we found it took about num_num minutes on full power to cook to perfection .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
despite that ,  for the price ,  and for its power ,  i m very happy with this .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
a funnel is just something that is good to have in one s home .
this is so easy to use and clean up that i should have bought one a long time ago .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
it it is reliable ,  i would have been happy .
i have a set of these for myself and was very pleased in how they were made .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i would buy this again and definitely recommend it .
our num_num year old loves it to make his own grillers with this .
everything else about this coffee maker is perfect .
i find that pouring boiling water down it works better though .
it works well and i d give it num_num stars if it weren t so loud .
this product is very user friendly and great for work . i even purchased one for a friend ! thanks !  .
i like this product and would buy another one in the future .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
cannot beat the price and the quality of this case .
this case is going to last forever !  the leather is very high quality and the clasp very strong .
i purchased this plantronics and i have to say ,  the quality is impeccable .
all in all ,  i m happy with them ,  just think this item is a tad overpriced .
a month after receiving it i found the original that i lost a year ago .
so yes ,  i would use this seller and product again and would recommend it to others .
i really like the sound quality and the fact that the headphones can be replaced is a huge plus .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
nice that it comes with a car power adapter .
to me this is a great little gadjet that does one of the jobs it was intended to do .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
just received these glasses and i am delighted with them .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
this is a must have for evo num_extend users .
what is there really to say about something like this except that it serves the purpose well .
hope this helps you in trying to figure out what you want .
i find that it works best to fill the container only half full of oil .
okay ,  i have to say that this is a really nice case for the phone .
however ,  i am very happy with this product .
it is everything i thought it would be and more .
i ve used this pot for about num_num months ,  and it is excellent .
henckels fans and this is just another great product in their line .
i bought this one just in case mine goes up .
i got this as a gift for my wife ,  who didn t even know she needed it .
i ve tried num_num other cases and this is easily the best one of the bunch .
okay ,  so i m completely satisfied with it and it works well after num_num months .
i ve owned the breville for about num_num months now and love it .
in all my num_num years of being on this earth ,  i do believe this is the best pot ever .
i got this set about num_num years ago and we just love them .
i have three dogs and three cats and love ,  love ,  love this product .
great price for an  extended  battery that fits under the stock cover .
these have very tight lids ,  which i like very much .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
i m very happy with this product it adds a whole dimension to my cooking .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
they are very durable ,  safe from chemical worries like plastics and odor and stain resistant .
i think this is well worth the money .
after purchasing and using it ,  i found that the reviewers were right on .
it s much easier to have a num_extend pan available when making something special for a cake order .
just what i wanted ,  and it is always nice to start with a nice clean dish pan .
this carriers is a lot better then u would think .
it gave my iphone double the battery life and for the size that made me really like this product .
the cord is long enough and the charger works very wiell .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
the thermal carafe is a huge plus and keeps the coffee hot enough for me for about num_num hours .
let me tell you ,  this pan is worth the money .
this is probably one of the best values we have ever bought .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
i tried this last night ,  and it is pretty good .
but pretty satisfied with this battery as of now .
i have bought these for both my wife and myself .
it worked out great !  will recommend this to anyone !  .
they are just as pretty as i expected .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
really nice device to keep track with your power consumption .
i have been cooking over num_num years ,  and this is the best press i have ever used .
i recommend that anyone that bakes get one of these .
i have the new iphone num_extend and this works awesome .
i used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part .
fit well and look sharp !  but thwy dont last very long .
really cant say enough good things about the otter box .
this case is really good for this phone .
they do a lot of testing and make sure things work .
the wood handle feels nice and sturdy; definitely not flimsy .
however ,  i can assure you that this particular item is a genuine oem blackberry product .
it came with a really nice set of accessories ,  and they even have their own great little storage box .
we bought this about num_num week ago and it is the best vacuum cleaner we have ever had .
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
i bought this in num_num and still use it .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i have used the chef knife for num_num years and am extremely happy with it .
it also works with other cookware besides lodge .
they will last a home cook forever and us for years to come .
this one is set to one below highest but the sound is great .
it is a good value for the price . background :  i have had a rival steamer for about num_num years .
it fits perfectly ,  and i feel it protects the phone better than any other case .
this one fits perfectly !  the shipping is a little slow shipping from hong kong .
i will be buying more from this company .
great tool to use and i have to leave to many words to mention how great this item is .
this has been one of my most helpful house cleaning purchases in a long time .
after about a week with the device i can say that this device fits in pocket very well .
the charger worked perfectly ,  and continues to work almost num_num months later .
we have them stacked three units high ,  using the hardware that is included ,  and they work perfectly .
i love these cases just because they look really pretty .
all in all ,  i am happy with this item .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
my son takes them with them everywhere they go .
these have been great !  nice and thick ,  they don t feel cheap and have held up perfectly .
it spins easily and the spices that were included are good as well .
worth every num_extend update : we ve now had this cooker for num_num years .
i have received many compliments on this phone .
i m sure this one will be just as good .
and the kickstand is great when you just don t feel like holding it any more .
i ve have kitchenaid peelers that work just as well ,  and the oxo peelers are well made too .
mirror tint looks razor sharp on my phone .
i work in the oilfield and this product makes a perfect fit for my iphone num_extend
so far after about a month it still works fine .
other than that i would recommend this product .
there are many customization options to suit the device to your needs .
the pan is a bit on the heavy side ,  but very nice quality .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
heavy duty large ,  good for using in soups stewschillies or sauces .
as with many other reviewers ,  we bought this after seeing it on good eats .
this fits my samsung galaxy num_extend very well .
i have all hardwood floors and two cats and it really keeps the hair volume  in the bag  .
it s battery seems to hold enough power for my needs and the reception is clear .
however ,  i am pretty happy with this one and just need to experiment more with beef .
i bought this product on accident but it works great !  !  !  i would definitely purchase again .
the material is glossy so it gives the shiny look which makes the phone look good overall .
i replaced this over num_num months ago and it has been working well since .
this is my second order of them , because every one that sees them likes them .
they are as functional as you could hope for and beautiful to look at as well .
i m quite satisfied with the item and would have no issues recommending it to anyone .
i have used this salad spinner for about num_num years and really like it .
if i need anything else i will definitely come back !  .
this makes for a more discrete appearance when worn .
it is well worth the price i paid $
i know that these are $ but i think that they re worth the money .
this one is great !  i went up from the num_num cup to this num_num cup size .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
it keeps the tea very hot for long time .
otherwise this thing is awesome ,  lasts me well into a second day with light to moderate use .
it is easy to use and when i wear this one out i will buy another to replace it .
that being said i think i will have a nice and complete set of tools when they arrive .
i got a great price from amazon and purchased it .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
this batter holds the full charge very well .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
i have cured it and used it several times ,  and it works just as i thought it would .
i am in love with this coffee pot .
as another reviewer wrote :  kitchen aid got it right with this one .
it hooks up with both of them at the same time automatically when they re in range .
great phone case i used this case for about num_num years .
i still have them almost a year later .
i trust the brand and even though they were cheap ,  they worked fine .
we love this case ,  the color makes it easy to find in the bottom of a purse .
other than that ,  i am quite happy with this purchase .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
i purchased this item over num_num years ago ,  and it is still great .
overall i m very satisfied . i ve been using this grinder for several months now and i still love it .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
i bought two of these ten years ago ,  and i still love them .
we bought this in dec num_extend and all is great .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  they are certainly lightweight ,  but they do what they should .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
this knife has done what i expected from it and i am not disappointed .
the recipe requires only four or five ingredients ,  so with minimal effort you can create a stunning treat .
i am impressed with the versatility offered by these chargers .
they work just fine but i was hoping more because of the name .
all this will fuel even more rapid growth in the android app market .
will use for a long time and love it every time !  .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
never had a case like this before . it has a quality feel to it .
the first time i saw this i fell in love with the color of the usb cable .
i bought these as a gift for my husband and they re really solid ,  thick mugs .
i believe that you will like this product .
this small thing has the best sound i have ever had with any of my bluetooth products .
but i own one that is about num_num years old and works like new .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat .
there s nothing wrong with them ,  and they are a good size with comfortable handles .
i have used this case for over num_num months now and really like it .
does my pepper corns and my coffee beans just right .
this one is firm ,  i ve used it for over num_num years now and love it .
but i feel that the case looks even better in person !  .
i would highly recommend this type as well as this brand .
i think this set will come in very handy .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
i just upgraded to this unit at work .
the carafe keeps the coffee hot for about num_num hours after brewing which works out perfect for me .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
i ve never had a problem with it working and it is very sturdy .
and it does make great great froth i would recommend this product .
we got this pitcher as a wedding gift and we ve been using it now for over num_num years .
i m also looking forward to cooking a pot roast .
this mount is the best and cheapest mount i have ever bought .
i also have the wmf stock pot and find they make top quality products .
i must say that it is a very nice kettle that heats up water very quickly .
they have a great seal and they have never spilled on me .
the stainless steel is nice and i think will wear well over time .
the eggs were perfect .  .  .  .  .  . have repeated this several times with the same results .
they snap together easily and store quite well .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
i have gone through several of these and this is by far the best one i have owned .
their pan is top quality and they stand behind their products ,  regardless of where you buy it .
they are easy to sharpen ,  easy to care for ,  hold their edge well ,  and last a long time .
i love that i can use stainless steel utensils on this pan .
works like it should could be a bit more better but its worth the money .
however motivates me to buy another one because it really is a wonderful case for my husband .
the best purchase i have ever made for pie making .
scooping cookie dough or thick batter is so much easier now with this product .
i was very pleased with the performance of this griddle .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
still a great product though and i would order again .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
they work great and do not over beat the dough as we were doing with our food processor .
i really must say that this is one of the best iphone num_extend cases out there .
very pleased ,  i would recommend this product and i will buy from these guys again .
this bowl is beautiful !  if you are looking for a large shallow bowl ,  this is a great choice .
love this set so much i bought two more for parties .
the best feature is that it keeps the rice warm and perfect for up to num_num hours .
it is so worth spending a few extra dollars to get crystal film .
this is exactly what i am looking for .
as others have mentioned the knives are super sharp .
i highly recommend this case !  !  protect your evo with the best !  !  .
this is a nice option if you just want a hard case and not the clip .
this solves the problem of battery life and adds extra grip to the phone .
just received this case and it is exactly what i expected it to be .
this case is great ,  it is more than i expected ,  it holds my items along with my phone .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i have had great luck with oxo products and can certainly recommend them to others .
i ve used this set for about num_num years now and it still looks like new .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
i love zojirushi and have many of their products .
these are by far the best screen protectors i have purchased .
they really got this right !  i will never use a different brand ever again .
i have been using this product for many years ,  and i highly recommend it for red wines .
if you have the hd or lower ,  i d definitely recommend this cover !  .
my kids have bought this model and swear by it ,  too .
i chose this because of the  good grip  on the product .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
it is quick to charge your phone and chargean extra item at the samse time .
this knife works perfectly in this device . no mess .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i have had this grinder for num_num years and it is still going strong .
this case works just like you would expect .
this is the best ,  easiest and fastest can opener i have used . i will never buy another kind again .
the slim design is great for a pack that gives me at least num_num full charges of my num_extend
we ve used this popper for over num_num years and love it .
they have been up to every task that i asked of them .
i am very pleased with this product as i own both iphones and ipad .
this is a great product and i highly recommend it .
great quality ,  much better price than in local stores .
with ease and is way more quiet than i expected .
it s very sturdy and thin enough to easily slide between the cut layers .
they do just what they are supposed to and are very easy to use .
this is one of the wisest purchases i ve ever made .
only used it num_num times since we got it ,  and it held up well keeping the ice cold .
these were a little dull out of the box ,  but sharpened easily and seem to hold an edge well .
call connection is great ,  unless you put your phone in your far pocket ,  or something of the sort .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
i ve had this over num_num years and it is still one of my favorite pans .
its a little flimsy when you take it apart but it protects the phone very well .
i ve been using this product for a month now and its met all my expectations .
they protect you and your knives when you store them .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
the quality of this product is surprisingly good ,  especially for the price .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
this item is very cheaply made ,  but works great !  it froths milk like a pro ,  and it s fast .
i m sure there are better machines ,  but i love this one .
will keep buying their products in the future .
the disc fits and works just fine in my dlc num_extend for num_num cups .
but ,  if you really like to make your own concoction ,  than this is really great .
i bought this for a backup to have at work .
i would recommend this to anyone who wants to protect their screen on their iphone .
i am well pleased with this product and most definitely recommend it .
i ve had these headphones for the last two years and they have been great .
this one serves the purpose that i bought it for even better than i d hoped for .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
i ve used these a couple of times so far and they work great .
the touchscreen on this phone is the best i have seen on any phone .
my friend could hear me very clearly and i could hear her as well .
i recommend this for anyone who has a iphone num_extend
this is far lighter than my wustoffs and henckels but has a very sharp blade and great balance .
yes ,  this product does all that one could hope .
bought two of these and both still look as good as the day i got them .
i also use the cup that comes with it often .
the non stick pans work well ,  and have not had any problems with them .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  they are certainly lightweight ,  but they do what they should .
i m happy with the num_num foot cable and car adaptor .
it fit my phone well and i would purchase it again .
i ve only had this mug a short time  a week or so  ,  but i ve grown to love it .
i have no issues with either and am very happy with both .
i am more than pleased with this product .
we are pleased with it so far after a couple of months .
this is a high quality set and worth the money .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
it arrived in a few days and it is just what i wanted .
just like the other reviews ,  i am very happy with how strong the magnet is on this holder .
it also comes with a small felt bag which i think is a really nice add on .
this product is worth every dollar you pay .
it seems like a very pure way to make coffee .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
these are really great trays   i bought num_extend they stack well and they re easy to remove .
definitely would recommend if you like your privacy .
this charger is very small and also very well made .
i love that i am able to essentially grill indoors with this pan .
like i said ,  they worked great for what they were intended and we were satisfied with our purchase .
this product arrived on time and in good condition .
its still a good charger to have ,  and much more compact to pack than the original .
i bought this not really expecting much ,  but the skillet has been great .
haven t used this much yet but ,  the few times i have i ve loved it .
this is one of those products that will last the years .
it s made in china which i don t like at all but it is heirloom quality .
like alot of others have said ,  this product is awesome .
this case will protect your phone from any drop and the colors are cute .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
this was the best for smoothies ,  and i have not been disappointed so far .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
my husband and i really like these stylus because they are sturdier and easier to handle .
this coffee maker is perfect for a great cup of coffee .
still ,  most files do play and very nicely .
i bought this item because i owned a motorkr and loved it .
the price of these knives in europe is much better than in the usa .
she has this one and has been very pleased with it .
great price and certainly much less expensive than those in stores .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
i recently ordered this set and am very pleased with it .
bottom line ,  i love mine and have given several as gifts .
i got this kit so i could have a tip large enough for eclairs .
i would definitely buy it again from amazon .
it is pretty cute like the picture has shown .
i am so glad that i bought these and saved so much money .
they are very compact when folded so they travel easily .
i hope my advice helps . i would really buy this product again if i had to .
i am very happy that i received this set as a gift .
i will be ordering these again in the new future .
i wanted something large enough for the big pans and this does that .
they were easy to apply and a great fit .
very happy i got this ,  if you are thinking about buying it .  .  . don t think about it just get it .
i can t say enough nice things about this device .
i have been trying more and more oxo products ,  and was pleased to find the can opener .
i have had the coffee maker for about num_num weeks and am very pleased with it .
it s basically a fact that this screen is the best on the market .
this is my second purchase ,  hopefully as good as the first .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
this was probably the best phone case i ve ever owned .
i would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone .
would love to get a set of num_num steak knives from this company .
happy that i found it ,  but i all but gave up on it to work again .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
it s compact yet big enough for my purposes of num_num or so cups of coffee .
i bought two of these batteries and i am very satisfied .
highly suggest buying this if you love to make boiled eggs .
these were a perfect fit and they will save us a lot of work .
it also allows for a good grip and is made very well .
i can truly say i m very happy with this item .
sometimes that seems like forever but it s pretty seamless .
i got this because i could listen to music without having to use ear phone .
they work pretty good and the sound is great !  they are a little flimsy ,  but they should be fine .
still the best num_extend headset that i have found to use while running .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
i purchased this product for my daughter ,  and she liked it .
i have found that cooking with cast iron makes food taste better .
they work great in the popper ,  nothing much else to say .
good quality and it has held together for about num_num months now without coming apart .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i am very happy with this spatula set .
i have used other knife sharpeners ,  but this is the best i ever used ,  even over electrics .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
first i must say ,  great price for this product .
very happy with these cases on our iphone num_extend
i would definitely buy this again but i m glad it s of good quality so i won t have to !  .
if you are hard on phones ,  i would recommend this one .
fit my galaxy num_extend perfectly even with the case on it .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
also ,  this product is very easy to clean .
once you find something you like stick with it .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
this is one of the best cases i have used on my verizon iphone num_extend
this fits and looks like the original cover .
i like this case and still have it although ,  i have a new phone now .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
i also got some bormioli duos latte mugs somewhere in there too ,  which were also great .
this is a great deal on a cool product .
they will work well in any coffee maker one cup or two cup .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
i have no issues with either and am very happy with both .
it just feels cheap . overall ,  when you take the price into consideration this case is a great value .
if you are looking for a bluetooth handset that also looks stylish ,  then this is definitely one to get .
does the job of a bit of protection and keeps the phone from slipping out of your hand .
this bluetooth is great !  the battery life is very good .
i like the way this screen protector looks and feels .
i m very impressed with the engineering and usefulness that went into this little powerhouse .
i have used this roaster several times and it works time after time .
received this product and have been very happy with it .
i used this several times over the last few weeks and it holds up well .
i have used these knives for years and am very happy with them .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
this is one of those products that will last the years .
i love that the case protects my phone well enough because it covers the edges .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
i think that this whisk will last forever .
the good thing is that these stay connected to my phone the whole time .
it always good to have a variety ur phone covers should be no different lol .
now after a year of looking all over for some amazon  . com  has them back in stock again .
this strainer is study and made of fine stainless steel mesh .
and i love the size !  much better than the small one i have .
in about num_num minutes you ve got perfect poached eggs .
i can t believe the quality that has gone into this mixer .
i liked the idea that it could time num_num intervals at a time .
this is probably the easiest cork puller i have ever used .
previous reviewers have done an excellent job of describing the physical details of the product .
i would recommend these for use with fondant and gumpaste .
these were great headphones and i was amazed at value i got for the price i paid .
there isn t much to say other than this product works great .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
i agree with all the reviews that this product is excellent .
all in all this will be a good replacement .
this is the second can opener of its kind that i have owned .
even though i own both ,  and this case is still my favorite .
gives your screen a bit of a rainbow effect tho .
this charger is so much better quality than some of the others i ve had .
when i can t reach people because their smartphones are dead ,  i will recommend this product .
it works very well with my samsung num_extend and with my laptop too !  i recommend this product .
i love how long this cable is ,  which make charging very easy almost anywhere in my room .
these bags are very well made ,  and seal to perfection .
i also like that the control buttons are on the front rather than the top .
they work very well to charge my samsung galaxy num_extend
i ve used this pan several times since i bought it ,  and it has worked great every time .
they sound just as good as scullcandy earbuds . you get some good quality earbuds for a cheap price .
this is a very nice leather case for the iphone num_extend
though smaller than the bowl that comes with the mixer ,  it is fine for many mixing jobs .
but other than that gets the job done .
this is absolutely the best thing to have to extend battery life .
this fits my samsung galaxy num_extend very well .
i ordered this to replace my original one and i am very happy with it .
i have tried several brands and this one is the best performer by far .
i have to say that i am impressed with the weight of this set .
i bought one of these a number of years ago and have loved it .
i love my cuisinart processor and this just gave me another reason to use it .
this product is made in france and is of high quality .
for me that s a good thing .   and all the other switches feel pretty much the same .
i have to say they are much better than the num_extend
i ve been using it now for about num_num months and for the most part i m satisfied .
it is the right size and is easy to carry around your neck on the included cord .
it s well made and study ,  it s adjustable so that you can tilt it towards you while you are driving .
it looks good and has been around since the num_extend
it s worth twice what i paid for it .
i ordered num_num of these for my num_num boys and ,  for what i paid ,  i am impressed .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
this is the best hand mixer i have ever used .
they are also great for holding salsa ,  nuts ,  and other small munchies for parties .
my family and i have been very pleased with the performance of this appliance .
this one not only stays up ,  but has more features than the others .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
i bought mine about num_num months ago and absolutley love the thing .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
it is also universal so it works with many other usb cords .
i m using this with a sony ericsson num_extend quality :  the unit feels great .
within two days of running this air cleaner i started noticing a very positive difference .
i read the reviews and liked that i heard and so far ,  i am not disappointed .
i like them because they do look nice and polished .
i feel it gives me more control over what i am doing .
i have used this to modify my galaxy num_extend and it was very easy .
this one was the best item that i could buy in this price .
comfortable to wear for long periods of time .
these are a good size . what i didn t num_extend
these are made very well and have a nice weight to them .
i definitely recommend this product ,  since it will eventually pay for itself !  .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i got this set about num_num years ago and we just love them .
i would recommend this pan for any hard core crepe maker .
just a real nice colander that looks like it will last a very long time .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
bluetooth comes with lots promises ,  but only with iphone ,  this product really sees the light !  .
there are so many wonderful things to say about this mixer .
i love how it covers the buttons and makes them even more responsive than without the case .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
i also really like the fact that it has num_num different sizes vs .
and the fact that it s a bagless and with no hepa made it even more attractive .
it came on time and in wonderful never been opened or tampered with condition  !  .
however ,  it does cook food very nicely and keeps it warm for a long period of time .
these seem to mount and work much better .
i have made linguine ,  angel hair and ravioli with great success .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
it looks like art ,  works like a dream and is very easy to clean .
if you look on youtube you ll find a simple way to make your own pods .
this is a style that i really like .
i have been using them and love them .
when it connects to the phone ,  it says  connected  in a pleasant and clear voice .
it s sharp enough to cut just about anything ,  and light enough that it doesn t fatigue your hand or wrist .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
but if you are willing to live with that then this phone is a good reliable choice .
i love this case and would happily buy at num_num times the price .
this is a cool feature for this mixer . i use it with mashed potatoes and chocolate chip cookies .
this product isa little high but very nice .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
i would recommend this case as it is a great value and does the job .
these are the best liners i have ever used .
the item arrived late ,  but i am pleased with this iphone num_num case for less than $
i like this design because it s more sturdy than other designs .
i would highly recommend this pitcher to anyone looking to get away from plastic as we are .
as a zester ,  it is the best i have ever used .
awesome product and i have never had a problem at all with sealing .
it is great to buy from a company that takes care of their customers .
i like this item because they are easy to put on and they fit my phone .
all good things about this item have already been said .
i ll recommend this product to anyone looking to experience music like never before .
as other reviewers have mentioned ,  it creates very fine strips of whatever s being grated .
free shipping with amazon prime can t be beat .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  they are certainly lightweight ,  but they do what they should .
i have been very pleased with this battery .
book to complement and the reason i bought it in the first place .
my num_num year old son loves this headset .
this is a quality product that i would purchase again .
so i bought this and i love it after only about a week with it .
what was even better it got here very fast .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
i bought this pot to make indian chai and it does its job very well .
everything snaps together very well with a little effort .
i love this product although i could have done without the drama of it getting lost in shipping .
great for camping or people who have dexterity problems .
but other than that ,  it does work well .
i love the small size of this little maker and how quickly it makes the cookies .
these are also very comfortable for my hand  i have pretty large hands  .
got this for my iphone num_extend and i m very happy with it !  east to apply as any screen proctector .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
this product works great ,  i initially ordered one for myself .  . but my wife ended up falling in love with it .
i love that i am able to put the phone in landscape mode with this car mount .
seem to be high quality compare with the cost .
i tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great .
i have an older model that i have had for about num_num years ,  and it is still going strong .
the sound quality is pretty good ,  and the users on the other end tell me i sound great .
my battery life is now far better than when i first reviewed .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
the sound is better than any other product i have used .
we ve had these for over a year and they ve been great at keeping all of our spices organized .
i have had this pepper mill for years and have nothing but good things to say about it .
this product is very helpful in cooking and cleaning .
i think this product is great and i would recommend it .
i have used it numerous times and find that it is of good quality and very easy to maneuver .
i now have num_num of them and i would definitely recommend them .
and with the new healthier recipes its just that much better .
came home and checked amazon and there they were !  !  !  !  he is very happy with them .
i bought this for my brother and he s so happy with it .
this may be a different brand than we normally buy ,  but they are every bit as good .
it s a tad expensive but well worth the money .
i like this case because it fits well .
this product has definitely helped my phone last longer .
this is a must have when you bake a lot of cookies .
it s the handle though ,  that sets these bowls apart more than anything else .
this is by far ,  the best case i have ever had .
they do feel well made and i expect them to last quite a while .
if you drop your phone a lot get these they are great .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
i felt that the price was more than reasonable for the quality that i received .
it is easy to use ,  and there have been on problems with it .
and i am still extremely happy with the ease of use and the performance of this product .
you will not be disappointed with this tea maker .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
it it is reliable ,  i would have been happy .
i give this product five stars because of how fun it looks .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
now after many uses this piece has a nice finish that i just love .
i just love it . every time i am again surprised that these little paddles can actually make bread .
all come with a plastic guard to help protect the blades which is nice .
this is a quality headset that will last well .
and ,  as others have noted ,  the price is amazing .
i bought this and then my son started using it a lot .
i wanted a product that i could use around our pool and this has worked very well .
this is important . it doesn t take up much space and works extremely well .
i m sure it will out last my lifetime ,  but definitely would purchase again .
does what it says and looks sleek and clean .
i have been using these filters for a while now and i think they work great .
i have been using this grill or griddle for several months now and i am very pleased with it .
this being said ,  it has held up well .
however ,  a larger one is good to have on hand for when you have company over .
what an excellent product !  i have had mine for num_num years without any problem .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
i have used my num_num cup bodem french press coffeemaker every day for several years and really like it .
i ve used it several times and for the price i m very pleased .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i love this brand !  !  i have used it for num_num different devises .
i m looking forward to using it for christmas ,  and for meals in between .
i bought this item earlier this year for my home .
the fact that it can be set vertically or horizontally makes it even more useful .
fit my galaxy num_extend perfectly even with the case on it .
this one is easy to clean and looks like it will last a long time .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
well ,  i found one that i love even more !  it s this one .
they sound very good and the battery lasts longer than i need num_extend hours a day !   .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
when you want to play music through it omg its very very good and sound quality is great .
either way ,  i m still glad to have this gadget as part of my kitchen .
the few extra bucks that this product costs compared to the menotek and other brands are worth it .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
was brought for a red freak and she really likes this and can change when needed .
all in all this is well worth the money .
other than the issues with the screen and battery door  which i solved  its a great phone .
yes they are more expensive than other measuring cups out there but they are worth the extra money .
these are my favorite spatula set that i bought from amazon .
bought this num_extend one as i love num_extend one so much .
family members love to walk off with them because they are great .
she is just starting out and has made some really good flowers with this book .
i have a variety of cases that i ve purchased from amazon . this isa good ,  simple case .
we can t say enough good things about this product .
they work well for the price and mostly stay on while i m lifting weights .
i had one piece that still had a sharp feel to that area .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
i found this item very dependable and of good quality .
i have had the phone for two weeks now and i have been very pleased .
i would purchase more because the price is nice .
i have made sauces of all kinds and have been very satisfied with the results .
what else can one say about it ?  i like it !  .
and i really like the walnut handle . i ve had my knife for about num_num years and it s still going strong .
they have me hooked for life on this product .
it also looks much better in person than the photo .
this item is a great size and quality .
i buy value packs of generic water filters and they work well in this model .
they fit perfect ,  no problems with applying to phone .
i just love it to death !  !  !  thanks amazon .
the quality seems really good and they just have a nice feel to them .
these stainless steel canisters are just what i needed .
i had never used a pressure cooker before but am enjoying using it .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
but you know what ?  i got this item again and i m still very happy .
i then cooked up some pancakes using the griddle and they were nothing short of amazing .
i d highly suggest buying it for this price .
once you put it together that s it ,  so i figured using a glue will definitely help .
just bought this processor last week and i m already in love with it .
i have had at least num_num different bluetooth s and this is the most comfortable and clear by far .
these cost more ,  but are definitely worth the extra money .
the thing i love about this phone cover is it fits well on my phone .
it looks like it will last a lifetime .
the reviews for their external battery chargers are glowing so i decided to give it a shot .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
found it on amazon for less than half ,  with free shipping .
nice thick stamped metal with smooth edges ,  and the locking mechanism is very convenient for storage .
i purchased this headset about num_num weeks ago and so far i really like it .
this item would work great as a dutch oven too .
the coffee is so rich and full of flavor i can t believe i stayed with my cuisinart so long .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
being the cheapskate that i am and not really needing a big tray ,  this one works fine for me .
a great price and i would recommend this item .
update :  it s been num_num months ,  and i still love this knife .
this is a well made cake pan with a plastic lid .
i purchased this item because the price was so great .
i use this whisk for almost everything that needs mixing !  i highly recommend this product .
this is a good product just as described .
it has been working so well for many years now .
a big plus for me also is that it is made in the u . s . a .  !  !  !  !  .
i now have num_num of them and i would definitely recommend them .
i ve had it for num_num years and it s still going strong .
still ,  they are a great set and i would by them again .
however ,  after not working for num_num days ,  my machine is making perfect bread once again .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
they are extremely comfortable ,  and i think they look pretty good on me .
after testing it out for a couple of days ,  i actually love using it .
this is a fairly inexpensive knife and great for slicing thin slices .
i am really happy with the purchase of this frothing cup .
this grinder works like it s supposed to and seems well made .
they are a really nice set with good finish .
i like it and it does protect the phone very well .
i think that will be more attractive and more durable .
:   not sure what you want it to do ,  but it cuts pizza well .
i am very pleased with this item would buy again from this seller too .
another reviewer titled their review  brilliant  and that s all that needs to be said for this mount .
i couldn t find a single cup machine i liked so this small num_num cup works great for me .
to make a really good angel food cake you gotta have this pan without the non stick feature .
i feel it is well made ,  easy to clean and doesn t take a lot of room on the counter .
this machine does all of that . this machine is very forgiving too .
i believe they come in larger ,  longer times as well .
these are very comfortable and the sound quality is great .
when the kettle first arrived ,  i thought it was gorgeous ,  right out of the box .
it takes a long time to ship ,  but that s worth it if you are not in a hurry .
the first time i used this i loved it .
i bought this based on soooo many great reviews .
after three days and forking out $ our machine is as good as new again .
i only have use of one hand so this mixer is fantastic for me .
i had a num_num qt before and love this size more .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
this headset works very well with my galaxy num_extend
that original mat has held up well for the last num_num years .
dropped it several times but it still works fine .
we ve had the this blender for about num_num months now and are fully satisfied with it .
this steamvac is much lighter and i can carry it num_extend
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
this is all we buy . take care of them and they will take care of you .
it s made well enough that it gives you a quality read each and every time you use it .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
i love these sturdy ,  stainless steel measuring cups .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
i was a bit shocked at the low price of this case ,  but impressed with the many positive reviews .
these bags ,  at a great price ,  work as well as the original hoover bags that came with the machine .
i also like to say that my first time with a steak .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
everything about this case fits well with the evo shift .
i own num_num of them in various sizes and they work .
very useful and i would recommend these baskets to anyone who needs storage .
still ,  these are minor and this device works much better than others we have had before .
this was an item that emeril showed on one of his cooking shows and he endorses it .
i have been using my set of num_num years ,  and it still looks great .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
great phone case i used this case for about num_num years .
got one of these along with a few spare batteries for my droid num_extend
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
this screen protector fits and goes on very well .
i also like that the case doesn t get stuck in my pocket like other phone cases .
for what they are ,  i m well pleased and would purchase them again .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
the vacu vin really does keep wine fresh and it only takes seconds to use .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
this battery is an excellent replacement for the original battery .
i like that it is made out of metal rather than plastic .
i think this is the best case for the evo num_extend
we have been using this griddle for about a month now and love it .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
definitely would recommend to anyone in need of screen protectors for your thunderbolt .
well worth the money and i will use it often .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
i can t say enough good about these things .
overall ,  i am still satisfied with this device .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
with android there s just a feeling of choice and doing things your own way .
i see this as a handy item to have around .
it actually takes a bit more than num_num cups of milk ,  which is great .
i love how this screen protector really protected my phone .
this pot is used at least num_num times per day and it has held up well .
for the most part ,  this has worked as advertised .
she says it s a better quality than she expected for the price .
the cracker is much heavier than the others i used to have ,  so i think it has high quality .
this is much more than a fondue pot .
i really like these lids and can t seem to find them in the stores .
i like this much better than the otto box .
i got this product because my husband had one when he was little .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
my wife likes this pan so much ,  we ordered two more for christmas gifts for our daughters .
this product does what it is designed to do .
i have had this hot little number for over a month or so now and i just love it .
this is the third one i have tried ,  and by far the best .
i will be buying more from this seller .
the size and design were just what i needed .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
this little chopper is fantastic and is different than others i ve used .
the big thing about this is that the sound in loud and clear .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
this is the best customer service experience i have had in years .
these a super shakers as they have a nice size and hold a lot of salt and pepper .
so far it makes me feel like it is a high end luxury .
the small details can make a huge difference .
makes coffee just like my dad made it .
i have been buying these for year because they are so handy and easy to use .
i have had this grill for about num_num years now ,  and it is still fun to use .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i bought this for myself and loved it so much that i bought four more .
this is the best little case i ve ever owned .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
it is also cool it has num_num usb charger port in case you have num_num devices .
this charger has worked well and will charge both my ipad and iphone or other usb powered devices .
and i do believe that if you take care of it ,  it will last you a long time .
this little stove top burner works well my dad uses it every num_num days .
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
great product and it fit and work well .
so far after several months of occasional use ,  i am very happy with it .
everything you could possibly need is in this kit .
i took a chance and ordered num_extend of these stands and was very happy when they arrived .
nice and strong and nice and piping hot !  !  this product is great !  !  !  never going back to drips .
it s nice not having to spend to much on a case for your phone .
i have had num_num dif ones now and this one is the best .
banana bread and this pan are just that good .
they have the same complaints about the redial button ,  but are happy with the headset regardless .
if you are not afraid to open up your phone then i highly recommend buying this .
i have several pieces of le creuset and have always been more than satisfied with same .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
it is also great for frittatas ,  because it can go in the oven as well .
as several other reviewers have said ,  this grinder is a very good deal for its price point .
the first time i used this i loved it .
these clips are strong and hold a bag of chips and they really stay fresh .
at the end of the day this battery provides a little extra battery life .
based on other reviewers ,  i purchased this body glove case and it fits perfectly .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
this looks nicer than i thought it would .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
this case is worth more than double or triple the price .
i would recommend it if you are wanting something enclosed that isn t expensive and is decent quality .
this works very well ,  was easy to install and use .
i ve been using this for a few week s ,  and it does a nice job .
it is well worth the money spent on this grill .
i will probably have to hone the blade later on but it looks easy to do .
i would recommend all of the wilton baking pans ,  just based on my experience with these pans .
wanted something cheap that got the job done and this headset is exactly that .
i am enjoying using this set very much .
these are awesome !  they do what they are made to do .
my phone is over three years old ,  i have replaced the batteries and it worked like a charm .
it will help me make good sandwiches and save money .
we got this product to go with our newly purchased foodsaver num_extend vertical vacuum sealer .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
this wmf tool is quite different ,  it seems to be made of a quality ,  durable ,  hard plastic .
my mom s has been around for num_num years and is still going strong  .
after num_num months of use i m happy this headset with one caveat .
they are great for turning just about anything .
i drop this phone every once in a while and it still works .
i have never had any loss of steam and it is very easy to clean .
i would recommend this case for any one for those reasons !  .
using this on a num_extend and i m very happy with it .
i am happy with this cast iron skillet .
i would recommend this case to anyone who leaves the house with their phone ;  .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
this is pretty easy if you have a faucet with one of those extension hoses .
i think that makes this extended battery appear that much more amazing .
the size of it ,  num_num inches ,  is perfect in my hand ,  not too long .
this is the best ,  hottest coffee that i have had yet .
these were a great buy !  i would definitely recommend them .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
i knew this bumper wouldn t protect anything but it looks good though lol .
i ve had it now for about num_num months and it still is holding up well with average usage .
it is very well made and didn t cost too much .
this is the best charger i have ever purchased for my iphone .
i have been using global knives for about num_num years and love them all .
i get that level of compatibility with my num_extend
i ordered num_num of these num_extend fans and boy are they big !  they work incredibly well .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
received this item within num_num days and it works great .
i ve had this for about num_num weeks and so far it s been working great .
i own two bose systems that are larger than this but their sound is more what i enjoy .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i actually like this model much better than the one i had .
either this is the real deal or a very good knockoff .
after a few weeks of use ,  the case seems to have loosened up and it s perfect .
i bought this for my treo num_num and so far i m very impressed .
i have had mine for a couple years now and it is still used everyday .
bought this because of the reviews and i haven t had a cake stick yet !  love it !  .
it is good for getting a good grip on the slippery phone .
what i like about it is that it s a very convenient design .
i ve been using it on a weekly basis for over num_num years ,  and it still runs great .
i bought this because it matched the three piece set that i also bought .
i would rate this product worth at least $
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
i used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part .
i like that it doesn t interfere when i text .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
these seals worked great and they don t have a smell .
always nice to keep some of these on hand so that they re there when needed .
now ,  you don t need to be a perfectionist like me to enjoy this .
this thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices .
i purchased this twine to replace the drive band on my spinning wheel and it works beautifully .
especially if you can have it  fulfilled by amazon  and come within two days !   :   .
over all i am very happy with this purchase .
i have been using these for about a year and they still are just like new .
bought this because i have kids and thought they would enjoy the shapes .
no that big of a deal . if you re a soup lover ,  i highly recommend this product !  .
the quality of the call was very good .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
i also needed one that responded quickly to temperature changes and this one does just that .
they worked like they said and were easy to use .
aside from that ,  this is another great product from otterbox .
also ,  the sound quality from this is much better .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i cant believe this price ,  what a fantastic deal .
i like the fact that this product is clear .
i will be buying this again for her .
very cheap and the same time looks quite sturdy and works perfectly .
okay ,  so i m completely satisfied with it and it works well after num_num months .
they re better then my original stock headphones ,  we ll definitely do business again .
my family and i love these stylus ,  but they all think they need num_extend
i cannot express how awesome this charger is .
i d recommend this hand blender set to anyone .
if you like cooking large amounts ,  then this is for you !  two thumbs up !  .
as other reviewers have pointed out ,  the thin construction of this popper is the key to it s great results .
great product that makes bread plus you can program it so it s done when you get home from work .
and this works in the other direction too .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
this was a good buy for me ,  i really like this product .
as i purchased one ,  i got more for friends and family when they noticed mine .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i have used in multiple cars and this mount does the job for all of my devices .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
what is there really to say about something like this except that it serves the purpose well .
nothing to get real excited about ,  they re colorful and they work just fine .
so far this product has lived up to my expectations .
and there not all that expensive ,  and they clean up great .
i love these screen protectors !  ! they are just what i wanted .
i have had good experience with products made by rowenta ,  plus the product is made in germany !  .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
would recommend this to anyone who wants a good screen protector .
i found this product to be a great value and the service was great with this vendor .
it sharpens very smooth unlike the victorinox steel that came with my knife bag .
this case has been a very good one for my iphone num_extend
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
minor stain on the white plastic after about num_num month of usebottom line : this is an excellent hand held blender .
after num_num weeks of use ,  we are very happy .
and i m glad i bought the larger size .
fit the phone very well and stayed put for about num_num months .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
i love that i can make tea with it as well . i would recommend this !  .
i bought two sets to fit num_num coasters on .  .  . love them !  .
i bought this as a gift and it was well received .
fits comfortably in my ear and the battery lasts num_num hours .
changing volume really is thankfully easy with this device .
i have small hands ,  so these knives are very comfortable .
when you receive them ,  you will think they are the most adorable kitchen item you have ever seen .
i hope that it will hold heat like the original did .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this one does the job better than my old one ever did .
with the lid i find the thermal quality is better than anything else .
the product whisks well in a short amount of time .
thanks for putting out such a great product .
i own this grinder for almost a year and i find it pretty good .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
i haven t been disappointed ,  and i d highly recommend this blender .
you can see by all the positive reviews that this thing is amazing .
they have a nice handle so you can get a good grip on it .
this is a great pitcher to use when making more than one latte .
wow !  this really did work the way they said it would .
i am also very impressed with the battery life .
anker is a company that stands behind what they sell and cares about client satisfaction .
overall though ,  we are very happy with the set .
i have used these about a dozen times and they work fairly well .
great product ,  great price ,  fast shipping ,  num_num month warranty .
other than that ,  it is truely the best maker i have ever owned .
as you would expect ,  this is extremely sharp .
i have been using these for a while now and they have held up well except the middle one .
it s just great ! some people might not like that the settings are either .
everyone loved that it looked like a cassette tape .
it doesn t take long to make the coffee ,  and tastes really good .
i give this product an a+ rating !  !  !  will buy again  !  !  .
this adaptor is so much better for battery life and hasn t caused that problem with the ipod .
i really like this and would recommend it !  .
this is a great product and they are the best that i have used so far .
i really like the sim card cutter it works very well .
i made a few sandwiches in my grill ,  and i am satisfied with this product .
this rack is well made ,  durable and sturdy .
fits my phone perfect and provides total protection .
the size of the pieces that came off when peeled with the new one was incredible .
perfect fit for our house !  we should have bought this size long ago .
i have purchased several different brands of stylus and this brand is good .
family members love to walk off with them because they are great .
we got this set for our rv but will probably order two more for our home .
i also really like the sound that it makes .
very pleased with this product !  .  .  . just wanted to add a note .
i m happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone .
i am very satisfied and will continue to purchase them from amazon in the future .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
the glasses are great and are exactly what you think they would be .
but a quick wipe with a damp cloth makes them look fresh again .
i have purchased this brand before and was very satisfied with the product .
other than that it s a nice ,  easy to use cleaning item .
this is the next best thing to a cabinet trash can that comes with the cabinets .
i ve had id theft num_num times this year including just num_num days ago . a must buy .
i ordered this one from amazon and it fits well .
not very creative ,  but i really like this case .
it looks good and gives me more cabinet space now that they aren t full of pots and pans .
they look good ,  are strong enough to keep a big bag of chips tightly closed ,  will buy again .
this little stove top burner works well my dad uses it every num_num days .
i will purchase from them again without hesitation .
after a week and a half of using this waffle maker ,  i m quite pleased .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
it is made of like a almost leathery material that i did not expect and love .
for my needs this works better than anything i have tried .
they are very strong and heavy and will last for a long time .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
this is always ready to go ,  i just keep it in the charger all the time .
as we expect from this brand ,  so far this themometer is a good buy .
help the lights up and they were easy to remove from the drywall without leaving any marks !  .
i purchased this for home ,  i am happy with this product .
this product does its job with no surprises .
i purchased one of these rice cookers from another vendor and i absolutely love it .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
i went with this one ,  it s smallish ,  but powerful .
this is pretty much what we were looking for .
these jars were great ,  we filled them up and are using them every day .
if you want a leak proof case forcell phone or whatever ,  this is a good buy .
i ve had this rack in my shower for almost two months and am very pleased with it .
i recieved num_num sets of these last year and i have loved using them every day since .
i bought this to replace my burned out blender and it is going strong .
this case really looks good on the white iphone num_extend
i am really happy with this hoover product !  .
this is the secret to num_num minutes fresh pasta .
i like these tongs from oxo ,  and find they work almost as well as their uncoated siblings .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
i have the num_num piece set of this product  ,  its a gem .
i have been using this canner for two years and love it .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
very easy to apply and the price is awesome for this product .
a great value ,  you will use these forever without having to replace them .
the case provides a lot of protection for your phone .
absolutely no doubt they are the best i have ever owned .
if you have a droid bionic ,  then this battery is a must have .
all in all ,  i am happy with this item .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
i was really surprised when i received them quickly .
i will keep buying more of this brand .
for $ this product is a must have for handheld tech users .
it makes a perfectly cooked pizza in about num_num minutes .
the other reviewers are correct when they say this is a quality product .
even though these clips are small ,  they are really sturdy .
i actually purchased like num_num of these and gave them out as gifts everyone loves it .
i love this case and was glad that i got the hard plastic on the outside .
you will not be disappointed with this tea maker .
i really like this brand for very reasonable gadgets at almost always great prices .
we didn t really want two sizes ,  but i m glad we got the set .
i got this for my wifes iphone and she loves the pink color .
very easy to use ,  you really cant go wrong with this .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
when i got them ,  they were so nice i ordered myself a set .
i love this case ,  don t really have anything negative to say .
i love these tumblers ,  i hadn t used ones like these since about num_extend years ago as a kid .
the fact that they have there own lids is great also .
i bought this blender because it is the best rated in a particular consumer review magazine .
i ve used it several times and it makes spaetzle that is just the right size .
once again i m happy with a purchase from amazon .
having num_num cats and a toddler ,  this machine holds up to all of them .
i think i will be happy with these blades for years to come .
love the different colors that way the people will know which is his or her .
ever since i bought this headset i have become a fan of it .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
they work fine for me .  . i have had about num_num months .  . work great . i did give num_num to my grand daughter .
this is durable and made of strong plastic ,  hangs anywhere for off the counter space .
i ve been using it for a couple months now ,  and it has met my expectations .
i have been using the quart size bags for just about everything and then i found these .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
i ve had this kettle for about num_num years and it works just fine .
i have admired this kettle since i first saw it in the num_extend
well ,  i had a headstart on using this and i have loved it from the beginning .
this product does the job and is fairly priced .
i still have these prestos and they are like new .
your marbles will be safe from the num_num year old ,  and clean when you need them .
what can i say ,  this product works great .
i can do the whole house from the middle room without moving the plug .  .  . god i love that .
for the price though it is worth it .
however ,  i am very happy with this product .
i can t capture it in my shoulder very well either .
it s only been in use for num_num month ,  but so far it does a fine job .
it fit perfectly on my phone .  .  . so perfect that it seems like the phone came like this .
i purchased this just to stream music to my car and for that i love it .
if this one ever breaks i will definately buy again .
i really like this product and the ease of popping corn .
i was able to go to my little tool box and find something that fit just fine .
great price and exactly what one would expect from pyrex .
this is especially handy for seniors ,  who may have grip problems with their hands .
we ve tried a lot of brands ,  and usually found that the higher the price ,  the better the quality .
this one is so much easier to use and holds at least twice as much .
my carpets are the cleanest since they were installed .
i wanted something large enough for the big pans and this does that .
in use now for over num_num months ,  this productdoes a great job .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
keeps the liquid quite warm for more than a couple hours .
can t say enough positive things about this charger .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
this case is worth more than double or triple the price .
the reason for the four star review is due to their comfort and battery life .
they stay in my ears just fine and they sound really good to me .
i have probably used it over num_num times ,  and every time has been wonderful .
once i got the hang of it ,  i never stopped and fell in love with this particular can opener .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
i noticed that the handles were very comfortable and the stainless steel was especially sturdy .
the belt clip and case seem very sturdy .
based on user reviews and the overall design i thought this would be the winner .
i would recommend this especially for the low price .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
after a week and a half of using this waffle maker ,  i m quite pleased .
these are fairly heavy crystal but getting num_num for this price is fantastic .
this is a great case that really protects your phone .
it actually takes a bit more than num_num cups of milk ,  which is great .
for me this case feels really nice the velvet soft touch that is actually similar to the droid num_extend
this case is impact absorbing so the phone is completely protected .
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
i like that it is plastic but soft plastic .
ive ordered alot of screen protectors and these are by far the best .
these are much better than some i have purchased for older phones .
another simple touch will tell you which station to set your car radio to .
i particularly appreciated when they came out with these preseasoned varieties and have a lot of them .
screen covers ordered from amazon ,  this particular screen cover is the best .
i ve been using this machine for num_num years ,  and am very satisfied with the expresso produced .
this item was good ,  i was definitely happy with this particular purchase .
containers were a little smaller than expected ,  but worth the price .
they were so right .  .  . it works like a real charm !  .
works great with iphone num_extend as well as various nokia phones that i have tried it with .
i also used the original battery that came with the phone .   the batteries work well and do last longer .
the first day i got this item and charged it to a full charge .
i love the sound quality and the other party can hear me clearly as well .
however ,  if you have sizeable gunk ,  this does a good job and the strainer is removeable .
i ve had two of these for about three months and they are still like new ,  with daily use .
they are made extremely well to take that amount of work .
the color is great !  i like it very much .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
these protectors are very nice and cover the entire screen .
this one was highly rated and it is a very good pan .
i ve had it now for about num_num months and it still is holding up well with average usage .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
i have found the battery life in this one to be very good .
be very careful of your fingers though ,  it is extremely sharp .
they only last about a year ,  but they re a terrific value at the price .
it is fab . i have had great success with this appliance .
this product makes it very easy and enjoyable to make pie crusts .
after trying two other cases ordered from amazon ,  i finally think i found the perfect one .
i will be buying this again for her .
this device does so much of what i wanted it to do and a lot more .
i really love these measuring cups ,  they are heavy and feel substantial ,  not cheap .
likes about this product :  protection ,  color ,  fit like a glove .
wait num_num minutes and pour into coffee cup and you ve got a perfect coffee every time .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
this is the best of all that i have tried .
they worked great and lasted a long time with what they were put through .
i love mine and owned it for num_num years now .
have owned this item purchased from amazon for nearly num_num years and it is still working perfectly .
very good sounding both ways but not usable in num_num wheeler .
this is the third pair of bt headsets and in my view the best .
the paring process is incredibly easy and ,  there are no issues once paired .
it has held up well over the years too .
this car charger works great with my htc one and my sons droid razr hd .
i ve had this maker for about num_num years ,  and the love is still strong .
i would like to add ,  it s very well made and will most likely last for years .
also was very easy to clean ,  even around the latch .
it s so good i rarely even have to heat up the big oven to cook dinner anymore .
works very well with no wind ,  but can pick up noise with the slightest breeze .
i don t know . all in all ,  this is a good headset .
i liked this screen protector ,  it did what is was supposed to do .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
should have bought one years ago !  buy it !  well constructed ,  works very well .
we have had this cutter for around num_num months now and i still love it .
it seems to have a good amount of power ,  especially when running the beater brush .
when i started using this i realized i got more than my moneys worth for it .
i definitely would purchased from this seller again .
all and all i am very pleased with this item and am happy with the quality .
oh well ,  it s great to have num_num spices on the counter top within easy reach .
other than that is has held up well ,  and the interior surface is as good as new .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
i read reviews of knock offs so we paid a few dollars more and got this good quality product .
i would recommend these headphones to anyone looking for bluetooth headset .
i think this product is pretty good and i like it .
i have never had a salad spinner before so this is thrilling .
there are a lot of things to love about this pan .
i have a feeling that will work out as well .
this little thing saved me so much time and effort .
very pleased with this product !  .  .  . just wanted to add a note .
she still uses it after so many years .
this one actually weights something and works much better than the ones we had .
this bowl is perfect for marinading meat and such .
like others have said it s a great size for one or two people .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
i really love that it s very comfortable for long periods of the time .
and ,  they look so much better than my old ones .
i just can t say enough good about it !  .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
i bought this to replace my burned out blender and it is going strong .
this is great !  i should have bought one of these years ago .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
this case looks so real and feels real .
but most of the time the browning is even enough to suit me .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
i like the idea that it comes with a cover .
got this for my daughter for christmas num_extend year old  and she loves it .
works great with iphone num_extend as well as various nokia phones that i have tried it with .
my life got easier the day i brought this handy little friend into my kitchen .
if you have a craving for a latte at home ,  this product is very handy .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
it is small ,  definitely lightweight and powerful enough for this .
i would recommend trying it especially since it is so inexpensive .
oxo is known for its quality and this product doesn t disappoint .
i always do research before buying a product and the research on this product was well worth it .
the sound quality is the best i have ever experienced .
yum !  if i ever lost the ones i have ,  i would buy these again right away .
this then ,  would be a good choice . that much said ,  this kettle has a lot of quality built into it .
really pleased with this product and the company that sent them .
fits perfectly ,  easy to use ,  very comfotable unlike others that restrict blood flow around your arm .
i decided to give this a try because of all the good reviews and the modest price .
i ordered this cover for a coworker because he liked mine so much .
i bought this set for my sister because i love mine so much .
made the purchase on this item and have used it a lot .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
three for the price of what some places will charge for one is an even better deal .
i got this product after a good research .
i think this is very well thought out ,  great product .
it is noisy but most of the time ,  it works fine .
each waffle only takes about num_num seconds to cook . easy to clean .
ever since i am using them they have been working great .
that being said ,  i really like this scraper .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
i ve never used a sharpening steel before ,  but it was very easy to use .
that being said ,  i m very pleased with this .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i found it had great sound quality on both ends ,  and there was no background noise at all .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
this beater works better than the one that originally came with the mixer .
feel comfortable taking it on trip without having it packed in bubble wrap .
but for a skillet that has never been used before that is better than great .
these are so great and they don t make that annoying whistling sound .
but they came in the mail earlier that expected ,  and when i opened them i was quite pleased .
this case fits good and seems very protective .
but the first one that came with it years ago ,  is still great .
this works great and you need not worry about your non stick cookware .
love the ease of taking up extra cord with the side velcro tab .
this is my second otterbox and will buy again .
looks and feels like a quality product and fits in with the car num_extend
it s even big enough for people like me with gunnzzzz .
i have no complaints so far . i recommend this product .
i ve owned mine for a year ,  and love it !  if i could give it num_num stars i would .
we like the grips more than anything else .
other than that ,  i am very satisfied with this purchase and strongly recommend to others .
i ve owned a presto pressure cooker for many years and have been very satisfied with it .
i found this product to be a great value and the service was great with this vendor .
i made this for my daughter s birthday ,  and it turned out amazing .
the family and office will sure be glad you got this item .
it is huge !  !  !  exactly what i wanted !  !  !  i can fit more than num_num utensils on it @ a time .
this case is fantastic in that it doesn t get in the way .
he loves it ,  and it does work extremely well .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i love using this set when we have crab legs or lobster .
for your purpose ,  with the above considered which are our loss ,  this set is worth four stars .
this headset works very well with my galaxy num_extend
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
recommended for anyone looking for a replacement battery .
i love it and order here again . i am glad i bought this product .
this is the best turner we ve had in the last num_num years .
these are even better than i thought they would be .
but i ve been happy with this waffle iron for years .
there is little to dislike on this product and the quality of the grind is consistent .
if you like protect your mobile and have a good look to; so then this is for you .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
and i m glad i bought the larger size .
if there are any issues with etching or fading i will update this review . recommended .
this product has saved my phone on more times than i can count .
you can talk and charge at the same time .
this case fits my htc evo num_extend perfectly .
that s a nice feature because i prefer it face down . i recommend this product .
this is especially handy for seniors ,  who may have grip problems with their hands .
i still have these prestos and they are like new .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
i received this gadget as a gift last fall and have been using it extensively since .
this product was in good shape when i received it .
they come on plastic rings which makes it easy to keep them all together .
cast iron cookware works well ,  and works for the long run .
that s my best description of what this device is .
this is a great set both to have and to give as a gift ,  which i ve done several times .
seems to be made of a very nice quality and is very sturdy .
good deal for num_num batteries and a charger .
i love oxo brand and this is yet another product that they ve made well !  .
i took a chance on this and i am very happy .
this product is great because my husband is inthe agriculture field and works with large equipment .
i would gladly recommend this to anyone i know .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i like this band because my iphone sits well in the holder .
but this one is great and i would recommend it .
i have owned several bluetooth headsets; this is by far the best .
i bought this case along with a few others at the same time .
a very cool case for my very cool iphone num_extend
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
they are great i keep at least num_num in my car at all times .
they cost a little more than some ,  but are easily worth it .
it even beats my other juicer that i bought for over $ from sears .
i followed the directions that came with the wok and had good results .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat; its that good .
i will be coming back for more !  thank you .
it s so easy . to clean up ,  i just rinse in water .
for the price ,  this is a really great product that i use more than i thought i would .
these have made it really simple to bake .
i bought num_num of these as gifts and everyone likes them a lot .
a passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last num_num years writes this review .
there are so many uses for this product that i can t rave enough .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
have used this for num_num years and it s still going strong .
i have cooked steak ,  salmon and chicken on it ,  seems to work well .
i use this for the first time the other day and what a great product .
they hold up much best than others i have tried .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
otherwise i think that you will be happy with this unit .
i followed the directions and was very pleased with the outcome .
i like using this slotted spoon very much .
i would rate this product worth at least $
i decided to buy the set anyway for i was so very impressed with the quality of this set .
my first impression was that this bamboo block is solid .
num_extend num_extend been a year now and i must say i continue to love this phone .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
after a couple months ,  i am very happy with my selection .
i ordered this to lighten the look of my num_extend and it does the trick .
this product also seems to work well to reduce glare .
if you like a lot of color you will love this one .
i have several other pieces and they all work great .
i really like my new otterbox commuter series iphone case for my num_extend
i am just so thrilled with this jar .
well worth it for that price . to the other reviewer about verizon .
this one does it just like it should .
you can even bend the handle to the perfect angle that you like .
this one works just like it should and the teeth on the back make cleaning a breeze .
i recommend it to anyone with this phone .
i ve only had this juicer about num_num weeks but i absolutely love it .
it s the best price i could find for them that doesn t involve a coupon .
i liked that it kept the headset secure and i did not have to worry about it falling out .
this is good for about num_num full charge to the iphone num_extend
this is a gift for my young granaughter that loves all creatures ,  big and small .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
i have purchased this brand before and was very satisfied with the product .
i bought this due to raves in the customer column and was not disappointed .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
lastly the red looks pretty good contrasted with a black iphone .
you will be amazed at the quality of the brew from a burr grinder .
the fact that they re downright inexpensive is just a bonus .
very sturdy case ,  feels like the phone is well protected .
i will try to upload a picture at a later date ,  but i have loved this .
worked out great ,  got a much better charge for a lot longer than the original battery .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
this product is good for making iced tea .
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
this is an absolutely wonderful little item that i am in love with .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
other than that ,  this is a great product !  .
i also bought these because they were cooks illustrated recommended .
they are not priced the cheapest but that is because there products are high quality .
the price of these knives in europe is much better than in the usa .
it is exactly what i hoped it would be .
i highly recommend this product and would buy it again if i ever needed too .
we have made so many tasty dishes with this thing its unreal .
this is by far the best charger i have owned .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
so all in all another well designed product .
i m happy to say mine are still going strong after three months .
this is my favorite of the num_num graters that i purchased .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
i have a black phone and the white cover makes it look so cute .
i have no doubt it will do it s job extremely well .
all in all this product worked as advertised .
i would buy this again and i highly recommend it .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
i ve had several friends use this phone on the job and they ve all loved it .
i ve been cooking for num_num years ,  been there done that !  for the price ,  this product performs relatively well .
i also like that it can be used with or without the earloop .
we have had this grinder for about num_num years now and we love it .
i think that the price is right ,  and my product arrived early .
i like this product and would buy again .
it does a great job on my well water ,  which was good to begin with .
this is a great product that charges most of my devices with one charge of the unit itself .
i haven t used them yet but really looking forward to the experience .
this mixer is great and will last a long time .
it doesn t take up too much space ,  but it is powerful .
these pans have been very good for me .
i ve seen other brands ,  but will stick with a winner .
this thing gets every last bit of juice out that is for sure .
i bought this along with the triple minute lg num_extend phone and i am really pleased with both .
what a surprise !  it must have to do with cuisinart s heat transfer or something .
love it !  this is my second one !  i had my first for many years and literally wore it out .
recommended !  i like mine so much that i just bought a spare .
i like having this tool at my disposal .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i really cant say enough good about this product .
i would recommend both this product and the seller .
i thought it would be white but it s more of a light grey ,  which i am very happy with .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
i have an apartment with wooden floors and i am so happy i went with this vacuum !  .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i was skeptical about this grader but now that i have it and use it i am very impressed .
this product is far more sturdy with better design .
this pyrex dish is just the right size for what i need .
the best ,  so far has been the jabra extreme num_num and the blue ant num_extend
this is a good durable product that works as advertised .
i ve had this for several months and it s great .
they are the best i have ever bought .
should have gotten this a long time ago !  !  !  you will really love it ,  too !  .
there is just so much this phone has to offer .
this product was just what i needed in my new kitchen .
i like the shape of the cups very much .
this is the best of all that i have tried .
this one does a great job and works very well .
you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i like this because it really looks clean after washing it .
i also really like the size ,  they work well for a right sized drink .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
this product was completely worth the money spent !  .
great buy ! if you are obsessed with every ground being the same size ,  you ll want to invest in something else .
i would recommend buying a clear protector to the phone with this product .
i have replaced the battery ,  with the thicker one ,  it still works .
i only had the device for several days now but so far i am extremely happy with the num_extend
i think i will still order the blue one and give this one as a gift when it arrives .
this was assembled very quickly under num_num minutes  and is extremely sturdy .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
i really enjoy the rocker weight on top instead of my old weight with num_num different pressure settings .
i believe that they fixed that design flaw .
any screen protector that would have come with it would be useless ,  anyway . the fit is very good .
this item is a great size and quality .
does what it supposed to do and does it well .
this is much better than the weber model all around .
i ve bought this pot set num_num months ago and i m very happy with it .
for the price and shipping ,  i would recommend this product .
without a doubt ,  this is the best way to make popcorn .
in any event i ve very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this product .
this is pretty much what we were looking for .
this product is one of those little things that makes life easier on you .
i received this canner for christmas last year ,  and it has received quite a workout over the summer .
they fit great and didnt have any problems with them whil moving around .
lodge is a company that is known for their quality ,  and this product is no exception .
like others have said here ,  the screwdriver set is solid and good quality and will last forever .
i think this product is great and i would recommend it .
this is a great little gadget . i got it today and have been using it ever since .
this toaster oven is much better than those of num_num years ago .
being able to get more bags at such a reasonable price and with free shipping was great .
i ve had this set for num_num months now ,  and am very happy with it .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i have no issues at all with this item and has held up very well .
i loved this product so much that i m going to order one for my num_extend now .
i have corelle ware going back over num_num years ,  it s amazing .
my personal experience with this machine has been generally positive .
i was happy with this case with a cool look .
i have had them for over num_num years and they are still going strong .
i really like this set of cutting surfaces .
i trust the brand and even though they were cheap ,  they worked fine .
i bought this breadmaker since it seemed to have the most good reviews ,  and i have not been disappointed .
once again ,  oxo delivers a quality kitchen product .
i love it this product !  !  !  i have very crooked arthritic hands and had no trouble holding the steamer .
i bought this case for my epic num_extend and love it .
i ve never had a problem with it working and it is very sturdy .
it is huge !  !  !  exactly what i wanted !  !  !  i can fit more than num_num utensils on it @ a time .
i ve used this wok for the past num_num months or so ,  and like it a lot .
they look like they will hold up well .
these seem like a great set of measuring spoons .
i just know that what is inside that jar is fresh .
they both make great iced tea ,  but i think this product is more compact and easier to clean .
the different pieces are enjoyable to use . the handle isn t anything special ,  but that s okay .
i like them ,  i like their tin ,  i like how they nest .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
they were a nice size ,  vibrant color ,  and have a great design .
they work fine for me .  . i have had about num_num months .  . work great . i did give num_num to my grand daughter .
these screen protectors are definitley worth more than what i paid .
these were really good cases ,  used them right until i got a new phone .
however ,  after a few months and several dozen cans ,  it is certainly doing it s job .
other than that i would recommend this product .
we got this set for our rv but will probably order two more for our home .
this is the second one i brought ,  and it s better than the first .
i m not going to lie to you and say that this is the best knife i own .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
they come in a set of num_num which is a good steal .
they have made this unit a  must have  for their kitchen .
i would recommend buying a set for yourself and one to keep on hand as a gift .
i was really pleased at how different my coffee tasted after using this grinder .
i bought this item on november num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
the infuser doesn t work all that well but this thing will keep your tea hot all day .
they are by far the most useful bowls i have ever encountered .
this one is made of very heavy plastic and seals nice .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
i heard a lot of good things about this case ,  so i decided to give it a try .
i thought this would be a nice novelty item ,  but it turned out to be extremely practical .
this case looks cool and feels good in your hands .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
people have been able to hear me very well while driving and even while playing volleyball .
read the reviews and seemed like a good choice .
i like that i have the option of how many tiers to use at one time .
with such a great case they could have come up with a better belt clip .
i m very satisfied with this cover for my evo .
i will be buying this again for her .
still in great working shape after over num_num years .
purchased this product and i am very pleased with it .
this device is just perfect and even better for the price .
after the first use ,  i am very pleased that we made the purchase .
fantastic !  !  ! it really does work as well as advertised .
yes ,  this product is a little  pricey  but it more than does the job .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
as a wusthof fan for over num_num years ,  i was happy to see this set of small paring knives .
coffee flavor is very clean and well extracted .
very pleased ,  i would recommend this product and i will buy from these guys again .
this case cost me less than $ and it was well worth it .
this looks good and is very handy when you want to walk around with your phone .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
it s very convenient to carry id and a credit card with me and just have the phone .
brought new life into a great phone thats over num_num years old .
this is a very high quality product that we use all the time in our kitchen .
they look like they will hold up well .
i ve never cooked with cast iron before ,  and there is definitely a difference .
in my opinion ,  this is the best cookware for your money .
love this brand ,  and love the improvements they have made since i purchased my first one in num_extend
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
this mixer does the heavy leg work for you and it does the job well .
i have had this blender for several years num_extend it works great .
i definitely would purchased from this seller again .
they seem to work very well as we have not had a problem with our machine .
i have bought several more for my relatives and they are happy with it .
love the fact that it comes with num_num different size cutters for smaller veggies too .
case came very fast and in excellent condition .
also ,  this price from amazon was the best .
does what it s supposed to do and looks very nice ,  too .
i have num_num different sets of these and love them for muffins .
i like it so much i just bought another for a num_extend timer to time two things .
i ve owned this wok for five years and have been satisfied with it .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
i needed something small for side dishes and this num_num quart is perfect .
these screen protectors are definitley worth more than what i paid .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
i ve tried it twice and it does work .
the otterbox commuter series provides great protection and fits perfectly .
i m happy with this product ,  but i do wish the top hook would swivel .
people i call claim that the sound is clear and crisp .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
i was impressed with the quality of the suction cup .
i ve been using these mugs for year and i still love them .
and the fact that this is made in the usa is even more astounding .
these glasses may be cheap on amazon ,  but they look and feel great ,  with a great weight to them .
i bought this set for myself and have been very happy so far .
i would recommend them and will continue to buy them .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
that said it seems to work well on other knives .
i originally received this product and my fiancee ,  the phone user ,  enjoyed using this battery .
i feel this is the best case i have used for a phone .
i feel more confident using this roaster than an actual beer can .
for all this ,  the unit works well ,  mostly because of the rotating brush .
i got it together in less than num_num minutes and was able to clean my carpets immediately .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
you have to insert them well into your ear .
this is an amazing product ,  have an incredible sound and the battery is excellent .
i took a vacation home for num_num weeks and enjoyed the use of this product there .
this product is well designed and made ,  not perfect .
i bought this and then my son started using it a lot .
i used to use swifter vac before i bought this one and thought it was working great .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
i am glad that i purchased this cradle .
i have been using this case on my num_extend for num_num months and it s still in great condition .
definitely worth the little bit i paid for them !  .
this is an heirloom that will last forever if taken care of .
my wife and i love making fresh pasta with this .
i would recommend this case to another buyer .
this product does what it is suppose to !  i recommend this product .
i tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great .
i have been using this slicer a good bit now .
they re well made and they make me feel like i m at my own restaurant with my own frosted mugs .
the case does not provide protection to the screen ,  but does look very nice .
so after a couple of days i was fine with the design .
it still works just as well as the first time we used it .
i followed the directions and let the filter soak num_num times and i ve been drinking good water ever since .
i used this pan for the first time last night and it is simply great .
i would recommend this for people any day .
i ve tried several different fillings and all have turned out just perfect .
thirdly the time it took to get here was amazing ,  i would buy this product again  !  .
the most appealing thing about this machine is the easy clean up .
that with the few extra features make for a good product .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
the headphones work well with my old studio xps num_num and my new xps num_extend and my galaxy num_extend
this thing is awesome !  once you figure out how to use it that is .
it is by far my favorite mount and i will never waste my money on another one ever again .
aside from that though ,  great product !  clean up is very easy .
this item certainly outperforms anything else i have used in the past .
i have never been a cuisinart fan but they got it right with this one .
the first one i bought about num_num years ago still works .
i ve had them for years now and they re just great .
i have num_num of these bookcases ,  and i m very happy with this .
we have the num_num inch and num_num inch; love them both .
i ve dropped my phone more than once with this case on and it protects it extremely well .
the coasters are very well made and have no issues with the finish .
if you are looking for a blue willow teapot to love ,  buy this one ,  you will not be disappointed .
i really like this little gadget ,  it has a large capacity .
great quality as is expected from corelle products .
it was shipped fast and well packed ,  and the price was better than buying a new one .
now they have this case friendly protector and it worked great .
i have one for each of our cars and they both work well .
i cannot imagine being without this neat gadget in my kitchen !  .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
it does work well after breaking it in .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
we found it took about num_num minutes on full power to cook to perfection .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
these funnels gripe and stay upright when you use them .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
very happy with results . very happy with this product .
i would love to buy this for someone . p . s .
this is by far the best whisk i have ever owned .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
i love these cases .  .  . i ve now had num_num because i am a little rough on them .
i have had them for over num_num years and they are still going strong .
this is a great headset but i switched to the motorola num_extend for several reasons .
i bought them as a gift for her and she enjoys them .
i like how nice it makes my phone look very nice .
i used to put clothes pins on a regular wire hanger ,  but this is much ,  much better .
i would strongly suggest you consider an extra bowl .
i am well pleased with this product and most definitely recommend it .
i brought several of these and they work well .
i think it flares out more than the original so it has a bigger diameter .
i love all that comes with this ,  usb charger ,  car charger ,  and wall charger .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
aside from that ,  it does the job just fine !  !  .
this case has a snug fit and seems much more sturdy that the otterbox .
i like it the first time i used it .
this is a good deal if you have someone that is technical enough to take apart your phone .
i also like how it has a plastic cover for the screen .
what else can i say . i would recommend it to anyone .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i bought this for my girlfriend and she likes it .
this flexible mobile phone holder will mold around just about anything . try it and you ll like it ,  .
i like this one because it s bigger than the usual square ones .
and it is as good as movie theater popcorn .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
i certainly will shop with this company again .
but then i noticed that this actually helped it stay on better .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
this is awesome ,  ,  very handy just to charge and have .
doesn t give off too much heat and works great with this pot !  .
i have sharpened it a few times with good results .
the rice comes out great when making the small or large amounts .
would i purchase it again for a gift yes ,  do i recommend it ,  absolutely yes .
well ,  they are made much nicer than the ones that came with the mixer i have .
you can t ask to behave as a wifi hotspot with this small battery . gps is accurate and fast .
very easy to clean and would reccommend this product .
so far num_num more have been purchased with my recommendation and they are all happy as clams . way to go !  !  .
their particular talents are those the other reviewers have noted .
you can make them sweet or savory which ever you like it is very easy !  .
i have this on my phone and love it .
it probably doesn t perform any better than other brands ,  but does look nice though .
i think i will keep this on my list for gifts in the future .
as other reviewers have noted ,  this is good calphalon equipment .
i would recommend this product for what it is and for easy storage .
they either work really well ,  or they produce their own dust .
this mug ,  without a doubt ,  is the best insulated travel mug ever put on the market .
i have other items by nordic ware and have always been pleased with them .
this does the job well  room is now even  and doesn t make to much noise on low .
i am pleased with the knives ,  could not care less about the box .
i would buy this pot again and recommend it to friends .
other than that i really like this product .
they are a little shorter than i d like appearance wise ,  but tasted delicious .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
this blender works well but time will tell .
when used right this is better than any coffee shop !  i find you must use fine ground espresso .
i only used this once so far  , but i like it ,  sure saves a lot of work for me .
every day i try something new and i m really enjoying learning with this machine .
the battery life is good and the sound quality is acceptable .
my carpets look great and if i could give this cleaner num_num stars ,  i would .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
instructions were simple and easy and everything i canned ,  which was a lot , turned out great .
bought the steamer insert as well making this pan even more versatile .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
yes ,  i would recommend this to a friend .
this item is much better than the one i got with my phone .
it s just one of those things everyone should have in their cabinet to make life easier .
this is the best case !  i have a num_extend old and he loves to play with my phone .
still works after num_num monthsworth the $ i bought it for . get this if u need it ,  good value .
i love oxo products ,  and this is no exception .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
been slicing like a pro ever since these things came in .
i will recommend this to other and i will buy it again .
if i don t use them to make calls then i listen to music or audiobooks . the range is pretty good .
look on amazon and got this one for more than half of the price .
this item turned out to be even more handy than expected .
you are ,  after all ,  sticking it in your ear . i love this product .
i really like this ladle because it s got a large capacity .
i have gone through several of these and this is by far the best one i have owned .
this counter is so handy because of many things .
it s great for people who are trying to lose weight .
it really does have a great soft leather feel .
this really does the job a lot better than a spatula .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
very versitile !  i use it daily !  perfect for large meals  we have num_num mouths to feed  .
this is the best cooling rack i have ever seen .
even if you are not a daily zester ,  this is a good purchase to have around .
i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
this battery is great !  it was shipped immediately and even arrived with almost a full charge .
i like it the first time i used it .
this battery works as well as the original battery that came with the phone .
i really like these ,  i ordered them in red .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
it s easy to put on and it doesn t add too much bulk to the phone .
i thought about trying another that test kitchen recommended but i just really like this one .
installed num_num years ago and still just as pleased as the day it was installed .
this turns out to be a pretty nice case .
like the title says ,  worked and fit great .
my other one is num_num years old and still working great ,  so i bought this one for my son .
she says that it is a really nice case at an affordable price .
have had several other brands but this one by far produces the hottest coffee .
i love that you don t have to worry about plugging this in .
we re so happy to not have to buy another pressure cooker ,  let s hope it goes another num_num years !  .
they still look nice ,  though ,  but not as shiny as the amazon picture .
i ve baked num_num cakes in less than a week ,  and all came out perfect .
but this is good because it had at least num_num more size than usual .
we played with them and like them good .
i ve had this for num_num months now and this grinder is the best .
it works as you would have expected it too .
they really need one really large round . everyone that sees this product loves it .
the suction was good presented no issues . one thing that i figured out after a day that was really nice .
but that is a wish ,  not a product defect . overall ,  i am happy with this device .
i especially like the ring that holds them together .
good enough . this is just what i was looking for .
we love cuisinart products and this coffee pot is no exception .
if i can find a place for the third i will be buying it again .
so i thought this would help me and him .
hope it helps others if they have similar issues .
this is the second calphalon spatula i have purchased and i am very pleased with them both .
going on num_num years now with this great set !  .
i like this product and would recommend it to a friend .
highly recommend this little kettle !  ! edit num_extend still boiling ,  no problems after num_num years .
she really loves to interact with the screen .
i decided to keep this product because i love it ,  love it .
would recomend it to anybody and already have .
would definitely recommend this product over the costly name brands .
i am actually very pleased with this product .
i love this item so much ,  that i purchased another for my beach home .
this is a very useful item to keep in your kitchen .
i would recommend it to everyone who s cell phone s battery doesn t last longer than it should .
this is a good machine that does what it is supposed to do .
this case doesn t seem very protective against drops or falls ,  but it is a great fit .
well worth the money because this will be the last press i buy .
we re impressed with this line and are likely to buy more .
i love this case its really cute and it looks just like the picture .
the reviews were positive for me to take the plunge and purchase one .
i also like how it respond to my voice commands to pick up the phone when it s ringing .
i will be buying this again for her .
i decided to purchase this one and am very happy with it .
but even with that she really ,  really likes it .
i am obsessed with phone cases and i love this one .
i got this in a very timely manor and they have held up through everything .
also ,  num_num screen protectors were included for free !  good quality screen protectors .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
this one is a greater value than the one i bought the first time .
it s perfect for our little antique school desk which is about num_num inches high .
it works like new and i have had zero problems with it for this first year .
i m amazed by how very much i like this oven .
otherwise ,  quality board that i assume will last me for years to come .
i have had very good results with this hot plate .
otherwise are a good deal and work well .
this mitt is a must have if you use cast iron a lot .
i really like the look and functionally of this item .
we have had great coffee from this machine from the beginning .
this was the easiest ice cream i ve ever made .
our family of num_num has been using this toaster for num_num years now and it works like new .
i use it with my motorola razr num_extend and it works great .
num_extend num_extend tagged youtube videos work well with this num_extend
looks just like the picture and good quality .
this item works well as spare parts for the iphone num_extend
it s great !  it heats up in about num_num minutes ,  then cooks each waffle in about num_num minutes or less .
this is a product that works just as advertised .
i have been using this product for many years ,  and i highly recommend it for red wines .
this cover is the best thing i have found yet .
it comes with multiple blades so you can have different size noodles .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
really sturdy and not to difficult to clean .
this product works well on spots in my rug every time .
this item is very cheaply made ,  but works great !  it froths milk like a pro ,  and it s fast .
in terms of value for your money ,  this machine is a winner .
i ve had mine a little over a year now and it s the best i ve found .
after using this item for months i am % happy with it .
this case fits the ipod touch like a glove .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
it also supports pairing with two phones which could be handy for some people .
granted ,  you pay a bit more for ateco but it is a much better product .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
for the money ,  this phone works really well .
otterbox has great quality and the price here is definitely worth it .
they were easy to use and work well .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
fills up right away  no delay with water in top part  love it !  .
this is the best power pack device i have found .
i ve been using this fan for nearly a month now ,  and am quite pleased with its performance .
i just got it and i really like this kettle .
i really like this set because it makes it easier to ensure you have the right measure .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
i got the magpul quality i have come to expect .
this phone beats the android phones with it s web os operating system .
i ve been through about num_num different car chargers and this seems to be the best .
i have all num_num sizes of the lecreuset braiser with my latest being the num_num quart which is great .
i would recommend ordering from them ,  you will be just as happy as i am .
i just purchased this headset and so far i think this was a good choice .
thanks !  i will buy from you guys again .
this case actually works very well for his htc evo .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  this product is nice and heavy .
they grip well and make pouring a breeze .
i ve tried a lot of wireless headsets ,  and this is hands down the best .
nice case i change out my cases often so it does add quality to my phone .
i thought about amazon like i always do and i fell in love with this color .
this is without a doubt the best peeler i ve ever used .
when i found this set ,  i was elated and am not at all disappointed with the quality .
but the battery worked well ,  and was better than the original .
the perfect location to plug into my stereo with the headphone jack line out .
the stainless steel is nice and heavy ,  which i associate with good stainless steel .
seems like this is one of the only cast iron brands that you can buy ,  they ve done it right !  .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i purchased this item several years ago ,  and it is still going strong .
i use other discs that came with the food processor more and am very happy with it .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
i have nothing but praise for this product .
they were right .  .  . very good peeler that will last a long time .
i am very impressed with the amazonbasics line .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
i ve used this set for about num_num years now and it still looks like new .
cast iron sears like nothing else because it s big and heavy and holds heat very well .
would recommend it for small and large canning needs .
i use it a great deal of the time and will get another one soon .
have used the basic vanilla receipe in the instruction book with excellent results .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
it fits great and i would recommend it to anyone .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
came home and checked amazon and there they were !  !  !  !  he is very happy with them .
i ve been using this product for over a year with consistant ,  excellent results .
i have tried every thin stylus sold by amazon and without a doubt this is the best .
i think i will buy another set soon .
i ve used num_num screen protectors while i ve had my evo and this is tops .
steam  em !  this steamer is sturdier than all the others i have had in the past .
the only problem is that it is not hot pink ,  it s more purple than pink but it s still cute .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
i use this is a lot of my baking and have had good results with it .
i purchased this as a store display for a very good price .
i m looking forward to getting a lifetime of use out of this ,  and will shortly add some other sizes .
this is the best pepper mill i have ever seen .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
smooth and much quieter than hamilton beach and cheaper brands .
i will probably buy another just to be able to add variety to my life .
great product and you can see my other reviews on the corelle ware that i have purchased here .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
feel it can last very long and worth the money .
this has that corn perfectly steamed in num_num minutes .
i would rate this product worth at least $
i could have spent a lot more but this is perfect for my needs .
i really like the feel of this case .
this stuff stinks !  but then that is why it works so well to attract flys .
well ,  i had a headstart on using this and i have loved it from the beginning .
it came with its original box and accessories .
the best thing about this particular piece is the lid .
i bought some and they work perfectly ,  so i have no problems with this maker now .
even though these clips are small ,  they are really sturdy .
my wife and i have already used this product a couple of times ,  and it s worked great so far .
this food processor is perfect for my uses .
i bought these knives about two years ago and they re still going strong .
i knew i would love these tortilla bowls the first time i saw them .
i don t have any issues with the fit and so far it has worked well .
well done oxo ! but i ,  unlike several other reviewers ,  do have a need for the bigger version .
this is seriously the best case i have ever owned .
i have found that this blender does just that .
i gave this five stars because it is so cute and exactly what i wanted .
we just bought this one to have a bigger size .
one of the best things i have ever bought for the kitchen !  .
if you can t ,  this one will make your life safer and a bit easier .
contacted amazon and they took care of everything very fast .
last one lasted num_num years !  hope this will last as well .
i was happy to see that they were still made them .
i had seen it being sold at the mall for $ this one is just as good .
i would buy this one again if i ever need one .
as others have said ,  these work fine and are inexpensive .
we like that you can charge the case and phone at the same time .
i have never been so organized and on top of things .
would recommend this product to anyone looking for something similar .
these are so much easier to use than the regular measuring cups .
this case fits snug and makes my evo num_extend look like a new phone .
good earpiece for the money !  !  shipping was fast ,  would definitely buy from this seller again !  !  .
this is a great solution for that and they don t take up much space .
has a nice lip to help protect the screen when you lay the phone down screen side down .
this thing does exactly what it is supposed to do and it does it well .
easy to install ,  up and running in less than num_num mins !  !  !  .
i purchased this because it got a good review on cooks illustrated .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
this actually works great ,  because they pulverize vs chop .
i know that these are $ but i think that they re worth the money .
all are fine quality and well worth the money .
i will be coming back for more !  thank you .
otherwise i think that you will be happy with this unit .
i am looking forward to making some great holiday cookies .
num_num stars because they are well built headphones .
the quality is great and i have no problems with them at all .
i can t say enough good things about this norpro stainless steel colander .
i ended up buying another steel for my daughter and now she has sharp knives as well .
this was a gift !  the history of the brita water filters are excellent ,  i would recommend this to everyone .
i also like that this has a steel lid and handles .
i bought this for my mother ,  because she has always wanted one her whole life .
i would recommend this mirro food press to everyone that likes to can .
i thought  let me check amazon  and there they were and a good price too !  !  .
a year after purchasing this ,  however ,  i find that it still works perfectly for me .
i bought num_num of these as gifts and everyone likes them a lot .
thin and flexible so it doesn t take too much space when packed .
microplane is so much better than other brands i have used .
if you just want some nice sharp ,  durable steak knives these are the ones you want .
this product works well and is high quality .
the shields worked well and did what they were supposed to for over six months .
keeping that in mind ,  i would still highly recommend it because mine works like a charm .
its num_num months later and she still loves them and thanks me often for them .
so i thought this would help me and him .
boils water in no time and even looks great just sitting around .
it is great ,  my son loves it and we will order again .  .  .  . please take this review this time .
it does work well with the fm transmitter as well .
this is the quality i expect from this german company .
i picked this up in the purple color and it is a perfect for the ipod touch num_extend gen  .
i have num_num different appliances of this brand and happy with each .
i love these cases just because they look really pretty .
i ordered this bumper because my favorite color is green ,  and i really liked the way it looked .
if you are looking for a quality bluetooth for nothing more than phone calls than this one is great .
this battery is much better than the stock one .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
this is a nice size bread box that holds about three loaves of bread .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
this has made pasta making num_num times better .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
they have had no problems with it and were very happy to receive it . recommended .
i really like this case and wish that they made this for the iphone .
it s worth it s money ,  you buy it and you won t have to buy another one ever again .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
this item arrived in perfect condition ,  and fit my mixer .
i m very happy with my purchase of this machine .
callers tell me that they can hear me very well .
still trust these filters to do the job and have been buying for several years .
i wasnt disappointed either as they seem to be a good quality product and they sound great .
bought it based off of the reviews and popularity .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
sounds great ,  looks great ,  comes with many good accessories ,  but the battery is only num_num hours long .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
it was very nice ,  and works just like a mirror .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
i also like the fact that it is small but still does the job .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
after all ,  i am quite satisfied with this product .
i would recommend this item to family and friends .
this press is cheap ,  easy to clean , and works well .
i ve had these shallow bowls for a few years now and they are well worth the money .
with such a great case they could have come up with a better belt clip .
never had any other problems . i am satisfied with this product .
while i don t cook that much ,  they are exactly what i need .
i ve been using it on a weekly basis for over num_num years ,  and it still runs great .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
they look great with any place setting on your table .
i know they are expensive but they are so good .
i haven t had any problems with it and would definitely recommend this model to other people .
the quality was good enough that we couldn t tell whether we were using the bt or just the phone .
i ordered two of these and they work very well .
i think they will keep up the support for at least num_num more years .
we have been using ours for about num_num years and it is still going strong .
i am actually very pleased with this product .
this seems to be a good quality ,  heavy duty item .
i love these and will never go back to wood cutting boards again .
this is just right for what i wanted .
i first saw these in my daughter s home and fell in love with the feel of them .
there are so many uses for this product that i can t rave enough .
also this pan would make a very good weapon if an intruder ever broke into your home .
works just like the one that came with my phone .
it also has a nice shine to it making your phone look shiny new .
i ll try to keep this review short and to the point . the size and shape is ideal .
also proved good on the area rugs . i am happy with this product .
i ve had this for a little over num_num months now ,  and i am thrilled with it .
what they do they do well and they do right .
they are plastic ,  but seem solid and well made .
sounds just as good as some num_extend earphones that i ve tried around the malls .
i love this knife !  it makes me look forward to cooking every day .
i was very satisfied with that ,  especially with the leak proof system .
and the price was low so i would recommend this case .
even on the lowest setting ,  this thing is definitely a wind machine .
used this for the first time this morning and it worked well .
we tried this machine and it really took care of business .
you ll have to keep them clean even though they re organized .
this is a super peeler !  very happy with this purchase !  .
it has worked just fine now for going on two years .
this has been one of the best replacement phones that i have ever used .
another thing i like is the purple color lids .
still giving num_num stars because its a really good deal .
this is the best knife i have ever used .
i would recommend this to anyone for popping pop corn .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
i have to say that i bought these knives and i am very happy with them .
it has a soft backing so it will not scratch your table top .
i believe that you will like this product .
they re easy to clean and seem very sturdy .
there are so many uses for this product that i can t rave enough .
but other than that i am very happy with this purchase .
i am well pleased with this product and most definitely recommend it .
this was one thing i was looking for and this product has it .
your marbles will be safe from the num_num year old ,  and clean when you need them .
plus ,  because it doesn t have a contact plate ,  it is much more reliable .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
these are supposed to be the best and work very well for me .
it is just like the one i got with my android phone ,  so it works great .
this unit came in and was packed very good and safe for transport .
i have used it every day since getting it .
this is great grill ,  like the other foreman grills .
otherwise ,  i really like it and have been able to spot clean with it .
works good with my iphone num_extend say they hear me just fine with my windows up .
it is a good value for the money .
this is the best case i have ever head for my phone .
i love garlic paste with little oil and salt that comes out of this mortar .
my first set is about num_num years old and looks as good as my num_extend set .
the quality of the material is higher than i would have expected .
i have arthritis in my hands and find these are quite comfortable to use .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
this opener works so well its hard to tell it is actually doing it s job .
i got this set about num_num years ago and we just love them .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
this is the best way to cook bacon i have ever used .
hopefully the above trick will make this last much longer .
other than that ,  we have loved using this when we make sushi at home .
i have to say this is the nicest case i have seen .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
i ve owned mine for a year ,  and love it !  if i could give it num_num stars i would .
it s nice that almost a year later there are no issues with this machine .
i will be using this in our rv and it is exactly what i needed .
we love drying apples and making turkey jerky in this product .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this product .
this looks nice and should be in every kitchen .
the more quiet your car is ,  the better this product will work for you .
i ve tried about num_num different headsets from different mfgs and these are the best ones so far .
very well made product as is the pot rack i purchased from the same company .
it does just what they said it woulkd do .
this item is a must have for anyone with a htc evo num_extend
i love these and so does my boyfriend who uses them for pretty much everything  buttering toast ?  really ?   .
it it also very good looking and feels solidly made .
this is a great investment and works better than products that cost three times as much .
having said that ,  it still functions well ,  heats quickly ,  and does everything i want a nonstick skillet to do .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
we have used ours for two years now and are very happy with this product .
this was the easiest ice cream i ve ever made .
buy it ,  do not hesitate because you will love this cake pan too !  !  !  .
recommend this item for anyone who bakes routinely .
these are extremely well made ,  in italy ,  and you will not regret your purchase .
i ve used a lot of kettles and this one is my favorite by far .
other than that switch hole business ,  its perfect !  .
make no mistake this knife has an excellent feel to it in your hand .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
i tried several other kinds ,  and some are okay ,  but this one is better .
this charger works great with my galaxy num_extend
we love the taste of freshly ground coffee .
purchased this at a great price from amazon  go amazon !   .
this thing is great !  bacon cooks twice as fast with the pressure and the heat the product holds .
they are not made for this ,  they are storage caps and they are wonderful when used as storage caps .
i hope this one lasts longer than the other .
i really like the feel of the fabric tip on the screen .
i received it as a gift as my bridal shower and have not been disappointed .
these pans are just what i was looking for and much better quality than i expected .
these batteries fit perfectly and by all accounts appear to have returned the phones to their original battery life .
even though this is an older model ,  it is fun to use and works well .
they work great on both the iphone num_num and num_extend
but it worth more than what i paid for it .
i walked about num_num feet away from my phone at the gym and still had crystal clear quality .
best i have ever used and for the great price ,  its just great .
this particular model is made in japan which is a big plus from my perspective .
i bought two of these ,  olne for my girlfriend and myself ,  and we like them .
the fact that they come apart ,  it makes it very easy to clean .
overall ,  i was so pleased with this product that i bought another set for my mom s droid num_extend
i was a little concerned about getting the curve and tip right ,  but really ,  it is easy to do .
so everything looks like new after day by day use .
i really like this set of stainless steel measuring cups .
i will be buying this again for her .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
this pot is of excellent quality and makes the best tasting coffee ever .
i might order another one just to have it cause you cant beat the price and product .
they protect the screen very well and have had no problems with them .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
i like that fact that they can be used with my cell phone .
other than that ,  i am really happy with this product and i would recommend it !  .
it charges the iphone super fast ,  compare to other chargers .
these are really worth the price i paid .
this is a well made pan that i have no issues with .
after about a week with the device i can say that this device fits in pocket very well .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
the plastic layer is strong enough to protect the phone against impact .
as other reviewers have mentioned the blue light is very bright .
i would recommend it to anyone who slips their phone in and out of their pocket for instance .
four months after purchasing ,  it is still performing like the day i got it !  .
i will order them again when we need them .
i really like making brownies with this bowl .
it does the job very well ,  even at the low setting .
whenever you re ready  after num_num minutes or so  you ve got perfect rice .
they do not leak when squeezed and are easy to use with my arthritic hands .
it does have a few issues ,  but i can put up with them for how well it works .
i bought this for my wife and she swears it s the best thing i ve ever purchased online .
he has had this case for a good num_num months and its still holding up strong .
it came with three ear bud covers ,  the smallest of which is the best fit for me .
i have probably used it over num_num times ,  and every time has been wonderful .
i would recommend this product to anyone that cook things that splatter from a fry pan .
however this is the best and it s less than $ delivered .
i love my my phone; despite ,  the mark on the cover that will not come off .
after num_num weeks of use ,  we are very happy .
this is light enough that i can carry it around .
this is the best hand mixer i have ever used .
i purchased num_extend num_num for each car and they work great .
i am totally in love with this cooker .
this product is just fine and i have no problem with it and it fits the phone just fine .
it does what it is supposed to do and has been doing it for years .
these little tables work well for the purpose i needed .
i m very pleased with this purchase at such a great price .
they will work well in any coffee maker one cup or two cup .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
we have been using this product for sometime now ,  makes fantastic rice .
how well they work depends on what you want to use them for .
i will buy again when i run out ,  can t beat the price .
it s a hard plastic case that fits well .
after only num_num minutes i had some of the most amazing ice cream i have ever had .
not only does it protect the iphone very well ,  but it is also comfortable .
i like the look and feel of this product .
very nice color ,  just as seen on the picture .
i bought this device about num_num months ago and have been extremely happy with the results .
have been very robust after num_num months of constant use .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
got this for my son t nokia s num_num and works fine with an igo charger anywhere unit .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
since then ,  it s been a great choice to buy .
certainly prefer this over the plastic tamper that comes with the machine .
i love this pot ,  i use it more than any other .
there are many more out there ,  but you will cover all the bases with this tip set .
bought this for my galaxy note num_num it works wonderfully great .
i love this headset .  .  . and i will tell you num_extend
i have been using my oster expressbake for years and love it .
i just got mine after reading several reviews on this model .
i ve had it for over num_num months and it looks new even with lots of use .
they are the best ,  which you can tell from all the num_num star reviews .
i will definitely buy this product again when i need to replace these .
it is clearly worth the small price i paid .
i ordered this one from amazon and it fits well .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
it has a good feel and protects the phone well .
i ordered these cases because i figured i d get them for a great price .
the reason i gave them a high rating is because they are worth the low price charged .
they are very tight and i like them very much .
i have been using the culling an filter for a w years and i m very pleased .
we will be buying from this dealer again !  we love it !  .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
even if it isn t always this good ,  it s definitely better than before .
i am more than satisfied with this product .
less than num_num minutes with a metal file broke these hard edges nicely . overall ,  a great tool for the price .
there are many great reviews out there for this product ,  which is why i purchased it .
shipping came on time and i am really happy with this product .
i have a feeling this kitchen gadget is going to last for years !  .
i ve baked num_num cakes in less than a week ,  and all came out perfect .
i purchased this for my niece ,  she loves her phone and likes to switch around the cases .
we have num_num other fairly expensive sets $ + per set  ,  but i like this one equally .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
this is a very nice accessory package for the sandisk num_extend player .
plantronics products have been pretty reliable in my experience .
i love this product because of its size and durability .
it s great to have something simple that keep those edges really ,  really sharp .
i really like this product and intend on using it for a lifetime .
these are really good screen protectors they come with num_num front screen protectors and num_num back screen protectors .
plantronics products have been pretty reliable in my experience .
this is the best pan i ve ever bought .
i was very happy with my num_extend for the first num_num weeks .
this case has been the best case i ve bought in a long time .
i m a fan . if you make biscuits or cookies these are what you re looking for .
this is easy to use ,  and easy to clean .
i have tried other ways of grinding cinnamon but this krups num_num has done the best job .
belt clip is great to have; less crap in my pocket .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
after all ,  i am quite satisfied with this product .
if you only need one or a couple of corn on the cob this works great .
this batter holds the full charge very well .
i have used several of them over the years i have had my phone and they are great .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
this phone does everything from num_num megapixel cam to really good internet speeds .
these are all very handy to have and worth the money to keep around .
this is a quality product that i would purchase again .
we have used these and enjoy them greatly .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
after using this item for months i am % happy with it .
i think they are going to be doing a lot more reading now that they have their ,   cool library  .
this is exactly what i was looking for and arrived on time .
otherwise ,  if you re thinking about it ,  this is a great value !  .
as the other reviewers shared ,  this is perfect for the rowenta iron .
the other nice thing is that ,  unlike most other protectors ,  this covers the entire screen including the buttons .
it looks and feels like a quality product .
overall ,  this is a  must have  for all smart phone users .
this knife is nothing short of a work of art .
the light weight also makes it much easier to move the fan around .
i am pleased with this product and happy with it .
very happy with the purchase and would recommend .
if you re looking for a replacement ,  i would recommend this product !  .
and they are brand name ,  so i know they will work .
the range seems pretty good about num_num ft and still good reception .
so far ,  i tried them on the num_num inch pan and they adjust well the two together .
i purchased these around a year and a half ago ,  and have been very pleased .
magnet is strong enough to keep it closed even with phone in protective case .
i ve had this set for num_num months now ,  and am very happy with it .
this is my second pair of oxo locking tongs and i ve been pleased with both .
i have been playing with this for a few days now . its impressive .
around num_num minutes later you have a truly amazing ingredient .
this product took care of that problem for me .
i like this case and it will protect my iphone well .
using it with an apple cord for my iphone num_extend works like a charm .
i love my iphone and have never had a problem with it .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
i purchased this battery about a month ago and it s been a lifesaver .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
but i have used mine since num_num and it is still going strong .
the plastic handle is comfortable to grip and to apply pressure .
definitely worth the num_num minutes or so it takes to put it together .
very nice people to deal with and extremely knowledgeable about products .
or the k cups that most of those more expensive makers use . i got this today .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
i love it that this was only $ can t beat that price !  !  .
lol ,  i now have an interesting paper weight .
i have bought two of these and have been satisfied both times .
the most impressive part of this skin was the packaging .
i m glad we have two of these purifiers and i definitely think it s worth the num_num stars .
it runs many websites well and provides more pc like mobile functionality to the photon num_extend
great to give as a gift along with some other tea products .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
as other reviewers have mentioned this device is great for smashing garlic prior to peeling it .
i contacted them about it ,  and they were very friendly .
i have ordered other products from them and i m happier every time .
this is easy to use and powerful enough to do anything with .
these oils provide a more powerful flavor that can t be gotten with modern means in a home kitchen .
have one about thirty years old . like this one even better .
i have been using these for about a year and they still are just like new .
still ,  i am giving it num_num stars ,  because when it works it works very well .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
seems well built and num_num minutes is the perfect max .
however ,  at the time that i did have it ,  it worked very well .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
beautiful and i love it !  !  i could not have gotten a better deal anywhere else .
this is all we buy . take care of them and they will take care of you .
i have a white iphone num_extend and i like the white case with the touch of color .
this model will fit properly so you can enjoy your coffee .
one of my favorite cases that i have bought from amazon .
i really like this case !  it is really slim but also keeps my phone protected .
other than that ,  this knife does all the work for you .
so ,  what s nice about this matte covers is that they are inexpensive and you get three of them .
just follow the directions that come with the product .
they now have a good selection of android phones .
this was very easy to install and looks exactly like the oem screen .
gotta love something that lasts nearly num_num years  :   .
overall ,  i was so pleased with this product that i bought another set for my mom s droid num_extend
from a distance it looks like the real thing .
i loved everything about using this pan and will seek out this brand in the future .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
i ve had this cdn digital unit now for about num_num yrs now ,  and it has worked fine .
i would have been ok paying $  or even higher  for these and still be satisfied with the quality .
i have had mine for almost num_num years and it is still going strong .
they are also of good size meaning you don t have to fill them up too often .
there more expensive ones out there but this one works awesome !  .
i so like this juicer that now i will buy citrus to keep it working .
my wine has stayed fresh for num_num weeks or more using these stoppers .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
the first time i used this i loved it .
even though i own both ,  and this case is still my favorite .
this one was just the right size for that purpose .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
it is very sturdy and i don t think it would break easily .
this is a great bread knife that slices with ease .
i would rather have smaller holes or none at all ,  but so far ,  so good .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
this case will protect your phone from any drop and the colors are cute .
it looks good and gives me more cabinet space now that they aren t full of pots and pans .
this coat rack is well made with quality materials .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i was very happy to find this case for a great price .
they usually last for about num_num years so it is a great value .
i find the filters actually last up to a month longer than what the package says .
i washed them in the dishwasher and that worked well with no issues .
i ordered one set just to make sure i liked them .
i ve only had it num_num weeks ,  but so far i m happy . still love this cooker .
this is a very nice accessory package for the sandisk num_extend player .
the shipping took a little long but it got here and served me well .
these are the best screen protectors i have used ,  and i ve tried them all . there are num_num layers to these .
i have used this a couple times as i spice grinder ,  and i love it .
it works great almost every time ,  and it s worth it .
i have purchased several of these and i love them .
i purchased this because it got a good review on cooks illustrated .
i ve used several brands and this is the best and most powerful .
i bought large buds on ebay for about num_num bucks and they are much better now .
this charger does an excellent job charging the cell phone .
pair this with a kitchen scale to weigh your meat and your burgers will be perfect every single time .
the bottom line :  i recommend this item highly .
needless to say ,  we are both extremely pleased with this ice cream maker .
they have a feel of precision . i d wouldn t hesitate recommending them .
the main benefit to using this product comes when adding toppings .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
this thing is awesome ,  i simply fill it with my egg beats ,  throw in some vegetables .
i purchased this item because the price was so great .
this is the best kitchen trash can we have ever owned .
this is good for about num_num full charge to the iphone num_extend
after that they worked great and lasted a year before i got a new phone .
this is the best coffee pot for your money .
great product ,  this is the second product i have bought from skinomi .
they are comfortable as well because the part that goes into your ear is made of rubber .
i purchased this because it got a good review on cooks illustrated .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
it s worth the purchase compared to some of the more expensive ones available .
i ve made great pizza in my oven at home that gets to num_num degrees with a convection fan .
comes with the handy thermometer so you know when the temperature is right to add the culture in .
i like that this product is so quiet .
i have had this butter dish for about num_num years and still love it .
i just got my blender and used it for the first time .
this is a great advantage with this unit .
i have heard back that they love them .
even my num_num year old could cut in the butter like a pro !  easy to clean .
we are happy with them and would buy them again .
i am really excited about my new tool .
i bought this and so much more from oem .
i purchased this headset about a year ago and have been very pleased with it .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
this new bowl works so much better than the bowl that came with the mixer .
my son really like the color and the feel to the case .
bialetti makes high quality stove top espresso and they last long .
they are very sturdy and i m sure i will have them forever .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
it does work well after breaking it in .
she absolutely loves these ,  and loves that they come apart so easily .
but this one didn t come with them ,  other than that i love it .
i have num_num different appliances of this brand and happy with each .
works fine for data and charging on kindle num_extend
with the limited number of cases out there for the tb ,  this is a sure buy .
i have been playing with this for a few days now . its impressive .
that said it seems to work well on other knives .
i ve been using it for a couple of weeks now and so far it s holding up pretty well .
shipped using amazon prime ,  so he got it in num_num days and it was exactly what he wanted .
still giving num_num stars because overall this is a great product i would not want to be without now .
anything that needs a high power ,  num_num amp charger this is great for .
i think this is well worth the money .
you can ask for much more than what this appliance will offer to you .
this headset comes with a portable charger that is to die for .
i still feel that these items are worth the small price .
someone knew what they were doing when they designed this one !  .
other than that it s very easy to use and durable with a sturdy and stylish base .
it s perfect for our little antique school desk which is about num_num inches high .
i would buy this one again if i ever need one .
so they re great ,  i loved them ,  just make sure you are aware of this little detail .
this filterstream model is the best i ve ever used .
he says they are pretty good quality and would order them again .
much better than the ones that verizon cells .
was looking for a long time for something like this and it works .
i was pleased with the results every time .
i bought some and they work perfectly ,  so i have no problems with this maker now .
other than that i do like the set and would buy again .
it was what i had ordered ,  and as advertised exactly what i needed .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone who is wanting great protection for their apple num_num or num_extend
the battery life between recharges is estimated at around num_num hours and so far that is very accurate .
i ve had the droid razr for num_num months now and have to say ,  this phone is wonderful .
i am so happy that i made this purchase .
i bought this to overcome that problem and it works as advertised .
i will be getting another pair of these soon as a matter of fact .
i would recommend it to anyone who wants to be able to make waffles at home .
num_num stars because they are well built headphones .
time will tell ,  but so far well worth the price !  .
it is really a crazy time we live in when you get something like this for that price .
i feel that this makes the experience infinitely better .
it is much lighter and fits much better than the num_extend
the num_extend external battery is very powerful at num_extend and can keep giving a charge for a long time .
works great and hold the charge a long time .
hope it will fix all the problems and i will fall in love with it again !  .
much better looking and you don t have to fight to get the phone out of your pocket .
without a doubt this is the one of the best insulated containers i have ever owned .
they have great grip ,  are comfortable to use and have good balance .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i used this everyday with my old phone and always got complements on it .
as others have noted ,  it fits fairly well and looks good .
even though my english is not good ,  they help me a lot and have patient to me .
i broke several cheaper openers ,  but this one feels solid and i have no problem opening the cans .
also ,  very easy to clean and comes with batteries .
after breaking num_num glass french presses i finally found this .
we have had this rice cooker for years now and absolutely love it .
the last num_num i got from verizon for $ so this one was a good price .
i love this product and would buy it again .
bought as gift for relative and he loves this product .
far better than past kettles that cost more .
i like it that this is really strong .
the customer service of this company is friendly and top notch .
there isn t anything wrong with his iphone ,  it s in perfect condition . my husband has decided he loves this case !  .
that one cost less than half of this product and it works perfectly several times a day .
i will surely do business with this company again !  .
this is a good product ,  couldn t ask for nothing much more .
easy to use ,  cleans up quickly ,  cheaper than most of this type and a num_num year warranty .
i ve had this pan for many years and it is still in good shape .
great price and easy to deal with vendor .
i bought the home kit and it works great ! the product does what it advertises .
even with lots of washings ,  it does great .
battery life is very good ,  i make several calls a day and have yet to deplete the battery .
he also likes the fact that it is heavy duty enough to be used on the grill .
it s great to have a good product that is just the right size .
as others have said ,  it has a nice solid base and does not burn food on the bottom .
the dispenser looks good ,  holds a decent volume of shampoo ,  conditioner etc .
this without a doubt is the best of the best .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
will buy from this seller again when i need more filters .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
i love the locking mechanism that allows me to store it without difficulty .
i am glad that i went with the smaller set; it meets my needs .
charges my samsung galaxy num_num perfectly and quickly .
it is a lot nicer than i thought it would be .
yes it s true some things never change and that s a good thing .
other than that i really like this product .
you can be pretty far away from the phone and still talk . i still recommend this bluetooth .
buy these because i found them cheap online and for the price they re great chargers .
now i know that i don t have to spend a lot of money to get something nice and cute !  .
it is strong and durable !  !  !  looks good on my iphone !  !  would not hesitate to order from this company again .
nothing special about this product ,  but the seller shipped it fast and at a good price .
fits perfectly ,  though finish could be a little better .
i have tried several of them and this one is the best .
a little more expensive than the rolls of make your own bags ,  but worth the convenience .
very nicely made with a real nice finish for gripping phone .
just wish there were even more pieces !  i recommend this set .
i am impressed with this product and with the quality .
they look nice even when they re not being used .
every time i use it i feel good about providing jobs in the usa and the quality is excellent .
i bought some and they work perfectly ,  so i have no problems with this maker now .
great idea and better than any others i ve tried .
i m loving it !  this is just what i ve been looking for .
i am very pleased with my purchase and know this product will be a part of my kitchen forever .
i agree with the reviewer who likes this pan better than the george foreman grill .
my fiance loves this product for in his work van .
my expectations have been met ,  so i would recommend this product .
i read reviews saying that this was a wonderful pen and okay stylus .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
received product on time and was very happy with the packaging .
and since they live in other states ,  we got free shipping through amazon ,  too .
if you value your device this is the way to go .
keeps my coffee fresh ,  seal is good and they look nice on my counter .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
best of all ,  this product is made in france ,  and not china .
and there is not shake when your drive the car . i am super pleased with this thing .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
other than that i would recommend this product .
if you re a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product .
we don t own many stainless steel tools ,  but i am hoping these are good for the long haul .
i bought this to use with my htc evo and it works without any problems .
this is great !  i should have bought one of these years ago .
i ve only used it a couple of times but it worked perfectly on my ceramic stove top .
the build quality is very sturdy and strong .
great little phone ,  i would definitely buy this again !  .
i used it the first time and fell in love .
otherwise ,  if you re thinking about it ,  this is a great value !  .
i love this phone cover !  i bought it about num_num months ago and i still love it .
they fit great and didnt have any problems with them whil moving around .
they are durable ,  and just the right size for my small hands .
this product does its job with no surprises .
this toaster oven is much better than those of num_num years ago .
however ,  the most recent one ,  i ve had for months and it s still going strong .
makes me feel like i have a new phone every time i switch .
this works much better for him and the sound quality is great .
this dough ball creates a cookie between num_num and num_extend inches in diameter ,  the perfect size for us .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
we purchased two of these replacement paddles for our daughters for christmas ,  they were a great price .
battery life is also good at about num_num hrs of talk time .
will update more on this fun toy as time goes by .
i love this and make them once a week for the num_num years i have owned it .
other than that ,  i m really happy with this cart .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
this works great when you just have a small amount of space and need to hang a towel .
this pitcher is the finest pitcher i have ever seen .
i ve used this cover a few times ,  and it does seem to work .
read my reviews and you will see this over and over .
cord is very short so that makes it safer to use .
around num_num minutes later you have a truly amazing ingredient .
i loved this case so much that i bought another to replace my old one .
this product worked great and made my boards look great .
i just used my pot for the first time and have to say that i love it .
they are really that good . end result : i am upgrading my review from four stars to five .
other than that ,  i m really happy with this cart .
the proctor silex num_extend produced two great meals ,  cooked just right .
i have a motorola num_extend that i recently ordered and these worked on it like a charm .
hope if you purchase this set you will be as happy with them as i am !  .
this case is perfect and fits like a glove .
so far i m liking everything about this phone  coming from nokia num_extend
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
in any event i ve very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this product .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
i wish they came in prints !  cause i would be all over that !  !  i just all around love it .
i used this for the first time this weekend and boy was it so good .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
this is a good rubberized case for htc evo design num_extend
i always turn my flash off and the pictures look pretty good .
i purchased this in the color  ice  which is just beautiful .
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
this thing does a above average job and is a great value .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
i love this bowl ,  it is even nicer in person .
book to complement and the reason i bought it in the first place .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
i like that i have the option of how many tiers to use at one time .
we liked it well enough that we bought num_num more .
it worked great on those warm summer days when i didn t want to put on the ac .
our num_num year old loves it to make his own grillers with this .
these are even better than i thought they would be .
i believe that you will like this product .
also the battery lasts longer in this unit also !  i m finding this to be true .
we have been using this for over a year now and it s just like new .
i have been using it for num_num weeks and am incredibly satisfied with this purchase .
it fits well and keeps the dust out of the bowl ,  which is the reason i purchased this product .
i ordered this one from amazon and it fits well .
i would absolutely recommend this black and decker toaster .
i have bought several as gifts because i am so impressed with them .
i will recommend ordering them from cellular num_num star .   .
the sound is better than any other product i have used .
very convenient to have your phone right there in front of you .
it still easy to use and easy to clean .
you can even charge it while its in this case .
i was so pleased that i just purchased another pair for my wife .
if you are looking for a good product .  .  . this is the one .
i serve at the cheesecake factory ,  bought two of these and they work great .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
they are easy to clean and last forever .
it gave my iphone double the battery life and for the size that made me really like this product .
their customer service is great ,  and they sent me a replacement bottom piece .
i like it even more than when i first got it .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
just the way it looks makes feel good about purchasing it .
i just make sure it is not on warm to long .  . great product great price thanks so much .
i would order it again as a gift .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
some people will find that very useful for  good grips  !  .
i love this ,  been using for about num_num or num_num years .
i love it !  going to be buying several more for gifts . i ve had this for about num_num months now .
our num_num year old loves it to make his own grillers with this .
i bought num_num of these as gifts and everyone likes them a lot .
i seldom have more than a couple of unpopped kernels and it is so easy .
i got what i thought i would and i liked the rubber case .
it is just want i was looking for ,  something that was simple ,  straightforward and elegant .
i really like how much protection you actually have around the phone .
others have already said tons of good things about this .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
they seem to clean up very well too .
they are just as they were presented and came right away .
i like brita and i like that their products last a long time .
the elixir of life ,  first thing in the morning .
i have small hands and really love these gloves .
i loved these they stayed on my phone with no problems .
i would rate this product worth at least $
the suction on this canister is powerful and i would recommend it .
this two part screen protector is excellent ,  perfect fit and easily cleaned .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
so far i m pretry impressed with this unit .
i am obsessed with phone cases and i love this one .
this battery is an excellent replacement for the original battery .
i have the iphone num_extend and it fits it pretty well .
these are the best kitchen shears i ever owned .
bottom line is that this is a really amazing bt headset .
i m really liking this product more and more as i use it .
pyrex made a good choice putting these pieces together .
this one looks good and is well made too .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
i would recommend this appliance to anyone who might be considering it .
i hope you enjoy this product as much as i do !  !  .
i m looking forward to many years of good cooking with this oven .
this is a great item and i would definitely recommend this .
i also liked that it had num_num speeds and you could pulse .
i have nothing but praise for this product .
even though my english is not good ,  they help me a lot and have patient to me .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
it looks great . i love that it opens from the front so i can put my toaster on top .
i like it so much i just bought another for a num_extend timer to time two things .
i played some music with it ,  and the sound is really just darn good .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
excellent value but one stopped working within days .
since this thing works so darn good ,  i don t have a problem with it .
this is a great way to easily play your ipod within your car speakers .
this is a much better value than the other cheap chargers on amazon and ebay .
and we are both glad that we did ! this is one coffee french press that will never need replacing .
i loved this case for my iphone num_extend
i m really liking this product more and more as i use it .
can t charge my phone so i use this external battery and it doses a really good job .
when i can t reach people because their smartphones are dead ,  i will recommend this product .
it still looks new !  it comes with a spatula specially designed to work with this processor .
sony did a good job with this product .
but this one will definitely do the trick .
i would strongly suggest you consider an extra bowl .
these things make using the larger ipad very easy .
very professional shape when done !  i am very pleased with this product .
it also is easier to hold on to in your hands .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
other than that ,  i m really happy with this cart .
the customer service of this company is friendly and top notch .
i knew both of these things before i bought it ,  but it was still a bit of a surprise .
this is the most amazing case i ever have .
it s easy to clean in the dishwasher and after num_num months seems as good as new .
they are sharp and have come in handy for other items like monster cookies .
breakfast will be my important meal of the day once again .
i have num_num sizes of this coffee pot and i adore them all .
they found these were the best  see test  .
i love the fact that there are two strainer areas on the lid .
no matter what stove you have ,  this is a great buy .
the important plus to this product is how it does the job .
she loves it this was a num_extend one as she broke the num_extend one lol .
we ended up cutting them off ,  and then the case was perfect !  .
and it s also nice because i know exactly what goes into every batch .
i expect that the case will perform well and as intended .
i think this will make a nice little gift to anyone .
came in on time well packed with other items i ordered .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i really like these glasses ,  and use them daily outside .
she had used them for num_num years and they are still as good .
in about num_num minutes you ve got perfect poached eggs .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
overall i love the product just not the lids as much .
this grater is easier to handle than anything i ve used .
all my pans are all clad and love them and this is no exception .
i would highly recommend the seller to everyone and i would definitely purchase from this seller again .
this is a classic bread knife that works very very well .
i love the large size of this oven and the temperatures go up to num_num degrees .
just the right size for one or two ,  as other reviewers have said .
this one feature alone is enough to choose this unit !  .
these measuring cups have solid handles that won t bend for anything .
just the right size for me and my num_num girls .  .  . not too big ,  not too small .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i bought this one based on the good reviews .
son has had this case well over a year .
i am thrilled with the quality of this set .
i have a num_extend heavy arcos knife that does the job much better .
had them just over a week ,  very happy .
this one s designed much better ,  and it s worked well about num_num times ,  looks like a winner .
it works very good for both my cell phone and my num_num kindles that i have .
i will say this :  the sound quality is good .
these knives ,  while not the sharpest in the drawer ,  are very good .
it s a little heavy but that s part of the quality of the product .
the product arrived within num_num days and in good order .
this is a very simple machine that does what it s supposed to with very little fuss .
but do like the product that comes from this one .
loved it not much more to say about it .
i really like this case and wish that they made this for the iphone .
i have used these on all my iphones and they just work as described .
even without that ,  this product is highly recommended !  .
i had bought this model to gift it for someone special .
they work well if you have a small kitchen for cooling baked goods .
other than that ,  i like items that make my cooking easier and successful .
these worked really well and were great quality !  get them for your kitchen !  .
i found this knive to be in par with its reviews .
would buy again ,  and recommend it to anyone that has to type .
nice size and it s just what i was looking for .
i wanted something to weigh product without a battery and this works well .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it .
who would have thought something so small would be so powerful , technology is amazing .
the design of the vent component is ingenious and it works well with my mazda num_num and iphone num_extend
this has enabled me to eat ice cream again .
i love these ,  have bought other brands and they break in a few months .
i m sure it will fit someone else s need perfectly .
this a great colander ,  it s made in india which is of good quality .
this particular size is my favorite ,  because it is a good all purpose wine glass .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i recommend it to everyone ,  no other brand ,  and will buy a gallon from their website .
these are very cute and they look just like they do in the picture .
just the ability to resist scratch is enough to recommend .
it s exactly what i expected ,  so i m satisfied .
i have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit .
i m happy with the decision because there are some slight differences .
i bought this set num_num months ago and i m very happy with it .
i love everything about them ,  especially that they are made from glass and not plastic .
this product has lasted me num_num and is still going strong .
i love oxo ,  and i m glad they didn t let me down with this one .
it has been num_num weeks and i love these batteries and after num_num months ,  i now love my epic .
it s just a simple grinder that works ,  what else can you ask for ?  .
sound is good ,  everything functions ,  good range ,  and best part :  battery life .
i don t write too many reviews but felt compelled to write this one because this case is so good .
i think everyone should have one of these in their home .
i have used this for over a year and the original seasoning is still in good shape .
the charge time is long num_extend hours  ,  but is definitely worth it .
have never been able to really find a  deep pie pan  and this is exactly what i wanted .
i ve had my first pair for over num_num years and they are still in amazing shape .
they are great for the most part i am satisfied with this product .
i love that it doesn t take up too much room .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
this is a great juicer for the price ,  and works well for oranges ,  lemons and limes .
over all good price ,  good buy num_num stars job good thanks again .
the vac still works fine ,  just used it today .
i will continue to try and hope this is better with grapefruit .
i recently received this paper towel holder and we have been putting it to good use in the kitchen .
the case fits very tight and has a nice feel .
the good news is that it really was easy to take this thing apart and replace the belt .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
i like this product and would buy again .
i have multiple pieces from cuisinart num_extend and num_num quart  and am very satisfied .
these mats work very well .  .  .  . but lets be reasonable .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
and i have found this one to be of the same quality .
my kids love them and they will last a very long time .
i have used this strainer several times and it works well .
this is so easy !  can t believe i waited so long to try it .
however ,  my apple headphones work fine with it . all in all ,  i recommend this case for the motorola droid x .
just pop the headset into the charger in the evening and you re good for the next day .
my bread turns out great every time with this mixer .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
at first i thought the red cups would be too red but i really like the colour .
after num_num months of use ,  they re holding up well . very happy with this purchase .
this is a very good product and will keep on purchasing it .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
then once i did find a site they were out of stock . enjoy .
i would rate this product worth at least $
i also like that the control buttons are on the front rather than the top .
looking forward to making another batch of cookies with this scoop .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
i keep coming back to these beans because they are ,  for the price ,  the best .
i really love this . very decent sound quality !  good range .
connected my old classic ipod to my num_extend  on idrive  and this adapter worked like a charm .
then i found these .  .  .  .  . they are not only functional ,  but they give you options .
i give this product five stars because it was actually really cute .
i did extensive research before purchasing ,  and it was worth it .
other than that ,  this is a very good case and a great value for your money .
maybe there pens are no greater than anyone else s ,  all i know is these work great !  .
it even fits in there with this case ,    .  .  .  very much worth the $ i paid .
they go on very easy ,  just follow the directions .
it has saved his phone more than once .
fit the phone very well and stayed put for about num_num months .
the non stick pans work well ,  and have not had any problems with them .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
even in this year of num_num this case is worth buying .
i have been very impressed by the battery life .
charges just fine and is a much better option than the one that came with the phone .
it also lightweight which makes it easier to pick up if filled with water .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i agree with all the reviews that this product is excellent .
this one not only stays up ,  but has more features than the others .
no problems with them . would recommend them to anyone .
there are lots of options in this price range .
cooking is so much easier now that we don t have to chop our garlic .
i think everyone is always looking for a good quality cable like this .
it does the trick !  i would purchase this whisk again .
i really like this brand for very reasonable gadgets at almost always great prices .
i love calphalon products and this is another example of a few that are great !  .
this does what it is supposed to do .
this was part of a gift to my daughter and husband .
i bought this for my office and it warms my office up very quickly .
turns out they are a great little size ,  and i ll be buying them again !  .
the shipping was fast and the product looks like very high quality .
the holster will not hold the phone with a case on it ,  but this is perfect for me .
by the time i made it to work ,  i was still sipping on it . totally recommend this product .
this is a good beaker ,  i broke the old one a while back and replaced it with this .
all in all ,  i really like this thing and i would buy it again .
you do have to clean the hair off the brush ,  but it is worth it .
and i actually use it more often than i thought i would .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works just as it is intended .
this is a huge improvement over our old foreman grill .
i purchased this for my samsung galaxy num_extend and it fits awesome and has held up very well .
i have a golden retriever ,  and she carries a lot of the outdoors in with her  .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
they hold up well and the icing or glaze does not soak through .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
they were very affordable and much better than lids and rings for this purpose .
the sound quality seems very good and has good volume .
i love this product because it s very easy to use and the price was great .
i would have preferred another num_extend sheath and one less paring knife but the set is great anyway .
it s made in the usa and the company really does stand behind their product .
this phone just turned out to be a great buy .
this cover does a nice job keeping it clean and away from dust .
where have you been all my life !  i love this little gem .
if you take proper care of your knives and sharpen them every so often they should last a lifetime .
i love this griddle; quite heavy at num_num  or num_extend pounds ,  which is great .
and i ve spoiled him with mine ,  so he knows what the good stuff tastes like .
i bought this product directly from amzer and received it this week .
keeps for about num_num weeks in the refrigerator and is simple to use .
still it does what it is supposed to do .
i ve had this phone since september num_num and i still love this phone .
this is a nice plain case that does the trick .
but as far as this product goes it does the job and arrived fast .
it doesn t look like much but works perfect .
the pitcher is sturdy ,  and it can actually hold a little bit more than num_num quarts .
i ve been baking for over num_num years and know a good pan when i see one .
it does what i wanted so i m happy with this purchase .
i love the price too !  it s about time there was something out there that we aren t being overcharged for .
why haven t they come up with this before ?  i love this little machine .
they protect the screen and there are five of them .
i haven t used them yet but they look like they re easy to attach and use .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
this battery has brought new life to my evo num_extend
exact same battery that came with the phone !  perfect match .
the water jacket is wonderful for when you need something to stay very hot or very cold .
it is also easy to grip even if your hands are wet .
i recommend this bundt pan ,  you won t regret purchasing it .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
this device not only leaves the leafy greens clean ,  it s fun !  .
for me ,  a person who doesn t need something like this all that much ,  this was just perfect .
i really like these and would purchase again .
there are two other issues that are also worth mentioning .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
for the price ,  this is a really great product that i use more than i thought i would .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
made in the usa !  !  !  !  !  there are so may reasons to love this pan .
this product is well made and very sturdy .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
we love this charger because it minimizes the cords that need to be organized .
i ve tried a bunch of bluetooth headsets and this one is the best one i ve found so far .
i am very pleased with this machine; i use an old num_num cup mr .
it really protects your phone ,  i mean ,  really !  .
this product deserves many more stars than num_extend
i bought this cake pan because nordic ware produces good quality cake pans and i liked the design .
by far ,  the best cup of coffee that you can make at home sans an espresso machine .
we have just started making homemade chocolate candies and these are perfect .
have to cut down to fit ,  other than that its great .
i reviewed a smaller board that we use too ,  but this one is larger and gets used daily .
i bought these as a gift for my husband and they re really solid ,  thick mugs .
if you don t want that trouble ,  buy a coated one ,  but this is the authentic deal .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
very easy to clean what was a conundrum for me at first was how to use the steamer .
it s nice for more things that just that ,  of course .
it is so much more than just non stick .
i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
first ,  i have only had this set for a very short time ,  but i really like it .
i ordered this one for my daughter ,  and ,  she loves it .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
these will last as long as i need them .
this case is absolutely amazing and provides superior protection while adding grip at the sides .
this one was actually different than a previous one i had owned but i like this one better .
the kids think that they are great in the morning .
i am very pleased with the purchase and would buy from this company again .
i bought this product so i could try some fun flavors to make at home .
my first impression is that i like it !  it s better than the blueant comparable model .
i think this is very well thought out ,  great product .
plus other people think they are very cool .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
the utensils that came with the set are also very nice .
so far ,  this one works like a charm and it s been num_num weeks !  !  .
and it takes about num_num seconds to froth the milk plus cleaning is extremely easy .
we have used it numerous times and it is just bulletproof .
they were very durable and comfortable to the touch .
bought this years ago and never reviewed it ,  but it still works to this day .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and it proves a very stable place for it .
i would recommend this to the user who doesn t want a complex phone .
and it looks great with white iphone num_extend
i have a num_extend heavy arcos knife that does the job much better .
it is strong and durable !  !  !  looks good on my iphone !  !  would not hesitate to order from this company again .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
these are the same good quality they have always been .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
i would recommend trying it especially since it is so inexpensive .
i previously owned a braun and it was also good but this one is much better .
i will be getting another one of these .
i don t really need this feature ,  but it is a nice way to keep them together .
a neat design that looks like it will last for years !  .
this case is great ,  it is more than i expected ,  it holds my items along with my phone .
i bought this for my daughter who recently moved into her own apartment .
i like that there are so many apps for this phone in the ovi store .
i got it together in less than num_num minutes and was able to clean my carpets immediately .
they have improved the model over time ,  which is always a nice thing to see . my advice to you is .
free shipping with amazon prime can t be beat .
they look quite nice and worked for charging my phone .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
it matches my faucet and other products from this company .
:   the thing is ,  there is nothing wrong with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
this slices them very well and fox run included num_num extra cutting wires !  .
i purchased this product a month ago and i have been happily baking ever since it arrived .
it s pretty much only meant for the one thing and it does it well .
i can t begin to tell you how much time this has saved me .
i have been using this slicer a good bit now .
i like this one better than our old one that had vertical slots .
it s been dropped several times and works great .
i m happy to say i was totally wrong with that and this is really strong .
came in on time well packed with other items i ordered .
giving it a five star rating because it is exactly as it is described .
this set is well made and i like them .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
they look like they will hold up well .
looks just like the picture and good quality .
i liked this case very much !  it was nice to have a case that would protect my iphone .
i m very pleased with this item ,  as i have been with everything else i ve gotten from oxo .
other than that ,  it s a great hand mixer .
i would recommend this to anyone in the market for food processor .
i really love this thing and that the whole thing snaps together for storage .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
this is quite possibly the best windshield mount i ve ever purchased .
i also like the fact that it has a replaceable tip .
they were perfectly shaped ,  evenly baked .  .  . couldn t have asked for better .
doesn t work very well also but i would say better than my own finger .
it s very robust and i m looking forward to using it for a long time .
other than that love this case  !   !   !  .
the plastic pusher that comes with it worked great for me .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
my fiance loves this product for in his work van .
i ve been using it for num_num months now and this thing is great .
i wanted a phone with a big screen and this one has it .
i ve had this beauty for nearly num_num months now and i truely love it .
also ,  the dock is made very lightweight and compact for carrying around .
it takes about num_num minutes for the full pot to brew ,  and the results are consistent .
although i don t use them at the gym they work great for when i am working in the office .
i give this product five stars because i really liked the color .
i was impressed with the product for the money .
i never thought that rice cooking would become such a fun .
i really like this product and intend on using it for a lifetime .
i would recommend this highly to those power hogs .
i bought this and then my son started using it a lot .
i like this product  ,  it protects your phone really well .
it is cheaper than most generic plugs ,  yet it will work with pretty much anything .
it is still functioning very well after almost two num_extend
they have been up to every task that i asked of them .
i have admired this kettle since i first saw it in the num_extend
i am very well pleased with this product .
i am very happy with the product and would recommend them to anyone .
this isn t necessary though ,  i have used it directly in my coffee cup and it works very well also .
i gave it five stars because it fit perfectly and i needed a new one .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
i purchased this item over num_num years ago ,  and it is still great .
i am happy with these much less expensive aluminum pans .
it works great during the winter months ,  when its too cold to grill outside .
maybe i ll need to turn it up over the winter ,  but right now that seems to be working well .
protecting your investment is a very smart idea .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
this is an excellent product that i d highly recommend to anyone .
i have used this salad spinner for about num_num years and really like it .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
bought these for my num_num year old and they are holding up nicely .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
one of the selling points of this headset is its ability to pair with two phones .
i love this hand vac over any shark i have ever owned .
well made ,  and worth more than i paid for it .
after num_num years of use num_num days a week for num_num hours a day it is still working great .
sometimes its the small things in life and that is definitely try with this product .
i believe that they fixed that design flaw .
the bottom line is that it works well .
it s just that great of a price point !  .
this item arrived quickly and was packed well .
it is universal and will work with any phone .
i am very pleased with the purchase and would buy from this company again .
the fact that they come apart ,  it makes it very easy to clean .
after a return ,  i was able to use these to make cakes and they work great .
this screen protector did the job for my phone .
there is a soft felt inside to this case which adds to the protection .
they have nice weight balance and are comfortable to hold in your hand .
they would have been worth the full price ,  but i sure love a bargain .
this isn t necessary though ,  i have used it directly in my coffee cup and it works very well also .
i would recommend spraying them when cooking something like biscuits because they will stick .
i like the look and feel of this product .
this makes it a lot easier and my fingers don t hurt after i m done  when i used the knife  .
this is a great and idea and a great product .
i love this headset .  .  . and i will tell you num_extend
this thing does what it says it will .
i bought this device about num_num months ago and have been extremely happy with the results .
i also like the fact that these have a pretty good battery life .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
but if you just want it stuck on your arm ,  it works !  .
have used it probably num_num times so far and love it .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
i ve had this product for some time ,  and i ve been nothing but impressed by it .
it s the right size for the droid x ,  it work as it should ,  and it was cheap !  .
i wasn t expecting much for the price but have been pleasantly surprised .
that aside it does work just as well charging my ipod .
i also keep some of these in the house so i always have some kleenux .
having num_num sizes to choose from is very handy ,  i always have the size called for in the recipe .
i ve had them for more than a year and they are just as sharp as new .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
this is the best cutting board i have ever bought ,  solid well built .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i have a smaller boos cutting board ,  that i really liked just fine .
this isn t the least expensive flatware out there ,  but it s worth the money .
he is happy with it and would purchase it again .
i got this and put it on my refrigerator for my grandkids to play with .
this is the best fitting case i have ever had for a phone .
they are very strong and heavy and will last for a long time .
good enough . this is just what i was looking for .
this product works great ,  i used it to open a smart phone in order to change the battery .
we ve juiced everything from small grapefruit to limes with great success .
the handle was so much smaller than i anticipated ,  but it does work well for sandwich flipping .
i have admired this kettle since i first saw it in the num_extend
it brews very quickly and is of good quality .
however ,  at the time that i did have it ,  it worked very well .
i would love to have the same product with bigger buttons .
it doesn t take much room so it s great for my rv .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
very good deal a lil under num_num bucks for the num_num items i got .
i m fairly satisfied with this product ,  though i should have reviewed more products before purchasing .
this usb cable works great !  i have had no issues with it .
sounds just as good as some num_extend earphones that i ve tried around the malls .
i looked around ,  and found these were a great price .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i really like these headphones for use with my ipad .
battery lasts a very long time and sound quality ,  fit ,  and usage are all very good .
it held up perfectly for the couple of weeks that i used it .
wish they would fit a little tighter but it works .
i have no problems pairing with my phone and it fits my ear just fine .
also something i can live with ,  considering the quality and functionality of this product .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
i have been using these daily since i got them a year ago .
treatment with a product like this is key to the life of a quality cutting board .
this device works quite well with my iphone num_extend it is easy to use .
i found that this size is very good and it works well .
we will definitely buy this again in the future .
if you like your coffee ,  you will love this grinder .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
when i received the product ,  it looked very professional and well put together .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
wifi option is great for hotspots and at home with a wireless router ,  esp .
this is the same bowl that comes with the kitchenaid mixer so it s a perfect fit .
bought this pressure cooker after reading so many reviews about how good it is .
pull out when i want a popsicle !  my children love this !  .
this is the best pot for the money that i have ever purchased .
really great and inexpensive screen protector .  .  . fit my samsung galaxy num_extend perfectly .
i can t believe the excellent quality for this low price .
i have had it for over a year ,  and it still looks like new .
i purchased the  oxo good grips nylon ladle  from amazon and we love it .
i have a num_extend domed ceiling that the long hose works fantastic on .
bought these on sale from amazon ,  and they are fantastic towels .
i bought these because they were a good deal but they turned out to be an excellent product .
like others have said it s a great size for one or two people .
each of them worked fine and still work .
the color is great and the quality overall is really nice .
not a finger print magnet like i thought it would be ,  so good deal .
i ve been using these a month and have been really pleased .
i happily give this a five star rating .
i wanted a product that i could use around our pool and this has worked very well .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
first i want to remark on the quality of this machine as it is extremely well made .
i like this product and would buy another one in the future .
ive read enough to know this healthier than just about everything else .
the beans stay absolutely fresh until i use them !  ! i have yet to run into a problem with this device .
just wonderful !  wish i would have bought a set of cast iron skillets years ago .
i ll give an update if it breaks or chips like many other reviewers ,  but until then ,  great case .
i have purchased three other hand vacs and this one is the best .
it picks up more than what you would expect .
if you don t have a cutting board like i didn t it is best to use one with this tool .
comes with a super sharp edge and will maintain that edge with very little maintenance .
i would just like to add my voice ,  as this battery is very high quality .
i would buy this product again and have bought one as a gift for a friend once already .
these things are not cheap but they are very well made .
it was very easy to apply and is sticking without any issues .
note :  i have been using this num_num months now and still love it !  no problems at all .
it s beautiful and still worthy num_num stars ,  but consider storage before you purchase .
i bought this case because it matched my purse and it was perfect .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
there are definitely better screen protectors out there but these do the job .
it s very sturdy unlike some of those other flimsy spatulas .
i ve owned a lot of these things over the years and they put out a lot of great popcorn .
the size of this phone is just fine .
this product is nice and does the job well .
we use this all the time and it has held up very well .
i love that you don t have to worry about plugging this in .
oh well ,  guess nothing is perfect . i highly recommend this product .
if you re serious about your popcorn ,  this is an affordable choice .
they have been up to every task that i asked of them .
there isn t anything wrong with his iphone ,  it s in perfect condition . my husband has decided he loves this case !  .
these look enough like them to match my set well and the cook just wonderful .
i love this charger works great i opened apps while it s charging and it still charged .
this is easily the best can opener i have ever used .
i ve been using it on a weekly basis for over num_num years ,  and it still runs great .
i purchased this platter num_num years ago and it has held up nicely .
i ordered two of these batteries they worked great for my lg phone held a very good charge .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
the num_num cups boiled is less than num_num minutes !  wow ,  i was truly impressed !  this pot is awesome .
if you drop your phone a lot get these they are great .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
warm this up with hot water before making your coffee and it will stay hot for a while .
i ve used this knife daily for the past month and it still has a super sharp edge .
i would buy this one again if i ever need one .
i will definitely buy this product again when i need to replace these .
best of all ,  this product is made in france ,  and not china .
i am more than pleased with this product .
i find wired headsets work better than bluetooth and this one is perfect for my use .
fantastic !  !  i use this instant read thermometer for all my roasting and i must say i love it .
i taped mine up using electrical tape and it still works .
works well with my samsung galaxy num_extend as well as iphone and other cellphones .
i am happy i bought this item because our closets do not have any organizers or shelves in them .
i have had it for many months now and i use it all the time .
i have had this for num_num months now and still works great .
i ve owned one of these gaggia grinders for over num_num years and it still works .
they were very useful in making sure my merchandise was displayed to the best of it s potential .
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well .
i would recommend it to anyone who slips their phone in and out of their pocket for instance .
i found this new thermometer at amazon and it s better than the old one  if that s possible  .
the filters are pretty good and i don t find that i have to replace them but every num_num months .
they are a perfect fit to my phone and have only used num_num for about a month now .
i do not know what i was expecting but i am pleased with the purchase .
alright ,  so i don t actually know that much about bt headsets ,  but this thing is amazing .
but i still give it num_num stars because it does grill really well and it s easy to clean .
great product !  i ve had it for almost three years ,  and have had no problems with moderate use .
very good price as compared to other models .
these items are all made of good quality .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
construction is solid ,  not cheaply made at all .
this is such an excellent protective case parts are interchangable with otter box defender ,  and the color is beautiful .
i ve since used it to roast hams as well with very good results .
easy to use and easy clean up !  can t ask for much more than that .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i have had this for a couple of months and i have had nothing but wonderful experiences with it .
these are very useful and will buy them again .
anker s customer service was second to none and this product is perfect for what i wanted it for .
this replaced my original unit and works and looks just like the original can t ask for more .
the best thing about these headphones are they fit my head .
i ve found that tapping the side of the device before removing the bin helps this .
the two handles are very comfortable in the hand .
i recommend this product ,  and the price was great .
i can t say that it makes perogies painless but they sure taste good .
i have found that is keeps a cake moist as well .
lightweight ,  large ,  and very sharp !  !  i would definitely buy this product again .
this product gives a lot of bang for your buck .
i will update this if necessary ,  but i love this .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i ve had if for over num_num years ,  so happy i bought it .
i got this as a gift for my wife that has the samsung epic num_extend and she loved it .
ooops . in my num_extend in my truck ,  this product worked great .
i m happy with the decision because there are some slight differences .
i would recommend this pot to anyone that cooks food in quantity .
i bought this slicer about num_num years ago and it s the best slicer .
i always love amazon s frustration free packaging ,  as well .
i have num_num of these and for few years usage they are still sharp .
this is more of a speakerphone that goes directly on your ears ,  but the music quality is great .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
i ve tried it on four different phones and had it work great with all of them .
i also purchased a soft gel skin ,  but i like this one the best .
the fact that i am should illustrate how good this thing is ,  as is everything i own from oxo .
many years ago a chef told me that all clad was the best and i have never been disappointed .
great price point ,  right size ,  should have gotten more .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
this makes the best coffee i ve ever had ,  and only the hario dripper comes close .
when adding the charging cord and the small instruction leaflet it s a very snug fit .
i really recommend incipio hard shell cases with silicone insert because it really keeps your phone protected .
have only used it once but it minces very well .
i have returned to my desk hours later and found the coffee still warm enough to drink pleasurably .
i ve had it now for about num_num months and it still is holding up well with average usage .
they were shipped in num_num days . great price for a stylus that works .
i recommend using num_num hands when moving the big num_extend pan .
i am very happy with this item and have had no problems with it !  .
i am very pleased with the purchase and would buy from this company again .
and the price is right !  !  the reason i did not give it num_num stars was the  thick slice  side .
i have found that this blender does just that .
i found new covers from amazon and should have used amazon in the first place .
i bought num_num of them in different sizes and love them all .
after num_num months of use ,  they re holding up well . very happy with this purchase .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
i am very happy that this product worked .
i bought this coffee maker after seeing the high marks it received in cook s illustrated .
this was extremely easy to setup ,  and it is very easy to use .
i will recommend this to other and i will buy it again .
it gave my iphone double the battery life and for the size that made me really like this product .
my husband and i cook all the time ,  so something like this was a must have .
i have used this case for over num_num months now and really like it .
and i will do business with them again .
this little vac just picks it right up and picks up dog hair easily as well .
very pleased ,  i would recommend this product and i will buy from these guys again .
i have no issues at all with this item and has held up very well .
i just love this and would reccomend this to any baker .
it is good though and easy so i gave it the full num_num stars .
the sound quality is much better than any other bluetooth i have ever purchased .
i have had this well over a year and now getting around to rating .
get that and you will get a day with your phone .
i use this pot more than any other .
this product took care of that problem for me .
we got this press because it is very beautiful and promises to be sturdy .
i loved that there was more than num_num in each package .
we love oxo products and expect that this one will last for a very long time .
this was the second case i purchased and i m very happy .
they sent me a replacement right away and everything has gone smoothly since then .
this is the most beautiful and sharpest peeler i have ever seen or used .
ever since i received my set of cookware ,  i have been loving the way our food is being cooked .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
reason for num_num rather than num_extend aside from this minor issue ,  everything else works pretty well .
if you need something strong ,  then get this one .
i like them and would recommend them so far .
i would recommend this product to anyone in need of another battery .
this headset is awesome best i ve had ,  will purchase another for my wife soon .
as someone else said ,  a gladd lid would have been great but otherwise it s perfect .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
i have purchased several different brands of stylus and this brand is good .
i ve actually found myself using this device even when i have an outlet available to me .
we all use and love them and every time i hang something ,  i think about my mom !  .
i bought these for my daughter s iphone and she loves them .
i have been very pleased with this case so far .
alton would have been proud !  the pork was perfectly cooked and moist .
so much quicker and so much neater with this scooper .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
after owning many many headphones i think these sound very good for the price .
you will not be disappointed with this tea maker .
they are very durable and they last a very long time ,  if you take care of them .
this is the best vacuum that i ve ever owned ,  and i ve owned num_num different brands .
i like them because they do look nice and polished .
i would have preferred a more textured finish to give more grip but it is adequate .
this is a great charger ,  the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
i like that this car mount is completely customizable and adjustable .
the batteries worked well in the phones without a problem .
very comfortable head phone and sound quality is okay .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
we have been using high quality stainless steel in the past but this pot is really nice .
maybe that s why they are so good at blocking out ambient noise .
i have ordered num_num of them to date and they are all top quality .
its big ,  but you need room for a bunch of products ,  this is a good choice .
i have only used one of these so far ,  but they seem to work really well .
great price and i will be buying again and again .
after only num_num minutes i had some of the most amazing ice cream i have ever had .
i love stainless steel products and this one is very nice .
this will charge any modern android phone and is more versatile .
this will last you a long time if you take good care of it .
the safety features are great ,  like the short magnetically attached cord .
there is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well .
will buy again if ever i need more .
we ve been using it almost num_num years now ,  and it works and looks like new .
that says a lot about their company and their customer service .
when i found this set ,  i was elated and am not at all disappointed with the quality .
i have always had good luck with this brand and am not disappointed .
i would definately recomend this product to anyone with a phone like mine .
it will make a nice gift .   i will definantly order a num_extend one for myself ,  and for gifts .
the product is exactly as advertised ,  and the glowing recommendations from the other reviewers are warranted .
the battery has an amazing life ,  and can still charge a tablets battery faster the tablet drains it .
i like that fact that they can be used with my cell phone .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
this as others have posted is simple ,  well made and will last ,  enjoy .
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
i have found this can opener to live up to being easy to use .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
i am a phone abuser and this product makes it soo easy to not damage the phone !  .
have used this twice since receiving and it works great .
i have had good luck with these so far .
i think this coffee pot is wonderful and i would by another one without hesitation .
one of the features that sold me on this appliance ,  was is that it is easy to put together .
i shopped online for a better deal but amazon had the best price .
i will be giving these as gifts this year because they are nice quality at a reasonable price .
i bought this item earlier this year for my home .
this product got me out of a bind more than once .
i m very satisfied with the performance of the hoover .
this is seriously the best case i have ever owned .
very nice knife rack and i am very pleased with it .
the most important thing you should know is that this is a super clear screen protector .
i agree with all the reviews that this product is excellent .
these are good replacements for all my plastic containers which i have since gotten rid of .
i would recommend this pan for any hard core crepe maker .
this does a great job filtering the water for my num_extend but it doesn t last very long .
i bought these glasses because they were inexpensive ,  while still appearing to be of good quality .
i have only had this unit for a few weeks now but already i m pleased with it s abilities .
probably will purchase more of these timers in the future .
generally have enjoyed the grind n brew over the past num_num months .
i d recommend this to anyone you ll be very satisfied .
i looked around ,  and found these were a great price .
this is a really nice size ,  not too big not too small .
my clever husband got me this electric one for christmas .
this one is about num_num inches long ,  works great and doesn t take up too much space in the drawer .
this is the best cheese slicer i have ever owned .
overall good design and workmanship ,  and fits perfectly with my num_num and my num_extend
it is perfect for baking things that can fit into this size baking dish .
do yourself a favor and save on shipping by ordering one of every size right now .
i purchased this mixer with the intention of using it for smaller jobs ,  and it fits the bill perfectly .
these definitely stay in place better than my jaybirds .
the sound quality is good to very good .
i ve had it for about a year and a half and it s still going strong .
small ,  fast ,  and easy to charge your phone .
i bought this product for my mother and she likes them very much .
so far after about a month it still works fine .
so that makes this a four star product but the price .
if you need extra protection this is the ideal case .
i contacted armoursuit and they told me just what to do and it worked perfectly .
but for my uses ,  this grinder is perfect . i gave it num_num stars because cleaning is kind of a pain .
edit :  a year later i am very impressed with this case .
easy to install and i recommend this product to everyone .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
i have num_num dogs and i love that i can do a quick clean up .
i have bought these protectors before and they do a really nice job .
the voyager pro+ is by far the best bluetooth headset i have ever used .
this case looks great with my black iphone num_extend
so ,  i bought this griffin and i really like it .
it looks more like painted steel and the finish is very smooth .
great little baskets !  i have two of these on the side of my stainless steel fridge .
yet many people ,  including my butcher ,  use these knives with great satisfaction .
it takes a long time to ship ,  but that s worth it if you are not in a hurry .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
when i found this set ,  i was elated and am not at all disappointed with the quality .
i ve had a few different brands of these but this one actually works like advertised .
purchased this case as a gift for a friend .
i liked it well enough that i bought one for my fiance when his broke .
works well and i would definitely buy this product again in the future .
if you like making your own pizzas or cook a frozen one now and then i d highly recommend this .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
the ability to stream music and audio from your mobile with the calls is great .
this can was a little smaller than i expected but it totally meets my needs .
the one i have looks a little different than what they show ,  but i actually like mine better .
these items are all made of good quality .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
this is my second bluetooth that i have bought and it is great .
i have numerous products from this company ,  so everyone in my family will have one in case of emergencies .
the picture shows the pattern ,  but what a suprise when you get it !  i would recommend purchasing this case .
i love these cases .  .  . i ve now had num_num because i am a little rough on them .
i purchased this battery as a replacement and it s still running strong .
they work just as they are supposed to .
i would have liked a little more depth in its dimensions ,  but it s a real storage bargain at $
i did some research and learned that the glass coffee pot makes the best ,  purest taste .
thank goodness it came with six of them !  .
i recommend this product to people who like to run and listen to music at the same time .
fits great and works well like they should .
the cases are so pretty ,  would order again .
i was looking for something that won t break ,  is sturdy and energy efficient .
we ve been using it almost num_num years now ,  and it works and looks like new .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
it ;s so easy to use and so easy to clean that you ll never use anything else again .
i certainly will shop with this company again .
these things are perfect and was better than what i was looking for .
this is a good accessory to have with you when the iphone num_num is the only camera you have .
i ve had this for about num_num weeks and so far it s been working great .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
overall ,  well worth the money in my opinion .
i have to say i bought this due to the good reviews .
never been disappointed with lodge products . i have others and love them in my kitchen .
they are very easy to use either putting them on or taking them off ,  well worth the price paid .
i will purchase again and again from reallook .
i bought these based on all the great reviews and the great price .
very satisfied and would definitely recommend to everyone !  good protection for your phone and fit perfectly !  .
i have had this item for a couple of months now and an very please with it .
i am also happy with the build quality .
all good things about this item have already been said .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
the flashlight is simply a bonus to this already awesome product .
we have juiced our own pomagranates with great results !  would recommend this model .
each waffle only takes about num_num seconds to cook . easy to clean .
i would recommend for anyone wanting to add color to any table or kitchen .
for $ plus free shipping ,  you won t find that many deals as good as this one .
when you put it back together ,  it s solid again .
i ve had my little revere kettle for more than num_num years now ,  and it s still going strong .
didn t think it would work but works great !  .
i thought this would fit the bill and offer some padding .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
we are pleased with it so far after a couple of months .
this is the third one i have purchased and they are great .
the finish isn t as nice as it could be but it s good enough .
the fork itself is nice and sturdy ,  a good size ,  and handles well .
this is the best case around for the iphone num_extend
we bought this crockpot because of the great reviews and it has been great .
i gave it to someone who could use it and they really like it .
this case fit perfectly on the iphone num_extend
it comes with num_num hooks and that is about right for it .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i use them nearly every day; they are easy to use and do what i want them to .
thanks to all the other reviewers who rated this knife so highly !  .
they also roll up nicely if you secure with a rubber band .
this case is well worth the cheap price .
i read all the reviews and based my decision on the great reviews this product got .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
overall ,  i like this coffee maker and would buy this unit again .
you can believe the description of this product .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i love this cookie scoop !  i ve had so many over the years that just didn t do well for me .
overall ,  i was so pleased with this product that i bought another set for my mom s droid num_extend
i am amazed with the clarity and ease of this product .
easy to handle and cuts a wide peel so that it doesn t take much time .
i have some of these that came with a gasket that makes for an airtight seal .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
they look nice and better than the cheap plastic ones you can buy at wal mart .
it was good didn t know that it would get furry that fast .
a great value ,  you will use these forever without having to replace them .
this peeler is of high quality material  ,  it is very sharp  ,  works like a charm .
it s a solid replacement . i ve had this for num_num months now and it has been working great all that time .
this is the most comfortable headset i ve ever owned and the sound is very clear .
with it s build quality and num_num year warranty it should give you many ,  many years of great service !  .
i bought these because they are so pretty .
for that peace of mind alone i give it num_num stars .
i have three of them and they work great .
i am very impressed with this pressure cooker .
they have worked well so far and have no complaints about them .
i got it together in less than num_num minutes and was able to clean my carpets immediately .
don t think it really saves time over doing it by hand but it does work .
bought this current model after checking out several others .
this product is everything that you d expect from kitchenaid .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and loved it .
this is my second set and i am very pleased with the price ,  quality ,  and durability of them .
i was glad to find this on amazon ,  i use this blade more than any of the others .
i especially like the ring that holds them together .
it is honestly the sharpest knife i have ever used .
a bit of time . overall i recommend this product .
i have used these earbuds for num_num months now and they have exceeded my expectations .
this is a perfect replacement battery for my samsung galaxy note num_extend
i had this on my wish list based on its reviews and i got it for my birthday .
i bought this fryer a few weeks ago and it is the best i ve ever used .
he is happy with it and would purchase it again .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
my hubby and i got this as a wedding present num_extend years ago .
as other reviewers have noted ,  the walls of the bowl are thick and strong ,  and it is beautifully made .
this is much more than a fondue pot .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
all knives are remain sharp and they have a nice heft to them .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
in any case ,  i would certainly buy this again .
i am not a popcorn fan ,  but this thing is just so awesome .
this really should have come with the phone ,  but since it didn t ,  this is a good buy .
i was so impressed with the num_extend that i bought a num_extend santuko .
i will be buying more from this seller .
have used the weston several times now and in general i am pleased with the product .
i love to zest lemons with this thing .
i think it does the trick ,  but they re a bit more fussy  and have larger shirts to iron  .
i bought them when they were the black friday deal for $ and they are well worth the cost .
the  cup  portion is definitely quality stainless steel .
works well and charges my num_extend around num_num times per full charge .
i ve used this num_num times now while jogging and it s good .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
this case works perfectly with my zune num_extend
it is very comfortable to wear ,  coming with num_num different size ear plugs .
i bought this air popper from another site about num_num months ago and it was a superb purchase .
i highly recommend buying the super ultra long lasting batteries that they have now num_extend aa batteries needed  .
there is a soft felt inside to this case which adds to the protection .
i received this french press as a christmas gift .
these were rated so well and looked so unique online that i bought them .
they re nicer than any of the others i had .
even though its small ,  it still feels solid and well built .
very easy to operate  easy to pair up ,  and buttons are back lighted with num_extend
the bottom line :  i recommend this item highly .
love them !  ! update :  over num_num years later and i still love these things .
easy to use and cord is compatible with my phone as well .
i like that there s a handle on the bottom of the tank .
i started with one and realized this is so much a better way to cook .
they are great !  !  i made them the same day they arrived in the mail .
very nice feature ,  this is well worth the money for cheap !  .
i bought these based on all the great reviews and the great price .
nothing wrong about it ,  would recommend to anyone .
splendid to have good bread in num_num minutes .
this battery works as well as the original battery that came with the phone .
did web research and it pointed us to this coffee maker .
i like these lid covers as they fit very well .
it just works and i m happy with my purchase .
the cooker is so easy to clean that i can t imagine complaining about a wipe down of the counter .
would recommend to anyone that cooks with dutch ovens .
man ,  i just love quality stuff like this .
they are decent quality considering the price and really help keep things tidy .
this thing will almost fit in your wallet .
it didn t take long to season this and it was easy .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
there are many things i like about this grill having had a smaller version previously .
i ve tried num_num other cases and this is easily the best one of the bunch .
great protection with this case ,  but when you put it on it catches on the screen protector .
but ,  i really like it and am very satisfied with the purchase .
seems like a pretty good deal ,  if they also offer the num_num day guarentee .
it comes with a nice little pouch to keep it in so that it doesn t get all scratched up .
got this item in a very fast time today .
we have about num_num pieces and this is one of our favourites .
i have only used this for usb so far but it seems to work well .
the best thing i ve come up with is using tongs that have plastic or silicone over the grabbing ends .
this pan is just as expected ,  heavy good quality and cakes turn out perfect every time .
love this pan ,  it baked evenly ,  the snowflake imprints came out better than i thought they would .
i know that there isn t much to a milk frother ,  but this one is much more durable .
have nothing but good things to say ,  and i would recommend it highly .
like what previous reviewers said ,  this product is really fantastic .
my first impression was that this bamboo block is solid .
this num_extend whisk is well made  .  . with a very nice handle .
i dont know about the negative reviews on this ,  i find it to be a solid constructed cord .
i think that will be more attractive and more durable .
they stack on top of each other and won t separate .
i like it better than my heavy expensive bissel which went kaput after num_num years .
i ve had my kitchenaid mixer for over num_num years and love it .
so far this product has lived up to my expectations .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
i like these and would recommend them for the chemex coffee maker .
i would recommend buying any type of screen protectors from this seller .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
when this got to my home it was outstanding to have them in my hands i was so happy .
i was so impressed that i bought this one on amazon while staying at their house .
i love this brand of anything they have .
they feel pretty much like regular dishes though slightly lighter a plus for me and worth the durability factor .
i have to say that i am very impressed with this case .
this color really looks good with the white iphone num_extend
i love this case ,  my family has num_num iphones and i have this case on all of them .
small but they did work will get some more .
great size !  much larger than the standard bowl that comes with the place settings .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
i will be buying more from this seller .
just like the other reviews say ,  this is a fabulous product . out of the box it makes perfect white rice .
yes this seems like a lot of work but it is well worth the effort .
i bought this for my wife for christmas and surprised she hasn t worn it out yet .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
i like them because they do look nice and polished .
i love this pan and will buy more in other sizes .
this is my absolute favorite purchase from amazon so far .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
it works great ! very satisfied with the quality of the dualit .
one battery will last more than a day ,  and he can keep the other handy as a backup .
this is the most stable treo i have ever owned .
we both have samsung charge s for phones and these connect really well ,  sometimes too well .
these are so much better than the food coloring you would buy out of the grocery store .
you will get used to the size very quickly .
my only gripe is that the rubber is not as tight as it should be  but it s good enough  .
i bought two sets to fit num_num coasters on .  .  . love them !  .
i think they still look good even though i just clean with regular dish soap .
i think that it lasted over num_num years and this great price is quite a big deal .
i am glad i bought this instead of a fancy coffee machine that froths . easy to use ,  easy to clean .
i was very surprised with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
i have had it over a year and it still works which is a big plus these days .
so far this bag has worked out very well .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
but after she used it the first time it is a big hit and that s all she uses now .
i have had this vac for two years and every time i use it ,  i am grateful .
this brand is amazing and the prices could not be better .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
once you have it in ,  it does stay in well though . i definitely recommend this product .
i don t even mind that i have to hand clean them because it is so easy to clean them .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
the sound quality is stellar ,  and people can hear me better on it than with just my straight phone .
no matter what stove you have ,  this is a great buy .
my first set of canisters are still working great and they are at least num_num years old .
it looks great ,  holds heat well with the lid on ,  and cleans up easily .
this is a great low cost case for the virgin mobile android phone .
excellent deal on the case and i could not find a better deal anywhere online .
crisp clear sound and security over the ear .
has a very sharp edge and most importantly the knife is affordable .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
love lodge products and this was no exception .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
this product is a good value ,  and is a good power source for my iphone .
i know its an older product ,  but it works extremely well .
there s also enough space between the rods to allow easy cleaning of the sink with a sprayer .
it was nice to have a protector over my phone since i carry my phone in my front pocket .
this is good for about num_num full charge to the iphone num_extend
got these on cyber monday so far very happy with these pans ,  cheap and work well .
in all ,  i really like it and would buy it again .
this is a no frills product that gets the job done .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
i don t have any issues with the fit and so far it has worked well .
the num_extend did the trick . pairing this with my tour was quick and effortless .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i purchased this platter num_num years ago and it has held up nicely .
everything is great ,  the product was what i wanted .
i love that i am able to put the phone in landscape mode with this car mount .
i have to say i am very satisfied with this tool .
this works so much better and i noticed the difference in the taste right away .
it is thin enough to heat up fast ,  and just thick enough to hold the heat well .
i purchased this headset about a year ago and have been very pleased with it .
however ,  this is well worth the purchase price .
i would recommend ordering from them ,  you will be just as happy as i am .
we have been very satisfied with this product ,  enough to order a second time .
it makes great bread in num_num different sizes and many different types ,  whole wheat  , basic ,  etc .
absolutly the best thing you could buy for your cell phone .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
i really like the magnetic part of this case .
i have used it almost every day since receiving it . perfect size for two .
i love these ,  they hold more than i thought they would .
if you are looking for something that is fast ,  this is very helpful to have in the kitchen .
i can use my keyboard and mouse with my tablets with ease now .
we ve used this popper for over num_num years and love it .
this is a great idea and for small sliced things it may work well .
these are the best for your nice ceramic knives as we can t cut on stone or glass with them .
these canisters have been good so far ,  i store nuts in them and they have been kept fresh .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i recommend this to anyone who desires quality china pieces with butterflies .
i ll tell you what ,  these were a fantastic deal .
this is the best grater i have ever used .
the stainless steel is a must for a busy baker .
the price was very good and that s why i bought it .
i love being able to use these with my phone and num_extend player .
i have tried several brands of hot air poppers and this is the best .
i have ordered these over and over and over !  the price is great and they work great .
this is only a num_num amp charger ,  and does work very well .
this mixer does the job ,  and handles these with no problems .
i don t want a big board so i thought this looked like a good compromise ,  and it is .
it is stainless steel ,  good quality ,  easy to clean ,  can t say enough about this coffee pot .
i love the ease with which this product works ,  it is invaluable in your kitchen .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
i wish more products are packaged this way . overall i think this is a good product .
i will be getting another one of these .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
this is another of those items that i will give as a hostess gift or housewarming gift .
this waffle maker is the best i ve ever seen .
if you have to replace the digitizer on any touch screen phone this product is a must .
the good part is that they are from fiesta ,  always a good choice .
i purchased this lid for a num_extend calphalon skillet and it fits .
very nice and they asked for my serial number and offered to send me a replacement battery .
i am very glad that i purchased this product .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
holy cow this one  the browne  is such better quality .
i ve been using it now for about num_num months and for the most part i m satisfied .
it did ,  so i now have plenty !  love this item !  .
this product fulfills one need and does it really well .
they are by far the most useful bowls i have ever encountered .
the tea is good and so far  less than num_num weeks  it functions well .
the charge light got green and thecable was a success .
i have used this a great deal and extends the use of the mixer .
it does what it is supposed to ,  sounds good ,  feels good on the ear and has great battery life .
my husband and i love garlic and use this about once a week .
i am so happy with my purchase and i would recommend this stylus set to anyone .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i ordered this vacuum nearly a year ago and absolutely love it .
the flavor of this drip method is superior to that of the coffee press .
it was still in great shape .  . worked perfectly after many years of use .
they also have long handles ,  which makes them easier to use .
it is easy to clean ,  you do have to take it apart ,  but i would have done that anyway .
the power button is easy to use with this case .
i have been using these forever and love them .
the old one still works fine ,  but we have a spare and cannot say how great this product is .
i would recommend this too anyone who want to have different plates on a daily basis .
the unit is a little smaller than i imagined it would be but thats a good thing .
i would definitely recommend you give it a try !  .
it is num_extend long but that works for me in most situations .
love this brand ,  and love the improvements they have made since i purchased my first one in num_extend
i would love to have this same mixer with a larger bowl .
they have a strong grip and if you fold a bag over they seal very well .
it is quick to charge your phone and chargean extra item at the samse time .
this headset was also very easy to use for the first time .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
when this item came up online ,  i snatched it up right away .
it is very sharp out of the box ,  and after num_num months of use it is still going strong .
this is the first veggie steamer i ve ever used ,  and i m impressed .
you will not be disappointed ,  these are very good tools .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
when using them the popcorn comes out crisp each time .
when i found this set ,  i was elated and am not at all disappointed with the quality .
thirdly the time it took to get here was amazing ,  i would buy this product again  !  .
so far every time that i have used it ,  it works great and gets the job done .
i purchased this juicer in num_num and it s still going strong .
i can t say enough good things about this .
i am sure we will get a lot of use out of this product .
but this one didn t come with them ,  other than that i love it .
this thing works great and is cheaper here that at retail stores .
great for tethering your phone with a laptop or charging from your desk .
the interface is also customized and pretty cool with the num_num home screens moving in a num_extend
i have never used one ,  tried it out and it is wonderful .
the battery is great and lasts a very long time .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
this did what it was supposed to do and seems solidly made .
i bought this on a whim ,  but it really works great .
i also bought the silicon case from the same vendor  also a good buy  .
this is a very simple product that looks good and does its job .
and it is really amazing that this product is so inexpensive ,  it is an outstanding value .
i bought the froth au lait in num_extend and it s been going strong all these years .
well made and it works ,  but it s smaller than i expected .
this product arrived on time from the shipper and that s great in itself .
this product is good but the customer service is even better .
and i could hear them quite well too .
i really couldn t be more pleased with this product !  .
overall i have had a good experience with this device .
these were rated so well and looked so unique online that i bought them .
i bought this pot after seeing a long list of positive reviews ,  and i m happy to add to it .
bought this for my dear husband as a surprise .
this one of the greatest products from plantronics !  !  i have tried others that have failed signifantly in the past .
i would recommend this for any tea lover or beginner !  much better than the tea clamps .
doesn t totally fit my num_extend perfectly but it does work .
i really like this case for my plantronics bluetooth headset .
he uses it quite often and it helps keep the battery charged .
would   and have  purchased again . great protector for an older phone .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
they protect you and your knives when you store them .
still ,  this works fine ,  although i do wonder about the aluminium in the back of my head .
i am very happy with the quality of this knife .
this mix it up a bit and make things a little more fun .
i was very happy that they came in a num_num pack because num_num just really isn t enough .
bought this num_extend one as i love num_extend one so much .
but ,  it works well enough when the electric one doesn t work for the can .
this would be the best battery one that you could get .
these pitchers are a very nice product and i like how well the lid seals onto the picture .
i like this product because it really protects my phone .
i was just all around glad that i got these and would recommend them to anyone .
it it is reliable ,  i would have been happy .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i am very pleased with this battery ,  because it really lasts a long time .
all in all i recommend this case if you want to have a case for your incredible .
the mauviel feels so strong that i would wonder if i couldn t stand on it safely .
these are very cute and they look just like they do in the picture .
havent had any problems with this car charger very pleased .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
very godd vibrant color that shows the beauty for the phone .
i like this product and would buy again .
i couldn t be more pleased with this product .
this really should have come with the phone ,  but since it didn t ,  this is a good buy .
this skin is definitely worth buying and for this price i d say go for it .
will remind you of a more expensive cappuccino cup ,  and a really nice size .
i searched and searched and finally picked this one because of the positive reviews .
this was the least expensive out of all the ones i have tried and it works the best .
this is a very nice touch and one i came to appreciate very quickly .
it works great and does not feel like its a $ product .
would certainly buy this product again in the future .
i m sure it would work just as well on a gas range .
this pan is much better made and has performed well so far .
was looking for a long time for something like this and it works .
this is the best digital thermometer i ve ever used .
the old one still works fine ,  but we have a spare and cannot say how great this product is .
we have both an iphone num_num and num_extend in our home and this case fit both perfectly .
i use this several times a day and just love it .
i am more than happy with this product .
the nice thing about this is you don t have to squeeze hard for it to work .
so i bought this and i love it after only about a week with it .
for what it does ,  this product is almost perfect .
this is a well made quality product that makes very good coffee .
she doesn t have to use this every day ,  but when she does need a charge ,  it s worked just fine .
containers were a little smaller than expected ,  but worth the price .
you won t be disappointed with the quality ,  power or its sleek look .
having this item for a week now i can say it does what it is supposed to do .
it is well made and very useful in staging clothing for upcoming trips .
this is a nice charger that works perfectly with the iphone num_extend
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
i use the model num_num with good results .
i always do research before buying a product and the research on this product was well worth it .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
it looks good and feels good in your hands .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
treatment with a product like this is key to the life of a quality cutting board .
it goes on easily enough and adheres very well to the screen .
i love the blue light that illuminates when it s plugged in .
i expected something a little larger ,  but this serves it s purpose well .
i bought this for my brother and he s so happy with it .
i purchased this product months ago and love it for making chili in the oven .
so for me ,  this set was a good deal .
so far after about a month it still works fine .
i bought these batteries here from amazon ,  and i love them .
i have purchased these several times and i love them .
i just got this product and am very impressed .
i bought this one based on the good reviews .
i am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is .
having used other external battery packs ,  i can say that this one is just about perfect for my needs .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i travel for work and this item really has come in handy while on the road .
the lids are still in great shape although i have never put them in the dishwasher .
i really recommend everyone to get this product .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
so far so good ,  nothing would get stuck on this thing .
i have the old num_num gallon one and love how well it still humidifies after all these years .
this battery is an excellent replacement for the original battery .
i ve had mine for num_num years now ,  using it every morning ,  and it s still going strong .
it s just a little item that actually works .
i give this product five stars because of how fun it looks .
would recommend this to anyone who wants a nice set .
she says it s a better quality than she expected for the price .
this item is very cheaply made ,  but works great !  it froths milk like a pro ,  and it s fast .
very reasonably priced unit looks much better than more expensive oxo version .
however this one from amazonbasics is really good .
i have been using it and i just have to say that i love everything about it .
if you are having those kinds of problems ,  i highly recommend this product .
the water in my cup actually stays hot for more than just a few minutes .
even though these are cheap ,  they have great sound when you get a good seal in your ear .
i ve tried it on four different phones and had it work great with all of them .
this one is much more sturdy ,  which is really all you need in a ricer .
this was well worth the money ,  it does a very fast charge in the car .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
overall ,  it s a good product that i still use and would buy again .
this battery has brought new life to my evo num_extend
i am very pleased and would recommend this product to anyone .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
it works really good with my galaxy note num_extend
these hooks have enough give to them that they can handle quite a bit .
i bought a  used like new  one from an amazon marketplace dealer and it works fine .
i love this coffee maker . it s a nostalgia trip and it makes excellent coffee .
this product is a good buy for the price .
it seems to be reasonably well made ,  and doesn t feel cheap .
this bc num_extend may not be compatible with apple new devices but it does the job on charging .
however ,  i was quite pleased with this purchase .
gave this a try and found that it works .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
i really think that this little coffee grinder is amazing .
i would highly recommend this product to all my family and friends .
i wish there were more choices in the actual corelle ,  i just love them .
use this on my nightstand to charge all my tech overnight ,  and it works very well for this purpose .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i like them and would recommend them so far .
these are the best deal out there and run very long .
once you find that ,  it s easy to use and to find when the phones are on .
i bought this because america s test kitchen said it was the best .
you will be happy you have the extra one day when you do need to plug something else in .
we frequently make salsa using this device and find that it does a great job .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i purchased several cases for my droid num_num and i liked this one the best .
it works better than i thought it would .
i bought this for my dad because the one i got num_num years ago still works perfectly .
they are so comfortable that you will forget you have them on .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
i ve had them for more than a year and they are just as sharp as new .
overall ,  takes a little getting used to ,  but i would recommend to a friend .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
this product is an answer for several of my needs .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
i bought this product for my mother and she likes them very much .
i would recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook .
other than that ,  i am really pleased with this purchase .
i just received this  very timely delivery  ,  and am already impressed .
seems like i always have to say  hi  twice ,  after that it works just fine .
i think my coffee is better than starbucks now ! cleaning this pot is so easy .
it seems to be of very high quality and i believe will last me a very long time .
i give this product five stars because of how fun it looks .
i strongly recommend to find a lid that fits well if you buy this product .
i have had very good results with this hot plate .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
while cleaning up after meals ,  i find myself smiling at how effective this little device is .
i love this cover !  fits my evo num_extend perfectly .
i just ordered the case in the light blue because i like this product so much .
i particularly like to fact that the top is large and allows one to see what is happening inside .
this thing worked well right out of the box .
love this product ,  made my bluetooth that much better !  .
this is heavy duty and much more sturdy .
still ,  i d recommend these because they have served me well for many months now .
thanks to all the other reviewers who rated this knife so highly !  .
i am still using it to this day even though i have a different phone now .
i have owned this for num_num months and i m quite satisfied .
i would recommend purchasing this dock if it fits your needs .
this product if so worth it if you love popcorn !  .
but ,  this is a product that i can really stand behind .
i purchased this case for my new motorola droid bionic recently and liked the way it looked .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
this has that corn perfectly steamed in num_num minutes .
i haven t used them yet but they look like they re easy to attach and use .
that alone should tell you that it s a good product .
i ve tried many different waffle irons over the years and this ,  by far ,  is the best one .
it s heavy and sturdy so you won t have to worry about pressing to hard on it .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works just as it is intended .
i was very happy when i received it ,  because i was in need of this product .
anker is a company that stands behind what they sell and cares about client satisfaction .
the best part is the belt hook doesn t break off like the other ones i have purchased .
i went running with them on for several miles and they stayed on perfectly .
i read the reviews and decided to give this size a try and for me ,  it is perfect .
it works and does what it s supposed to do . fits num_extend samsung galaxy num_extend
have had this on for about num_extend years now ,  and it still looks great .
it looks like it s made well and like it will last for quite a while .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
amazon has the best deal if you have amazon prime for free shipping .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
it ;s so easy to use and so easy to clean that you ll never use anything else again .
i have all num_num sizes of the lecreuset braiser with my latest being the num_num quart which is great .
very high quality case that fits perfectly and offers superb protection .
this thing is great for any items that you don t want to stick .
these is  albeit made in china  a quality charger .
there isn t much to say about these :  they work great .
i really like the cuisinart products and this is no exception !  .
i ve only used it a couple of times but would recommend it for small to medium roasts ,  etc .
i got actually num_num of these and they have been working great .
i ve had a set of these for about num_num years now and they still look like new .
we use this all the time and it has held up very well .
this headset works so well with my num_extend
this is without a doubt the best waffle maker out there .
it s smaller than your average masher and very sturdy .
she just love it !  i still have some pyrex bowls from num_num years ago .
this is the best stone by far !  i have tried many before this one .
i didn t think these headphones would work as good as they do but i m a believer now .
i recommend these and would buy more .  .  .  . i think i will buy more !  .
the best way to care for them is to swish it in hot soapy water ,  after using .
you can use it at home or take it along with you on your camping trips .
this strainer is large enough and filters well enough to do this task .
this fits my iphone num_extend like a glove .
this is a great little milk frothing pitcher that i use with my mini espresso machine .
if you are looking for an rfid blocking wallet ,  this is definitely one you should consider .
however ,  i still get great results with mine .
it is still usable ,  i just wish it didn t curl .
this is the best thing i could have done for my electric bill .
my expectations have been met ,  so i would recommend this product .
worth more than the money spent for it !  .
i actually ordered this item for a friend i work with .
after searching through the amazon site i was happy to see the num_extend as a perfect replacement .
i recently purchased this quesadilla maker and have been pleased with the results so far .
the other brands have one that fits in the water reservoir .
i would buy this again and would recommend it to a friend .
i recommed this with num_num stars !  it s great !  !  .
this is a nice block and for the price it is even better .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
windows num_num recognized it right away for me .
i have no complaints with this protective case and i highly recommend it for your iphone .
another thing i really appreciated is the fast shipping so bravo to the seller for that .
what do you expect for the price ?  this is a wonderful pitcher .
when i wear these out i will definitely be buying more .
i would purchase again from this seller in the future !  .
it has all the presence of something that will last a long time even with lots of use .
i have arthritis in my hands and a son who loves cookies .
i have a palmone num_extend and i am really having a good time with both now .
overall ,  i think the folks at jabra got this one right .
that is the reason i stay with verizon; they re the most reliable out of the bunch .
i ve had this product for about a year now and i really like it ,  good choice .
i ve had this battery for about num_num weeks now ,  and so far ,  it is superior to the oem battery .
i would buy this again and i highly recommend it .
it makes a perfectly cooked pizza in about num_num minutes .
i ve tried about num_num different headsets from different mfgs and these are the best ones so far .
i purchased this item several years ago ,  and it is still going strong .
this is the best coffee maker i have ever owned .
i would recommend this product to anyone who grills a lot .
amazon had the best price and free shipping .
i ,  on the other hand ,  have been very happy to find this ,  proud to own it .
i got mine at bed bath and beyond but have since bought one for my mom and sister .
this is a really good product ,  and with patient technique you should have a positive experience ,  too .
this product works fine for cooking raw tortillas .
it s super sharp and cuts onions like they were butter .
like another reviewer ,  i bought this num_num years ago and it still works great .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
no bluetooth headset is perfect ,  but the jawbone icon hero is the best one i ve used .
all in all ,  i am very happy with the product and the price is very good .
i would buy this again and recommend it to others .
the grandchildren are enjoying them as well ,  now that they re helping in the kitchen .
i have tried several brands and this one is the best performer by far .
recommended if hearing your conversations is more important than looking fabulous .
now that i know what i m doing ,  i love it .
so i m giving it four stars because it works good .
i found new covers from amazon and should have used amazon in the first place .
for me the slim silicone case does well .
both arrived well packed and razor sharp within about num_num days .
for my needs ,  it s more than adequate . i do like the knife .
this is a thing that i like so much i m thinking of buying a third .
absolutely nothing sticks to it and it makes clean up a breeze .
i wish i would have gotten one for myself sooner but am happy to have it now .
it s very compact and comes apart easily to clean .
and of course because they work !  these cables are a thumbs up !  !  .
however ,  i can tell you that it is great for what i num_extend
i bought this item on november num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
but my love language is baking so this was really exciting to crack open .
purchased this product and i am very pleased with it .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
i m very happy with this ,  exactly what i was looking for .
i ordered four of these covers ,  they all shipped very fast and work great .
four months after purchasing ,  it is still performing like the day i got it !  .
great customer service in trying to help with my situation .
it is well made ,  and is just as good as the $ case at the store .
i would love to have the same product with bigger buttons .
they feel like a fresh pedicure each and everytime .
i believe that you will like this product .
with something like this ,  it either works ,  or it doesn t ,  and this one works just fine .
this one actually weights something and works much better than the ones we had .
but the pros of this product ,  along with the great price ,  make this a purchase that i d make again .
i have had this itme for over a year and still work great .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
raves : when used as a headset for skype ,  the microphone is surprisingly effective .
i will probably have to hone the blade later on but it looks easy to do .
i like this one ,  because you can set it for a more than one or two hours .
i m happy to say mine are still going strong after three months .
just the right size for us and use it more than any other that i have .
i have tried out the timer and have been happy with it .
i wore them for many hours and they are very comfortable .
a must buy if you want to carry one device that does it all .
other than that ,  i am really happy with this product and i would recommend it !  .
fits great and works well like they should .
i am extremely pleased with this product and highly recommend it to anyone .
but you know what ?  i got this item again and i m still very happy .
what a great price for this little gadget .
i ve not had a failure yet and it s much quicker and cleaner than the traditional method .
i love this product and would definitely recommend this product .
worked really well on the first roast we cooked with it .
this is a best can opener that i have owned .
love the bright blue led and the charger works flawlessly with my galaxy num_extend
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
i bought this because of all the good reviews after having read all the cautious reviews .
i ve been using it for a couple months now ,  and it has met my expectations .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
the sound is great ,  comes with num_num kinds of buds .
this larger screen makes typing on the virtual keyboard much more accurate and easier to use than smaller screens .
we tried this machine and it really took care of business .
i would recommend this to anyone wanting a serious machine they will use .
i just used this for the first time and it cleaned up great .
this product got me out of a bind more than once .
this case has been a very good one for my iphone num_extend
i will buy more from this company in the future .
that being said ,  i like this case a lot .
it does work very well and makes a great cup of jo .
however ,  i did succeed in using this method ,  and it works very well .
i had one by dirt devil that i used for over num_num years .  .  . it died and this replacement is great .
but the best part about it is that it works perfectly !  !  !  love it !  !  !  .
so we just popped this one in and we were good to go for the rest of the day .
love this item .  .  .  .  .  . wish i had ordered it years ago .
we have been delighted with every waffle it has produced .
the best feature is that it keeps the rice warm and perfect for up to num_num hours .
i love this vacuum .  .  . i have had a couple of them and will continue to buy them .
their particular talents are those the other reviewers have noted .
we have had this oven for about one year and we are very satisfied with it s performance .
he is satisfied with this case and it attached on his duty built very easily .
i ll use it until it dies then probably get a stronger one . overall though it s treated me very well .
i bought this to slice cold cuts and cheese ,  it does both very well .
they re very sturdy and the little ball chain keeps them all together ,  even in the dishwasher .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i ll be back for more of this brand in the future .
you have to buy it for yourself and you will then understand why i love it so much .
so i have more room under one sink than the other ,  but this fits .
these are a good size . what i didn t num_extend
while this car charger may be more expensive than some of the alternatives you re looking at ,  it s also better .
this case is really good for this phone .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
learn to care for it and it will care for you the rest of your life .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
they work well with iphones ,  and ipods and can plug into any computer for downloading and charging .
we got this knife after receiving a breadmaker as a gift .
i have three so far and i would recommend these .
really like their clarity and the fact that they re sturdy for everyday use .
for the price ,  i m very pleased and would not hesitate to recommend these .
i really like this product and would order again .
this item would work great as a dutch oven too .
it does the job well and it s a very well made product .
i think this is the best i have come across and i would buy this product again .
i have tried several brands and this one is the best performer by far .
they have all served us well in the last num_num years of marriage .
we found this bag and it looked like just what we needed .
i highly recommend this case for the samsung galaxy note .
purchased this product to give to the lady who does my nails .
worked first time ,  every time . easy to use ,  program . rock solid ,  no complaints !  .
we ve owned ours for over num_num years and it has functioned flawlessly during that time .
on the whole ,  i like this book very much .
we have about num_num pieces and this is one of our favourites .
i imagine this product to be great for women since they can easily store this in their purses .
love the otterbox cases ,  they have saved my iphone so many times .
i ve used it num_num times or so now and it is easy to use and clean .
very pleased with this purchase and this seller .
not just the num_num that came with it . great deal ,  very fast shipping .
very happy with this product and would definitely recommend .
i love this press !  i don t understand why some people are having trouble with it .
i would have the phone and the headset . i love the size of this phone .
very satisfied with this case with what i paid .
touch screen is much better than num_num and num_extend
these work just as well as more expensive screen protectors i ve tried .
great i love it !  i had no problems what so ever .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
tried alot of other bluetooth with my iphone num_extend and this is so far the best .
i m really impressed that whether i m making num_num cups or num_num cups ,  the end result is always consistently perfect .
it makes my phone look new again and fits perfectly over my standard num_extend battery .
after reading reviews i ordered this mandoline which has turned out to be a very good purchase .
i love having a phone that i can just swap out the batteries when needed .
and best of all ,  you know exactly what is in that soup !  .
this little pan worked like a champ and they loved them .
i was very pleased when it arrived because it was exactly what i was looking for .
i ve owned the roomba for over num_num years now and love it .
i like that this product is so quiet .
i used this a couple of times and it worked very well .
this car charger fits very well ,  have bought the same color cable and am very satisfied .
i bought this locally about two years ago .
this product is well designed ,  and i would buy it again .
i have tried them all and then one is head and shoulders above all of them .
this is another great product and i will always order from here in the future .
i can t capture it in my shoulder very well either .
it really does work like a mini toaster oven and griddle as well .
this is a great alternative to those much more expensive espresso makers .
these are much better quality and have a durable finish .
i have a feeling that will work out as well .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
i bought this for my iphone num_extend and im pretty pleased with it .
i was very happy to find this item .
take your time aligning the piece in place .
i ve only used this twice so far it has worked very well .
i am very happy with this case ,  easy to put on .
this is a good product it conforms to all the specs as detailed on the webpage .
this pan turns out a very nice size cheesecake for entertaining .
this item is a great size and quality .
i like these bags because i can see what s in them .
i have purchased several different brands of stylus and this brand is good .
it s also very easy to clean since there are now only two parts to this .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i bought one at target about three years ago .
aside from that though ,  great product !  clean up is very easy .
i could never say enough good things about lodge and all of their great products .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
i ve owned mine for a year ,  and love it !  if i could give it num_num stars i would .
this fits my samsung galaxy num_extend very well .
it fits literally like a glove on my num_extend
i ve tried this product and can verify that it does work quite well .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
just received this measuring cup and it is great  !  just like the older ones we own .
otherwise i ve been very please with this product .
this was such a great deal that i bought num_num chargers .
i like the white color too ,  just looks nice and clean .
this is very good with the noise canceling and feel very comfortable .
we have owned these knives for many years and they still hold a great edge .
they fit on my head well and don t fall off when bending over etc .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
i ve had this over num_num years and it is still one of my favorite pans .
it is also high quality and wont break very easily .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i ve used it several times ,  washed each time ,  and it s still a nice circle .
i have fallen in love with this case .
i trust they will make it right if you don t get what you want .
it really feels like a strong cable that will last .
would buy these again and still have on my phone .
we are all very satisfied with the product and your service .
like a lot of others reviewers i also own the num_num piece set and like them a lot .
i really like the design and look of this case .
we ve been using these for over ten years and they are just as good as new .
i was really pleased at how different my coffee tasted after using this grinder .
this dock works well with my droid num_extend
each waffle only takes about num_num seconds to cook . easy to clean .
this is very simple ,  but i like it that way .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
i have been using this for num_num months now and its really good .
it also cleans easily with hot soapy water .
i bought this coffee several months ago and have been very happy with it .
bought this for my daughter last year ,  and she absolutely loves it .
i really enjoy using this item for both cooking and serving things with butter .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
i ve tried this out on a couple of occasions now and i really like it .
other than that ,  it goes easily in and out of pockets ,  so i d definitely recommend this product .
i just received this product today ,  i love it .
it just worked !  would recommend this and buy again .
we store all our food in glass with bpa free lids since this is best for your health .
for now this is as close as we ve seen ,  and deserves four stars .
this product works very well at keeping opened bottles of wine from going bad .
i was pleasantly surprised to find that these cutters are very well made .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
quite possibly the best headset i ve ever used .
the muffin pan is just another example of a quality product .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i love it . i ve read other reviews of buyers who complained that food sticks .
they have nothing on this machine .  .  . i love it .
i have recommended this to many people who love to cook ,  but hate hauling out appliances .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
i like the case it came with and the item itself seems to be very sturdy .
if you like cooking from scratch and you cook for many then this is the size you should have .
but seems sturdy and like it will last a long time .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
one he loaned to a friend !  this and the other incra item i purchased for him .  .  . he was very impressed .
this has that corn perfectly steamed in num_num minutes .
this should be called the  best friend charger  because that is exactly what it is .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
this charger does charge fast and the quality is excellent for the price .
i did a lot of research before purchasing this set ,  and most reviews were very good .
for the price ,  i couldn t believe how nice this set is .
i still give it num_num stars because of its great fit and great sound quality .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
i got this num_num years ago for christmas and love it .
this was the best purchase of the holiday season .
we saw the good reviews for this cleaner ,  so we decided to give it a try .
i attached them to my ipod ,  ipad and they last so i m very happy with this product .
you can feel the quality even with just holding the knife in your hand .
this are just as represented and very high quality so would highly recommend .
i would absolutely recommend this yogurt maker and would purchase again .
i cannot believe a found a knife that is super sharp and well made for this price .
this will make buying bulk meat from the local farmers market butcher more feasible .
i love this coffee maker !  i have used these for the last several years .
this little fan runs great and really moves a lot of air with very little noise .
love these little car chargers ,  i bought this one for my mom when she got a new phone .
they are the exact ones that came with the phone . thanks .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
i must say so far i m very please with how long the battery lasted .
i noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
have been meaning to write a review on this product; it is that good .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
ordered this for my daughters iphone num_num and it fit perfectly on it .
coffee maker  got it as a gift over num_num years ago  .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
i got this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend ,  and he tackle glomped me .
with something like this ,  it either works ,  or it doesn t ,  and this one works just fine .
i ve had this product for over two months and so far i am very pleased with it .
they seem to have a leg up on the market .
this is my first time to own a mandolin and this one works very well .
my expectations have been met ,  so i would recommend this product .
they all look new ,  to be honest ,  even though most of them are over a year old .
would purchase them and recommend them in a heartbeat !  .
i purchased these for my wife and they sound better than any headset i ve ever used .
it is a good scraper but i would have liked it better if it had a wooden handle .
just wish there were even more pieces !  i recommend this set .
i like this case and it will protect my iphone well .
i have never had a problem with this smaller one in my toaster oven .  .  . fit is perfect .
design : the first thing that struck we was how well it was designed .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
it works pretty good and i can walk away from my phone and it is still clear .
there are so many adjustments on this chair .
this tape is amazing when it comes to keeping your device together .
nice and hot !  after num_num years ,  my old faithful braun finally stopped getting anywhere near hot enough .
i recommend this product to those who have a sweet spot they want to  move  inside .
he says it works great and when needed will purchase this product again .
i have been very pleased with this set from corelle .
great color and overall protection !  i really liked this case for my phone .
i have given these for gifts and also have had two sets of them over the years .
love this pan !  i would definitely recommend this to others .
i purchased an adapted from another manufacturer and i am good to go .
being able to turn off the leds would be nice ,  they are very bright .
i have used these earbuds for num_num months now and they have exceeded my expectations .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
but it s still much better than any other cooling cushion i ve used .
the sound quality is the best i ve seen so far .
we ve had two farberware pot sets over our num_extend years of marriage and they have been excellent .
i bought this about num_num years ago and it has performed very well ,  opens the can with minimal effort .
the volume level is excellent ,  and the microphone picks up well even in noisy environments .
that drives me nuts ,  butother than that ,  this unit is perfect .
they are small ,  and fit my ear very well .
i just used my last one and these work really well .
they are great i keep at least num_num in my car at all times .
like what previous reviewers said ,  this product is really fantastic .
i am glad that i did because it has come in so handy for so many things .
i love this stuff !  !  really cant stand to use regular dishware after using this .
so when the timer arrived i was pleasantly surprised with how well it worked .
other than that i love this case it is super cute and easy to put on .
the plantronics voyager num_num is a great headset for the right situation .
i d highly suggest buying it for this price .
i was recommend this product cause its great .
i would highly recommend this antenna to any one who has problems with cell reception .
the battery life is decent .  .  . just be sure to bring it in and charge it from time to time .
i gave it five stars because it fit perfectly and i needed a new one .
would i purchase it again for a gift yes ,  do i recommend it ,  absolutely yes .
much better r than some of my more expensive knives .
nothing sticks to it which makes it very easy to clean .
i thought at num_num pounds it would not be heavy enough but it works just fine .
i gave this four stars because oxo customer service is one of the best .
my recipe turned out great and this corer worked very well ,  helping cut down on prep time .
everything else about it is wonderful minus that bolt issue .
they seem to be very high quality ,  heavy ,  and i really like the design of the base .
i am very pleased with this battery ,  because it really lasts a long time .
bought this pan for the great amazon price .
easy to use and the price is right .  .  . you can t go wrong with this product .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
i m glad i bought these ,  they work great !  and with a low price ,  this is a win win purchase .
i would recommend this product to anyone who grills a lot .
this product works just as i expected it to :   .
and i can really tell the difference between it and the calphalon  commercial  line .
bought these for our num_extend xls and they work just fine .
this is a well made cake pan with a plastic lid .
this is a great low cost case for the virgin mobile android phone .
i feel like they are designed for people with special needs .
i just used this for the first time and it cleaned up great .
this one is well built with hard plastic top and basin .
i hope they will last a little longer .
i love the fact that it takes up less space since one piece fits into the other .
at home it works flawlessly with my wireless router .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
i love it that i bought num_num more !  .
this large skillet is great quality ,  especially considering the price .
bought this case for my wife and she absolutely loves it .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
it s worked out fine for more than num_extend years !  !  awesome .
this product looks amazing ,  it is very chic with a sleek design .
i would highly recommend this for any kitchen or bar .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i used it with my iphone and it was so simple to use .
the older you get the more you appreciate comfort and these deliver .
every day i try something new and i m really enjoying learning with this machine .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
i love this thing cause i can charge my iphone and ipad at the same time .
i have had this toaster for about six months and i am very happy with it .
so much better than trying to pour at a constants peed by hand !  !  ! the machine is easy to use .
otherwise the body armor is fantastic and i would recommend them to anyone .
i will never give this mixer up it s great for everything .
after num_num years ,  the lid broken ,  but it still works . i got this one and love it .
so far ,  the suction cup seems to work very well .
both devices can be connected at the same time .
bought this yogurt maker based on price and reviews and i was not disappointed .
i have even used grocery store popcorn on occasion with similar results . the machine is very easy to clean .
i was pleased with this product and would use it again .
all that being said ,  it will make one of the best cups of coffee you ll ever drink .
and great to protect the phone as well from most anything .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
definitely satisfied with this purchase ,  and would buy it again !  .
my first set is about num_num years old and looks as good as my num_extend set .
that being said ,  i ve taken it on a few trips and it s proving its worth .
i would buy this again in the future without hesitation .
this machine makes espresso drinks very easy ,  fast ,  and tasty .
my num_num year old son loves it and even my friends like it .
this product is great .  .  . and i now have num_num of them .
also ,  this product is very easy to clean .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
but you might want to think twice if you re cooking for more than two . i highly recommend this steamer .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
not with the presto ,  i made a few batches about num_num minutes apart and they came out perfect .
i would recommend this product for anyone looking for a simple fm transmitter for their ipod .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
the shipper did a good job and refunded the money promptly .
i had a very good experience with this cable .
i have had a turbo cooker for over a year now and i am completely satisfied with the results .
i ve used this cover a few times ,  and it does seem to work .
the great thing about them is that they re color coded and convenient .
there are so many uses for this product that i can t rave enough .
love this juicer even more than when i first started using it .
wanted a nice big coffee cup for my morning coffee and this fit the bill .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i got this item sooner than expected this vender is a person who do what they say .
this unit is much better than either of the aforementioned .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
kitchenaid is an excellent company that stands by their products .
i got this pan here on sale about num_num months ago and use it almost every day .
this adapter works well and is easy to carry in your purse or while traveling .
i have a trip planned that i can even take this with me on .
these fit the samsung galaxy num_extend from virgin mobile and work great .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
works well to cut our own bags to length rather than the precut style .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
if you could change the this ,  i will give you num_num starts . however generally this is a good product .
i have been using this brush every day and it looks and wears very well .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
they look good ,  feel good ,  and work very well .
this is great if you have a cell phone that holds num_extend music .
i would definitely recommend this case to anyone .
i just want something that works well and will last for a long time .
i also bought the glass top that amazon recommends for this unit and i m not disappointed .
they are now num_num years old and have held up very well .
i will definitely recommend this product to anyone s use .
this battery really makes the evo come alive and i like the back cover too .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i typically turn down on low which provides plenty of airflow and very quite .
plus hoovers are easy to take apart and i can fix just about anything on it !  .
would highly recommend . favorite thing is the lack of rubber on the majority of the outside .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i drop my phone a lot and feel a lot better with this one .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i ve had it for about num_num years now and it still works perfectly .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
this is a lot larger than one would think .
well worth the price ,  actually looks in person ,  looks much more expensive than the price .
they are very sturdy and i m sure they will last a long time .
a bit more expensive than most ,  but worth every penny .
i ordered one from amazon back in num_extend and was very pleased when it arrived .
the sound quality is very good when making phone calls .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i own the samsung galaxy note num_extend and it works great .
these are still good ,  as good as they have been for num_num years or more .
i purchased this headset about num_num weeks ago and so far i really like it .
i really like the magnetic part of this case .
i would recommend this purchase atleast for back up .
i think this is much more cost effective than buying bottled water .
i would not hesitate to recommend this product to a friend .
i loved this product  i ve upgraded to an num_extend so i can no longer use it  .
i have had very good results with this hot plate .
they have a great white color that should look great with any dish set .
this item arrived quickly from the seller and it works just as advertised .
if the price is in your budget i would recommend these for the quality ,  balance and the styling .
they handle bass pretty well ,  and i haven t had any issues with them so far .
this stand allows one to use their ipad without having to hold the heavy device .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
the other screamed at you !  i recommend going with this cover .
i have admired this kettle since i first saw it in the num_extend
its like new even have it for more than a year .
i bought these because they are compatible to my bunn coffee maker .
i purchased this because it got a good review on cooks illustrated .
these are unusual ,  elegant ,  and appear to be very well made .
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
the holster did a great job protecting my phone ,  however the holster took a hit .
when they call me ,  the sound of their voices are clear and they said they hear well .
i have dried everything i could think of and the jerky is great .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
if u arent in a hurry i would recommend this one .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone num_extend
definitely recommend as you see is what you get .
it s great !  it heats up in about num_num minutes ,  then cooks each waffle in about num_num minutes or less .
i am impressed with this product and with the quality .
i should have known it wouldn t be an issue ,  my wusthof knives are amazing .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
this is probably one of the most interesting tools i have ever bought .
it began to chip ,  peel and rust over time . this rack is much better than my old one .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
this desk top charging pod is the best i have bought in a long time .
that alone should tell you that it s a good product .
i have been very happy with this headset .
this has to be the best mixer i have ever owned .
this is the best pan i ve ever bought .
this machine is well worth buying ,  i will not buy anything else but one of these again .
this stove is very energy efficient with little change to our electric bill .
but it is still very durable and protects your phone very well .
but ,  if you d like that extra feature ,  then spring for the pro plus . i think it s the best .
i am confident that this will serve us well for a long time .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
got this for my num_num year old wife for christmas and she is completely enamored with it .
i have been happy with it ,  and appreciate good customer service like that .
it has a lifetime warranty and they take care of you when you contact them for a replacement .
love it and i do not know why i waited so long to buy one .
so happy with the first order that i ordered a second pan right away .
this is the second fan of this model i have bought and have not been disappointed yet .
i ve had this for about num_num weeks and so far it s been working great .
it cooks any meat within num_num minutes ,  perfectly every time .
after using it for four years the latter has been what has maintained my loyalty the most .
im going to have to buy more of these ,  they hold up well , i am happy with them .
it d be great if you can reply to an email or text with your voice .
this product does its job and yet affordable .
it would have benefited from a second loop handle ,  but the design is still nice .
you shouldn t have any trouble at all . so bottom line is : great product ,  great quality .
this is a great version of a old favorite of mine .
would recommend to anyone who s looking for this style .
this is so easy to use ,  my kids figured it out in less than five minutes .
this product is just what i was looking for in a set of whisks .
this thing is great !  i could not be happier with this charger .
but i have purchased other products from amazon . com and the quality has been incredible .
fits like a glove and offers a lot of protection too .
don t even think about buying anything else !  !  !  i literally cannot imagine a more perfect kitchen tool than this .
first one is still good and has lasted num_num years .
these were perfect for what i ended them for .
the clip seems to work a lot better than other cases i ve had over the years .
it s been working well for me since and i ve upped my score from num_num stars to num_num stars .
my husband and i love to cook and there are just some things you can t do without .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
i agree with what some others have said .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
it is very handy to be able to use a bag and just throw it away .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
i got this after getting some that didn t quite work very well and this is a big improvement .
i was looking for something unique for baking and this is just what i wanted .
so i give this product a five star and would recommend this to any one .
other than that ,  it is a good pan .
they make a huge difference when shredding ,  slicing ,  etc .
i got actually num_num of these and they have been working great .
ordered this for my daughters iphone num_num and it fit perfectly on it .
even though it is over num_num years old it still works very good .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
the sound quality is excellent and the battery life is very good .
i have to call amazon later on and let them know but other than that their great .
i used this pan as i do any other sheet pan and it baked extremely well .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
i have given this particular unit as a gift to family members .
i love anker ,  the company is top notch and he product is just as good .
i bought this num_num years ago and it s still working great .
we have been using it on a regular basis since we bought it .
i recommend and would buy again from them .
i purchased this item a while back ,  but i remember that it was great item .
on the num_extend vostro ,  the headset found sync and worked really well very quickly .
this worked very well ,  and the sifting was as fast as any other sifter i ve used .
this is a nice upgrade from the speaker we were using num_extend
charges and holds a charge just like the original battery .
happy with the purchase and will likely buy another set to have num_num settings .
this is my first fiesta ware item and i love it .
i also moved a couple things to make sure it could fit in certain areas .
the suction cups are of good quality and have held very well .
i have solved the kitty litter problem with this amazing sucking vacuum .
anyway ,  this product is easy to use and works very well .
i am giving it num_num stars because it does a great job toasting toast ,  bagels ,  and pop tarts .
the material on this one is not sticky ,  has a very soft feel .
this one product has made a huge difference in the ease of being in the kitchen .
i had bought one of these years ago and it has stood up thru the years .
i am totally happy with this product because it is stainless steel and very nice quality .
i wouldn t hesitate to recommend purchasing this product .
i have had this product now for over an year and am amazingly satisfied with it .
i ordered this set as an extra set for our summer home .
this frother works great and has more power than others i have owned , go for it !  .
this is definitely worth the $ i paid for it .
plan to order several more in other colors !  .
i have had them for a year and still love the look and haven t had one problem with them .
i bought this slicer about num_num years ago and it s the best slicer .
i recommend you buy this because its really great !  they stick well and last a long time .
if you re looking for a replacement ,  i would recommend this product !  .
these did the trick ,  and they are made very well .
we ve used this a couple of times already and it works well .
i would recommend it to anyone .  .  . and you can t beat the price !  .
the headphones work well with my old studio xps num_num and my new xps num_extend and my galaxy num_extend
so good that i placed a second order for num_num more .
i agree with everyone else ,  this item is a winner .
i ve had it up for about a week now and everything is still working as new .
they re also easier to clean than the plastic !  .
i can cook just about anything with these .
my wife and i have already used this product a couple of times ,  and it s worked great so far .
i like this one because it has a usb cord and you can just plug it in your computer .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
they are thick and sturdy ,  and have had no problems with hot liquids .
i purchased this new piece because i had been looking for a unique size and what a great buy .
for the price these are a great pair of headphones .
cheap little product that works very well with any kind of idevices .
i cooked num_num pieces of bacon num_extend and they were great .
not only do i have one at home ,  i have bought this as a gift as well .
based on other reviewers ,  i purchased this body glove case and it fits perfectly .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
i thought they were great and even put one in my office kitchen .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
has very good talk time num_extend hours  claimed but i cannot verify that .
i need to order some more because they come in handy when cooking a lot .
on the whole ,  i think this is a good product that i would recommend .
this is a nice clean poly board that stands up well with regular use .
this product was as good if not better than products advertised at $
i would definitely buy more from this company .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
i would recommend this for people any day .
this makes the iphone at least a little water resistant .
as soon as i took it out of the box it was love at first sight .
and i love the phone features which i use more now than just the listening to music .
it s a great buy ,  especially considering the price .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
found this frother on amazon and boy does it work .
i have had this unit for a little over num_num days now and it appears to work very well .
it makes a perfectly cooked pizza in about num_num minutes .
this set is much better than i expected it to be .
it s always nice being able to charge my phone ,  no matter what car i m in .
i used it last night to make stir fry and loved it .
would recommend this product to anyone looking for something similar .
they are more durable then the wide plastic clips i have used in the past .
i was happy to find that this is actually three separate ,  stackable racks .
helped with the fit for my ear and they were very comfortable .
i look forward to continuing to purchase their products for years to come .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
these are awesome !  they do what they are made to do .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
all knives are remain sharp and they have a nice heft to them .
if you are thinking about this one .  . dont worry it is good .
we ve had this coffee maker for about a week and we re very happy with it .
this one does it just like it should .
had it several months and will probably have it forever !  .
this is definitely a good value for the money ! update :  mine died at the end of num_extend
it cooks any meat within num_num minutes ,  perfectly every time .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
easy to install and they stay in place .
giftee really liked case and the fit was great on the iphone num_extend
i have a num_num inch pan and it works good .
these screen protectors were as described and fit my phone perfectly .
i was a blade grinder guy before ,  and i like this a lot better .
i ordered her this same thermometer  love amazon prime  ,  telling her how pleased i ve been with it .
this is a must have for anyone who uses their phone like a laptop .
i ve tried several different fillings and all have turned out just perfect .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
i ve had this for about num_num weeks and so far it s been working great .
i would recommend this company and buy from them in the future .
i got this instead ,  and it works very well .
ordered this from amazon ,  got it quick ,  and it is awesome .
my wife says the coffee from this is better than starbucks .
i bought this and used it twice now .
the product was delivered quickly and i recommend them .
the battery life on this unit is great .
this works for so many things i haven t the time to list them .
i love the vacu vin wine savers ,  as they have more than paid for themselves within the first month .
i like that it covers more of the front of the phone .
this num_extend unit will so she likes it too .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
overall ,  it does a good job for a really good price and i would purchase again .
i love this turner !  well worth the money spent !  .
they were so pretty ,  especially after the egg glaze did its job in the oven .
great if you have multiple devices to charge when traveling with other people .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
but it also works great when playing music .
i have had it num_num months and still love it . i hope this helps . jeri .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
the shell fits very well ,  and adds very little bulk to the phone .
the tiers are actually quite spacious ,  with the lower one capable of holding two  almost three  cornish hens .
or you can read the manual that came with . my wife loves it .
i purchased this product because it was advertised as hand made and i enjoy the look of wrought iron .
worth to spend the extra money and have this item as a backup .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
i generally like oxo good grips products and this is no exception .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
i was surprised that making popcorn this way tasted so good .
it s exactly what i ve come to expect from the oxo line .
and it really does work as well as you would expect too .
this is so easy to use and clean up that i should have bought one a long time ago .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
i mixed up and made three waffles within num_num minutes and each one turned out great .
oxo generally makes good stuff and these are no exception .
it stays hot for well over num_num hours !  even past that time it stays quite warm .
this is great for an airplane use to watch a movie .
but you don t have to be anything like as scattered as i to enjoy this clever case .
my carpets look great and if i could give this cleaner num_num stars ,  i would .
this very small speaker packs a big punch .
buy this product if you drop your phone a lot !  .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
we ve used this popper for over num_num years and love it .
this is really a quality case and one that has great feel and appearance .
this has that corn perfectly steamed in num_num minutes .
no problems with shipping from this seller ,  i m pleased all around !  .
it does this task well if your network uses one of the ranges it is compatible with .
as others have noted ,  it fits fairly well and looks good .
everything about this case fits well with the evo shift .
i didn t expect much for the price i paid but i was happy with this battery .
so to me ,  it looks even better than the one num_extend
this set seemed like a really great deal .
i have been using them and love them .
one more plus is that the iphone with the plastic cover still on ,  still fits inside this case .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
i rate this kettle a big emphatic !  num_num stars !  .
they look nice and do the job well !  no problems with these since i bought them .
in about num_num minutes you ve got perfect poached eggs .
seller was great in getting this across the country and in my hands in num_num days .
not the case  !  ! i ve used this crockpot three num_extend times so far and am very ,  very pleased with it .
this case is just perfect for what i needed .
easy to handle ,  firm and easy to clean ,  but they are much smaller than i expected .
given the low price ,  this bumper is pretty good quality .
the quality is great and it is very well designed .
we can t say enough good things about this product .
i really like this case when i first got it .
i am looking forward to using this blade next salmon season .
we have been very pleased with this purchase .
; most importantly this is a good ,  quality item that will last you a long time .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
works great ,  just make sure your car can take it first .
still ,  they are a great set and i would by them again .
i am very happy with this set of num_num bowls .
i bought this set based on the reviews and i am very pleased with the product .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
great phone case i used this case for about num_num years .
what a time saver !  this food processor has made cooking even more of a joy .
i ve bought this pot set num_num months ago and i m very happy with it .
got this phone for $ and i can say it was the best deal i have ever had .
i have no problem with that and i m very happy with the case .
i love the coffee made using this coffee maker and the look is also nice .
bought this over a year ago and its still working great .
i highly recommend it and i am buying a num_extend unit .
they make great gifts to people who like to cook .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
this grinder gives you very consistent coffee grounds; it doesn t leave you with bigger chunks .
it is much better than the other brand .
i have read other reviews that stated the pivoting arm loosened and broke ,  but mine is still sturdy .
great if you have a work phone and personal phone that you would like to pair it with .
she loved it ,  however she bought a handfree car lol so she no longer needed this .
both pans cleaned up well even without putting them in the dishwasher .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
this was worth what i paid for it .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
for the price and shipping ,  i would recommend this product .
for a hand can opener ,  this is easily the best that i have ever operated .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
the first time i used this i loved it .
apple makes great products ,  and they also many great chargers for them .
i have num_num batteries and this charger is perfect for my batteries .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
the moto num_extend bluetooth headset is a good midrange device of this type .
this is the best headset i have ever used .
other than that i really like the color of the case it looks great on my phone .
i think i personally would prefer a step open lid style .
we make lots of hard boiled eggs and now they come out perfect .
have used anker batteries for num_num phones now ,  and every time been very pleased .
very good quality cable and works very well .
they have the same complaints about the redial button ,  but are happy with the headset regardless .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
this container is perfect for a num_num pound bag of sugar .
i ve been using simple mobile for about num_num years now ,  and love it ! these sim cards are great .
i would recommend it to anyone . hope this helps !  .
i d recommend if your old one has split or cracked like mine did .
i bought these years ago ,  almost num_num to be exact and they held up perfectly .
it is very handy to be able to use a bag and just throw it away .
the cable management is great ,  they look nice ,  they are easy to adjust .
have used them for my cupcakes and they work well .
they are super easy on the hands and seems like they will last for many years .
excellent and versatile broiler rack ,  made of quality materials with obvious skill ,  and very easy to clean .
it is holding up well and looks like it should last quite awhile .
i used this pan for the first time last night and it is simply great .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
when i wear this case ,  everyone loves it and always asks about where i got it .
the best part of this product was the price .
i can t say enough good things about this product .
i had the cuisinart grinder before and this one is much better .
she reports that she has used them several times and it very pleased with how they have held up .
otherwise ,  this mandoline is very good ,  not excellent ,  but very good .
i do recommend this product based upon my experience with it .
i ve been using this for just over a year now and still going great .
i have been using this knife for num_num months and i am really pleased with it .
bought this coffee maker about num_num months ago  only in white  and simply love it .
i would recommend this product to anyone that serves hot cocoa to friends and family .
i cannot say enough good things about this case .
i will buy more of these when we need them .
this whisk is great because it is soft on the hand and doesn t require much pressure to control it .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
it is not fancy like the blue antz headsets ,  but it is more than adequate .
works great would recommend this product to anyone looking for a cord .
good product and i would recommend it with the board purchase .
this was a great price and just what i expected .
this has been a great tool in my bag for quite some time .
there really is a difference in the way that your cakes turn out in this heavier pan .
it could be just because the battery is new ,  but so far i am very pleased with this battery .
i bought this for canning and found it more than worth the money .
you just have to keep spritzing until it is the right amount .
there are many great reviews out there for this product ,  which is why i purchased it .
i ve had this set for a couple of years and gotten a lot of mileage out of it .
i d still recommend either one with this case being a num_num and the new one a num_extend
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
this is as good a steak knife as you will find in this price range .
likes about this product :  protection ,  color ,  fit like a glove .
these spatulas have a nice feel to them .
we have been using this product for sometime now ,  makes fantastic rice .
a lot better than the rubber one you can pickup in the sprint store .
i will probably be buying more of these soon .
i love how this thing cleans the carpet .
i loved this pan the first time i used it .
if you don t want that trouble ,  buy a coated one ,  but this is the authentic deal .
this product works like it is suppose to .
what i really like about this unit is the size of the cap .
i like this case ,  it protects my ipod very well .
these have been great !  nice and thick ,  they don t feel cheap and have held up perfectly .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
this is a must have item for my htc thunderbolt phone .
i have purchased others that did not meet my expectations but this one was just perfect !  .
i thought i would surprise her with these .
and i like all the attachments that i can use for my motorcycles after washing .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
this case is the best item i have ever bought for my iphone .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
these earbuds have a nice clear sound with decent bass at reasonable volumes .
this means that it has a pretty decent nonstick finish these days .
this case is well made and looks good .
this is a very good thing to have in the kitchen or office .
i made banana bread in it and was impressed .
i think i have finally found my favorite ,  and one that may make me stop looking for something better .
i love being able to use these with my phone and num_extend player .
i like it because it s cute and it does protect your phone .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
i have become a big fan of this company ,  and have purchased their products from several different sites .
the best part about the stainless steel is that i don t have to worry about it ever breaking .
next time i will make open end pastries so you see the filling both ends .
it is also convenient how the stand keeps it from spilling all over when you sit it down .
i ve had this for num_num months now and this grinder is the best .
it will also last longer than other brands .
other than that ,  we are still enjoying this coffee maker .
i put this in my phone when i am out of the country and it has been very useful .
this is the first carpet cleaner i have ever owned and i am sorta happy with it .
most any cooking technique that can be done with a quality conventional oven can be done with this gem .
it it is reliable ,  i would have been happy .
the batteries last a long time and the android logo is a nice touch .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
i do have an otter box case ,  and this holder fits my phone just fine .
so i thought this would help me and him .
food cooks more quickly in this pressure cooker than the microwave ,  and really tastes good .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
this cable seems to work better than other similar cables .
you want the best ?  buy something like this and you will be happy .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
i am very happy with this small food processor .
other than that ,  i am very pleased with this product .
this is an absolutely wonderful little item that i am in love with .
i agree with all the reviews that this product is excellent .
that s nice ,  because they seem like they could handle warm soup just fine .
this fits the bill and they are % real brita filters not like some others are trying to sell .
i have young kids ,  and they had a blast watching the thing spin around .
after using this item for months i am % happy with it .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i wanted something that would be as good .
it makes some of my cooking so much easier .
i thing this is a great product for household use .
i think that it lasted over num_num years and this great price is quite a big deal .
we ve used it num_num times already and each time it s a breeze to use and clean .
i bought one num_num months ago and it s still working great so i just ordered in the second one .
i would buy this again and would recommend it to a friend .
i like this one because it has a usb cord and you can just plug it in your computer .
i haven t used these yet but they a good quality .
i have used this a few times now and each time it works fine .
made a great gift been using for over num_num months .
i have purchased many of their cook wear and have been nothing but pleased .
i purchased this one for him and it arrived in excellent time and works without any issues .
bought this for my dad and he loves it !  it will keep your coffee hot for you to drink .
it is the best performing product i ve ever tried .
these things work great and look even better .
however ,  they turned out to be large enough and the recipe that came with the machine is great .
but other than that is is great and protects your phone too .
these are very small and cute for a little cookie .
this is very easy to use; it s just like another small appliance you can use on your counter top .
this is the best ice cream scoop i ve ever seen .
yes i would recommend these for the price you pay .
they work great ,  and small enough to carry num_num full sets of charged batteries .
i bought this more than one year ago and i worked fine it lasted more than one year .
i ve used this tip several times and i love it .
it s also very smooth ,  so there s no problems with snagging fabric .
this model came with some recipes that sound quite good .
overall ,  i would have to highly recommend this product .
i just received this case and i love it .
i have had this for about num_num weeks now and i love it .
very well crafted ,  you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
this is a very convenient device ,  its small and easily fits into your pocket .
the day i bought it i made easy cobbler from the great book that is included .
i know it sounds crazy to wax poetic over a popcorn maker ,  but this one deserves it .
these seem to fit the bill and so far have worked without issue .
just remember to thank me when you devour your first perfect bagel .
i have owned this for about num_num weeks  highly recommend this !  .
i ve used other car sockets but this is a first for me .
this is my second dustbuster and it s better than the first .
we just run a damn paper towel over it after we are done and it is good to go .
it laid on the phone just perfect i will buy this product again thanks  !  !  .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
i agree with others that this is a fine piece of equipment .
i bought these years ago ,  almost num_num to be exact and they held up perfectly .
i have had this product for num_num years now and it is still heating up well .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
this battery has brought new life to my evo num_extend
but i still give it num_num stars because it does grill really well and it s easy to clean .
i ve had it for a long time now and have no problems with it  :   very satisfied .
at our local craft store each tip is $ so this was great .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
i have had this pan for over num_num years and it is still the best pan in my pantry .
this does what it is supposed to do just fine .
i do a lot of juicing and this is a quality product that will get plenty of use .
i like it that the holes on the phone are covered with this case .
i m pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to others .
it is the real deal ,  works feels and looks like what works for me .
in closing ,  i m very happy with the product .
i have had a couple of these mugs for several years and love them .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i have had them for over num_num years and they are still going strong .
we bought this set about num_num years ago and have been happy with the variety and overall durability .
over the years i ve used many different baking sheets and this is definitely the best .
they are the perfect sizes and the quality you would expect from pyrex .
i call that excellent sound killing . i like this headset a lot .
we checked other dehydrators online and this one seemed to suit our purpose the best .
excellent value but one stopped working within days .
this thing is absolutely great !  i love that i have a tub that fills up all the way now .
this is my first and i appreciate the price and quality .
i ve had mine a little over a year now and it s the best i ve found .
i really liked this case for the color and quality .
i have num_num other globals and this one is as good as the rest .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
num_num stars ,  perfect product and a real bargain when this set is on sale !  .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
at very good price ,  you can t beat this !  !  .
i ve had these for two years and they are still working fine .
i bought this as a birthday present for my sister and it was just delivered .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
fit my galaxy num_extend perfectly even with the case on it .
i think this is a high quality phone case .
this is a machine we will also be giving as a gift .
i love this brand of anything they have .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
i liked these cooling racks very much and would have loved them if the legs had locked some way .
we have had one of these for at least num_num yrs and it works great .
have not cooked anything yet but i know it will do a great job .
ive read enough to know this healthier than just about everything else .
very nicely made with a real nice finish for gripping phone .
i ve only used it num_num times and it performs very well .
this one seems to have the same motor and power and it also works really well .
sound quality is very good and the ear piece fits me very well .
this stuff stinks !  but then that is why it works so well to attract flys .
this fan is not as quiet and there is a very good reason .
presto ,  there they were and now i have a couple of amazing stocking stuffers for my grandchildren .
very good quality and the price is amazing .
well worth the expense i will be purchasing these again .
i also like the fact that i can still use my other wall port due to its tiny size .
yay !  i finally have a bluetooth headset that people can actually hear me .
my husband didn t like this ,  but i love it because it makes scraping off knives ,  spatulas ,  etc very easy .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
each case showed quite of bit of wear after about a year ,  other than that it was great !  .
as others have said ,  the functionality of this headset is very good .
i bought these back in num_extend and still use them every day .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
they work just like all the other ,  love wilton .
let me tell you ,  this pan is worth the money .
the thing that really impresses me is how well eggs come out .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
but this little vac has the most powerful suction of anything i have every owned .
this is great if you have a cell phone that holds num_extend music .
it fit my iphone num_num very well and i would recommend everyone should have one one their phone .
got this for my wife for a christmas present .
this is a great set for someone with a small kitchen or just starting out .
warm feet really do make a huge difference .
it is a sturdy pan that will last long .
i will probably get a second one as i like this one so much !  .
no matter what color you get this spatula in ,  it works great .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
this is another one of those items that s pretty simple ,  it does num_num thing and does it well .
as it states it really does work in both directions .
overall the product is worth the money i paid .
i am so happy that i made this purchase .
i love these because they are so long !  !  !  so much better than what comes with the iphone .
i really love the quality of these glasses .
i would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a peeler .
i really like this product and intend on using it for a lifetime .
the product has a very nice price ,  and i would buy another if i needed another color .
it s definitely worth it ,  i think i paid $ plus $ shipping .
i would buy this product again and recommend it to others .
i think this one will last much longer .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
it looks good and gives me more cabinet space now that they aren t full of pots and pans .
the nice thing about this battery in my case ,  is that it came fully charged and ready to use .
i have put them in the dishwasher multiple times and they re still looking great .
i don t have trouble with this product ,  and it works very good .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
this product is extremely easy to use ,  looks great in the kitchen and heats up your food quickly .
aside from the fact that they fall off ,  they are very lightweight and comfortable .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
i have washed these covers  i bought the blender and toaster covers  and they washed well .
this is the most amazing case i ever have .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
we have well water and filtering it makes it taste that much better .
we had used it for num_num years and it was still nice enough to take .
i decided to splurge and it is different than any other bt ear piece i ve had .
when combined with the chemex filter paper ,  this little coffee maker makes superb drip coffee .
this thing is practically a member of our family .
other than that i am happy with this purchase .
this is a very basic ,  high quality pressure cooker .
this pot is used at least num_num times per day and it has held up well .
and it s really sturdy and the design seems like it will hold up to years of use .
these screen protectors were very easy to use .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
i used this for the first time a couple days ago and was impressed .
so far ,  i m very pleased with this device .
this bc num_extend may not be compatible with apple new devices but it does the job on charging .
i ve only used this once ,  but was really happy with the results .
i would buy this again and i highly recommend it .
it keeps it warm for hours ,  just like everyone says .
i just love this product  !   . nothing sticks to it .
size num_extend ring finger !  soooo ,  this little gem came to my rescue for my num_extend and tab . tadgz .
other than that i think my dad is very happy with it .
also ,  i was able to get more than one clove in it .  .  . another plus .
they look good ,  feel good ,  and work very well .
has good read distance from the transmitter to the remote unit .
got this for my husband who loves video games .
banana bread and this pan are just that good .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
other than that is work perfectly with my iphone num_extend
sony s headphones are so much better quality and sound .
i love this pan i have been using now for about a month and had no problems .
it was easy to use and the first time i used it my chicken came out tasty and moist .
i ve put them through the dishwasher many times and they ve held up well .
yes ,  it weighs num_num pounds ,  but it makes rolling dough so much easier .
i ve bought another set of these this year rather than go that route . hope this helps !  .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
i have heard back that they love them .
every time i open the kitchen cabinet i am just so in love with it .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
i got this as a gift ,  and i was really impressed with the quality of it .
you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
you just have to keep spritzing until it is the right amount .
other than that ,  this knife does all the work for you .
i will be buying more from this seller .
these are great sizes !  they range from num_num cup to num_num cups .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i purchased num_num screen protectors from num_num different companies and this was the best of all .
i think this is an very nice tool to have .
i am very pleased with this item and haven t experienced any of the problems others have mentioned .
i only used this once so far  , but i like it ,  sure saves a lot of work for me .
it was all worth it . i cook pretty much everything in this skillet .
this thing works great for my iphone num_extend
i am satisfied also with the quality of this product and would recommend it .
i have to say ,  this is the best case i have ever gotten .
if you re looking for the best toaster available ,  this has got to be it !  .
i am quite happy with this fan and would buy again .
i would agree with other reviewers that cleaning often is key to enjoying these for a long time .
good product and will purchase for presents in the future !  .
this item does a good job and entertains the children as well .
these are just what i was looking for and at a reasonable price .
this is exactly what i needed ,  it protects amazingly .
i love it !  it s a really good purchase that you will not regret .
i had previously rented a cleaner and this was such a superior experience . first ,  it was very easy to use .
she said it heats up very quickly and it is convenient to clean .
this is my favorite headset i have ever owned .
other than that i would recommend this product .
included tools were cheap ,  but got the job done and all worked .
can t say enough good things about this machine .
i am very happy with these because they are low profile and bumping them is nearly impossible .
i haven t had any problems with this item and would recommend it to anyone !   :   .
so quailty is great . this case worth price you pay for .
i have no doubt that these spice spoons will last us for many years .
i like to switch my cases out often and this one is great for that !  .
looking forward to using it on turkey day !  .
i can even use them while i am driving ,  and feel very comfortable .
this is a handy chopper just right for small amounts without dragging out the big processer .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
stainless maintains a really nice finish for much longer than the aluminum .
do i think that this case offers the protection advertised and is worth every cent ?  absolutely .
after using it for about two months ,  owning this phone has been an absolute joy .
i did like it well enough that i will be purchasing another one .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
they are heavy and well made and they do not fall over even when empty .
they cut great with very little pressure or effort .
it seemed frivolous at the time even though it was on sale ,  but it has served me well .
i really like the design of this juicer .
but ,  i m sure they will work just fine .
i ve had this wine opener for close to three months now and it s working very well .
they only thing is that it is hard to get off sometimes but other than that i love it .
you will not be disappointed with their customer service !  !  .
i bought this for my son s num_extend and it fit perfectly .
i ve recently purchased a seidio extended battery and i am very happy with it s performance also .
all in all ,  i am happy with this item .
maybe our new pans will last for more than a couple of months .
overall the case is nice and worth the purchase price .
for me ,  it is definitely worth the price .
this one doesn t spin in two directions like my first one ,  but it still works very well .
i would recommend purchasing this dock if it fits your needs .
protects and looks great  !  i would recommend this for everyone with an iphone num_num or num_extend
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
these screen protectors work very well ,  i can t even tell it s on .
they would also work just fine in a regular coffee maker .
however ,  it does cook food very nicely and keeps it warm for a long period of time .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
it looks much more expensive than it really is ,  and it matches my current set perfectly .
read the reviews and seemed like a good choice .
i would purchase again and would recommend for anyone needing plain white mini cups .
this is the typical ,  excellent oxo quality i ve come to expect .
i would recommend and wish i could find for my note ii .
overall i am thoroughly impressed with this phone .
they work fine and even though there plastic there not flimsy .
i was pleased to see that they were made in the usa .
all in all ,  a very good and quite satisfactory purchase ,  especially considering the low price of this model .
have been using this headset num_num years and it works great .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
this is my first time using a stove top device and i was very pleased from the first try .
i ve been using this headset for a few months and couldn t be more pleased with the battery life .
this is one of the better slider cases i have found for the iphone num_extend
this case is the best one i have found for the iphone num_extend with a case on the phone .
i love it !  i have been eyeing this mixer for a long time and finally got it .
great job and i would recommend this product highly .
i thought they were great and even put one in my office kitchen .
it popped great corn  organic ,  in my case  right out of the box  well ,  after cleaning ,  of course  .
the thing that is particularly nice about the sanyo is that it holds it s charge well between uses .
i also prefer that it s an  open  handle rather than a closed loop .
it is very solid and will most likely be the last one i buy .
they work great on both the iphone num_num and num_extend
this item is easy to use ,  takes up very little space ,  and was a good price .
this looks nicer than i thought it would .
it is also nice to have a clock with you that isn t on your sweaty num_extend
i bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
the battery life has been more than adequate for my very light usage .
but it is very good i would recommend it .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
initially thought it would be too big but after several uses i realized it is really perfect .
this is just a really good pan with multiple uses .
this blade works like advertised and makes a nice milkshake .
this case is by far ,  the best iphone case that i have ever owned .
i really like this stainless steel vegetable steamer !  i use it inside our pressure cooker .
looking forward to making soups with this too .
i ve had no problems ,  and have been very satisfied .
i love these tongs and would be lost without them .
i ve had this for about num_num weeks and so far it s been working great .
it it is reliable ,  i would have been happy .
the best part is that i have num_num of them .
i work in the oilfield and this product makes a perfect fit for my iphone num_extend
a little hard to put on but it will protect your my touch .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
i have had this cheap little kettle for more than num_num years and it still works great .
but for someone like me ,  these work very well .
it is nice to know that i can so easily order these through amazon now .
not with the presto ,  i made a few batches about num_num minutes apart and they came out perfect .
probably the waterproofing getting in the way . but nonetheless would recommend this case .
after num_num years with this cooker ,  used probably once a week average it has been great .
i have had these knives for num_num days and i really love them .
it works well and i haven t had any problems with the repairs i ve done using them .
small size means it is easy to num_extend
for the price  , there worth getting to protect your devices .
it s not big deal ,  it works good and worth the money .
i m happy with this product because i saved money .
it looks like it will serve me for a long time .
it s awesome ,  sound is great and keeps connection even while i m num_num feet away at the gym .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i have tried several gravy separators ,  and this it the best i have tries .
now when im running around i just have to glance in and see where were at !  love it .
really impressed with how much dirt it removes from the carpet .
they had everything ready and waiting and were very helpful .
this belt fit well and seems to be even better made than the original that came with our machine .
i do recommend this case and will cont .
i have num_num different sets of these and love them for muffins .
it helps me write better on computer or phone . mi would recommend these .
it resets to the last time used and is easy and quick to reset .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
these are much better than some i have purchased for older phones .
i got it for him for christmas last year and he loves it .
the otterbox impact series case is a good case and offers great protection .
i got this one and it works fine ,  just like my first battery did .
this is very streamlined ,  and is comfortable to wear .
it s nice that they were so thoughtful ,  and the case is decently designed .
basically this cable makes everything better than the original .
i contacted amazon and they were very good to work with and shipped me another set .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
the instructions were very easy to read ,  and easy to follow .
i agree with all the positive reviews . i use this when i meditate .
that is the kind of customer service that makes me come back as a customer .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
i was pleased with the product and service .
but even with the tight fit ,  i still prefer it to not having it .
very satisfied with this and well worth the money .
it is used about twice a week and makes a good cup of coffee .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
the others have said how nice this is and i agree .
i bought this as a gift to myself at christmas ,  and i am more than thrilled with it .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
this is the headset i d recommend for anyone with the treo num_extend
it was a great protecting case and the colors made it that much more fun .
all in all i would recommend this product to others .
like the title says ,  i found this pressure cooker to be just perfect .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
these work great ,  have good sound quality and are a great deal for the money .
this is very easy to assemble and a great product .
that being said ,  this is a great product .
this product is fantastic !  i bought a num_num cuft .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
these funnels gripe and stay upright when you use them .
the best part is that the price is just about the same today as it was num_num years ago .
i have been using this for a month . pros : it is a good value .
i am very happy with this product and will order these for all my phones in the future .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
the color is cute and looks just like it does in the picture .
clean up is a breeze !  dont forget that these bake num_num degrees lower !  !  definitely a must buy .
it doesn t hold as much as i like but it keeps them contained .
i saw this peeler recommended about num_num years ago ,  and got one .
this charger is well constructed and the charge lasts for a long time .
when you use this ,  it just feels like a solid unit that will last for many years .
been using this for about a week now and it works great .
this is the loudest headset i have found  insert hearing damage disclaimer  . the noise cancellation is nearly perfect .
update :  it s been num_num months ,  and i still love this knife .
if you have the money to invest ,  do it !  .
i have had this case for two months and the phone is still safe and clean .
another great thing is that it doesn t take up a lot of space !  worth every penny .
works just as good as battery that came with ohone .
i might order another one just to have it cause you cant beat the price and product .
i will recommend this to other and i will buy it again .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
i love to eat pomegranate from these colorful little bowls  . i bought six bouillon bowls from amazon .
i am very happy with them and was very glad they were usa made .
its always a good idea to put a screen protector on your phone .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
have had one of these for about num_num months now ,  and it works fine .
i like this knife and would buy more of this brand .
overall i am happy to have chosen this over any other screen protectors out in the market .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
some have complained about rust but so far so good .
would recommend this to zebra print lovers  !  .
what a great device !  i ve had this product for about num_num weeks and it s apowerful little bugger .
still ,  i like this product and would definitely buy it again .
this case will help with that a lot .
compared to others that i have used ,  this thing is night and day more powerful .
a previous reviewer mentioned how quickly it works ,  and he s right !  .
this is the best case i have ever head for my phone .
i ve run this through the dish washer probably like num_num times since i bought it and its still sharp .
this case is a very fits my evo with the extended battery very nicely .
the bodum stainless steel thermal press makes rich coffee .
i have used several in the past ,  and this one is by far the best i have ever owned .
i have bought this for several people over time and they still comment on it .
it is solidly made ,  yet not too heavy or cumbersome to work with .
i ve used it a lot .  .  . plus ,  it s very easy to clean and stores flat in the kitchen drawer .
it s the greatest when you don t have a microwave with a built in turntable . i would recommend this .
i would have liked the cord to be a little longer ,  but it works .
was looking for a long time for something like this and it works .
i bought this grill mainly because it is one of the few indoor grills that has removable grill plates .
this is for sure one of them ,  worth the money .
it works great num_num feet away from the phone and it charges in about num_num mins .
also tried it with my nokia num_extend and it works perfectly .
they are a little small ,  but i think they will be good for my pottery .
this was one of the best investments i have ever made .
i received this pizza wheel today and put it work right away .
that being said ,  i ve taken it on a few trips and it s proving its worth .
better than a lot of my other covers .
this is a steal for under $ at amazon . com with free shipping .
this is well made ,  works well ,  feels good in your hands ,  and has a nice weight to it .
i purchased this item because of the great reviews and the popular brand name .
i like the dual port ac outlet that enable you to charge two items at the same time .
they work very well to charge my samsung galaxy num_extend
only num_num of probably about num_num have i ever liked  even loved  and this is one of them .
this case was just as described and it looks very nice .
i bought this one based on the good reviews .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
i chose this rating because the product is very cute and pairs really easy .
every time i ve used it ,  the bread has come out perfectly .
i have used these for years and love them ,  as do my friends .
so ,  long story short ,  i am pleased thus far .
there is also a powered hand tool that has rotating brushes included with this steam vac .
great product and it fit and work well .
good little kit ,  saves you lots of money if you have the patients to do something like this .
i didn t think i would see a difference in quality but there truely is .
i have had this for several years . this is a high quality unit that totaly meets my expectations .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
we have been using it on a regular basis since we bought it .
i got mine at bed bath and beyond but have since bought one for my mom and sister .
amazon has an awesome price and this product will be in my kitchen for years to come .
got some that night if you know what i mean .
this camera has so much potential and it can overtaken gopro anytime of days .
this machine is well worth buying ,  i will not buy anything else but one of these again .
they worked just as good as other screen protectors i bought that i paid a lot more for .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
these cases fit and have stayed on very snugly .
this is a top of the line product for a decent price .
this will make you happy because you freaking have your phone screen displayed on your tv .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
nothing fancy ,  it functions great ,  and it came well wrapped in bubble wrap .
so i have num_num different styles now of prodyne and they are great .
i got this at a good price and think the positive reviews are mostly on target .
they have worked as well ,  or even better than num_num different pairs of motorola blue tooth head phones .
i ve used this wok for the past num_num months or so ,  and like it a lot .
i have used num_num of the num_num thus far and i am happy to have them .
this is my first cusinart coffee maker and i have to say i love it .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
these batteries work as well as the oem one that came with the phone .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
i use outside when i am cookng fish or anything that is very aromatic .
they are very sharp so be careful around your fingers .
i could have bought it for cheaper ,  but it still works good and i m happy with it .
i have used it three times and each time like it more .
i received this item on time and in good condition .
i have this around num_num weeks now and it is holding up very well .
like other reviewers ,  i am impressed with this bumper for the price .
these were the only ones that stood out to me and are the very best quality .
this is a very simple product that looks good and does its job .
also ,  i was not aware that there was bees on it ,  but overall the case is nice .
this blender is amazing ,  just for kicks ,  and because i read the comparisons by j . k .
otterbox and i have a love affair that s lasted for the past five years .
it s simple ,  elegant and works like a charm with our  wife and my  blackberry num_extend
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
very happy with the purchase and would recommend .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
i do like them so very much even though they are no longer made in the us .
the fan worked extremly well and seemed very quiet ,  even at the highest speed setting .
i cannot express how awesome this charger is .
they are nice heavy duty kitchen tools and i love that they came with a holder for everything .
i have owned this for a quite a while now and it s still going strong .
i am glad i bought this because of the case .
this product is simple to get on and off and looks nice on your phone .
after renovating our kitchen we realized we needed a silverware holder and saw that this tray got good reviews .
i am also very pleased at how easy it is to clean .
i have learned so many new dishes because of this thing .
i followed the directions that came with the wok and had good results .
they add just that little touch to make something personalized looking .
i think these are a high quality stand at a very reasonable price . these are very well made .
i have only used this for usb so far but it seems to work well .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
it is my fourth machine over the last num_num years and works by far the best .
easy to put on if you take your time .
this charger works fine ,  does the job ,  would recommend .
i ordered this same case in a few other colors and have received them all and i love them .
this may help you to use a food that is really good for your health .
it seems like a very pure way to make coffee .
if you have a craving for a latte at home ,  this product is very handy .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
this pan will stay on top of stove for regular use .
i have used this a few times and love it .
i ve used this num_num times now while jogging and it s good .
there were several features that captured my imagination .
i would recommend and wish i could find for my note ii .
i ve done my research for weeks before i bought this and i love it !  !  !  .
very happy with my purchase and highly recommend this product to others .
it is by far my favorite mount and i will never waste my money on another one ever again .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
i would recommend this case for any one for those reasons !  .
i would buy this one again if i ever need one .
definitely a must buy !  !  !  !  !  my phone is always receiving compliments because of this case .
this is one of the best things about this razr .
nice product for the money and works very well with phones that are in cases .
they are plastic ,  but seem solid and well made .
i have a plane grater i love but i was impressed with this .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
i liked these cooling racks very much and would have loved them if the legs had locked some way .
this pan is really good to use with very little oil added to cook eggs and stuff .
i followed the instructions for seasoning this board and it works great .
this product does its job with no surprises .
this works better than the other screen protectors i have tried .
it has done everything that i have tried to do so far .
this version cost a little more ,  but it is much sturdier .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
this iphone case stands out as having had some real thought put into its design .
i just received this case and i love it .
nice little case for the price ,  headset fit in well ,  would have been nice if it was hardshell .
it is very important to note that the upgrade has an automatic shut off .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i never thought that rice cooking would become such a fun .
i also like the shape  , it takes up less space on the counter .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
they are super easy to take care of with no worries of chemicals from plastic containers .
this seidio was a trifle more expensive but so far it s been just fine .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
they will work for what i need them for .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
i am very happy with this case and price is not bad compared to other cases or holsters .
i bought this breadmaker since it seemed to have the most good reviews ,  and i have not been disappointed .
i love this charger because it doesn t run hot .
this is better than cell phone extended battery .
i will be buying this again for her .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
i found myself always gravitating to this particular model .
these are by far the best screen protectors i have purchased .
just a real nice colander that looks like it will last a very long time .
i like the fact that this product is clear .
i now have two sets of these !  i love it because i can cook with the containers .
the large handle is just right for me .
but for someone like me ,  these work very well .
great product ,  you will not be disappointed with this set .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this product .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
this is really an awesome steamer .  .  . does not take long for the water to turn to steam .
you can blend virtually anything with this machine .
the risk was worth it !  i could not be more pleased with this product so far .
as the reviews have stated ,  this is a high quality product .
but i am putting it out there . otherwise ,  this is a nice product .
it is nice to know that i can so easily order these through amazon now .
this product is for anyone who likes to cook .
i recommend this product to people who like to run and listen to music at the same time .
after reading many reviews ,  i got the wilson dt model .
i use this with my htc evo num_extend phone and it works pretty well .
if you continue to do this ,  you will get great usage out of this product !  .
i loved this pan the first time i used it .
since i have other oxo products and love them ,  i thought i would try these .
i think if you try this one you will like it .
i ve definitely gotten much more than my money s worth .
i ve owned one just like this one for over num_num years ,  and have really been pleased with it .
my family and guests have raved about the meals that i have prepared with this rotisserie .
have been very robust after num_num months of constant use .
well made and it works ,  but it s smaller than i expected .
it is great just like the other one i had .
i will definitely buy another one just like this as well as some more products from this company .
i can vacuum really fast with this ,  very good suction .
this num_extend is my second battery i purchased from them ,  and i am impressed with its longevity .
i ve been happy with my brita filter and find that the filters last longer than expected .
i have had mine now for about num_num years and it still works great !  .
i just received this product today ,  i love it .
overall i am very pleased with this product .
i was so pleased that i bought more glasses from this company .
i love that they stack so when i am baking they don t take up a lot of space .
i can t bring myself to use them because they are so beautiful ,  so for now they are decorations !  !  .
this thing makes me feel like i m a real chef .
i purchased this one from amazon . com a couple of weeks ago and so far it has been fabulous .
this is by far ,  the best case i have ever had .
i was very pleased when it arrived because it was exactly what i was looking for .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
i am very happy with this case and price is not bad compared to other cases or holsters .
i would recommend this seller and product to anyone .
this was the right product at the right price .
i went from no garlic press to this one so it surely made life easier .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
you won t be disappointed with this krups quality !  .
other than that ,  i really like this popper .
works great for charging num_num things at once that use usb cables .
not only does it work but ,  it works well .
purchased this set to make mini cakes for school events . these pans have worked out wonderfully .
like others have said it s a great size for one or two people .
although it does not protect from rain ,  it holds the phone nice and secure .
their customer service is great ,  and they sent me a replacement bottom piece .
i highly recommend it for someone who s looking for something like this .
i just knew i would like this and i love it .
and there is not shake when your drive the car . i am super pleased with this thing .
i love these flexible cutting boards because they store easily and work fabulously .
she chose the rating ,  just took about num_num weeks to get here ,  but she is still happy with purchase .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and it proves a very stable place for it .
it fit the phone perfectly and wasn t hard to put apply to the screen .
i bought this to grind flax seeds and it does that very well .
this is one of the better purchases we have made in a long time .
as sharp as victorinox knives are ,  that s a good thing .
i actually got this to record video on my iphone while driving .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
i would recommend this case to another buyer .
i have used tongs in the past and this is much easier .
overall ,  i was so pleased with this product that i bought another set for my mom s droid num_extend
i used this pan as i do any other sheet pan and it baked extremely well .
i am not disappointed in the quality of the product .
this is one of those products that will probably outlast you .
this product does exactly what it says it can do .
so easy to use ,  just put them in with the eggs .
this is by far the best designed and built case i have ever owned for a phone .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
i ve used it for a year and have been really pleased .
otherwise ,  this unit is right for the price ,  and did not disappoint .
even after i got married they are still in daily use .
i just received this dutch oven ,  and am delighted with it .
it s a good size ,  is good quality ,  and works well .
have had one of these for about num_num months now ,  and it works fine .
they are solid including the rims ,  which aren t just folded over ,  so you don t have to worry about corrosion .
i like these very much and store coffee ,  tea ,  and other things in them .
there are a lot of reviews here flattering this device better than i can .
i plan to buy more from this seller and would recommend him to my friends .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
however ,  after not working for num_num days ,  my machine is making perfect bread once again .
farberware stainless steel pans are simply the easiest to cook with and clean .
if i can find a place for the third i will be buying it again .
this was the best case i have ever used .
this machine does exactly what it says it does so make sure that it will satisfy your needs .
battery life is definitely improved ,  especially in the evo num_extend
i ve had trouble with others in the past but this one works really well .
i bought two of these  family of three  and am very happy with them .
i should have read the fine print but as far as the pitcher is concerned i am very pleased .
this case is by far ,  the best iphone case that i have ever owned .
this is by far the best quality cheesecloth i have used .
that alone is worth the price of admission .
i look forward to using it with lots of other foods .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
this is my second purchase of a brevelle product ,  and i m more than pleased with it .
best of all ,  i have no problems with sticking .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
i love these ,  and would definitely buy another pair .
it is best to use a case with this ,  as the corner can tend to come up otherwise .
other then that it does a good job and even cooking .
even though these clips are small ,  they are really sturdy .
however this is a great product that applies easily .
i have a original dell backphone and this one is as good as the dell one .
i recommend kitchenaid products on the strength of this experience alone .
it works just like the original that came with my phone .
these were way smaller than i expected ,  see photo next to quarter ,  but i m totally happy with them .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
i suspect that this product will be reliable indefinitely .
sound quality is good and people can hear me clearly .
this is the best customer service experience i have had in years .
i have dried everything i could think of and the jerky is great .
it seals well enough to be able to shake the jug ,  and even turn it upside down .
the headset work great and paired easily with my htc one num_extend
so these work nice for what i wanted .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
i ve been baking for over num_num years and know a good pan when i see one .
i am one of those people who ,  when i find something that works ,  i buy a bunch of them .
i then bought another one just because they are that good .
i recommend this product to anyone looking for a bluetooth headset .
it s also very easy to wash . love oxo s stuff and this one is very good .
i would recommend and order again when i need them .
i will surely do business with this company again !  .
great product ,  gives more temperature than a regular store .
i bought these because they are compatible to my bunn coffee maker .
i have it and would recommend it to others .
this is a high quality product that does its job well .
there really is a difference in the way that your cakes turn out in this heavier pan .
these things are of great quality and work very well .
have had this for about two months ,  used it twice so far and can tell it s a quality product .
i m glad to have given this as a gift .
but as soon as they have something in them ,  they re quite balanced .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
handle is comfortable ,  and is close enough that it doesn t prevent the fridge door from closing .
this gives you a full charge in less than an hour .
so far we are very happy with this product .
i have had very good results with this hot plate .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
have had many other chargers not work but this works great .
i did some research and found that this braun kettle had rave reviews .
what else can i say about this case ,  but my daughter loved it .
these are priced a lot higher than cheap ,  but they hold up well enough for my use .
i agree with the ones that said this is the best bread knife in the usa .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
another great purchase from amazon . this is add on to my original comments .
there are better knives out there ,  but this is a great compromise between price and quality .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
it adjusts for pretty much any sink and it strains very well .
they both are working great and worth the money .
where this device really shines is at the airports .
this really does work well ,  and very easy cleanup .
i had one of these with my galaxy num_extend and it did the job well .
i think this is the best thing to use when you travel with the kids .
my kitchen has a whole new dimension  or two !   with this piece .
i purchased this pan a few years ago and it still look new after many uses .
but i have no problem with it as it is very useful .
when it arrived i thought it would be too big but it fit perfectly .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
setup was extremely fast and easy and i was up and running in under num_num minutes .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
other than that i really like this product .
after getting this one for my kitchen i can see why .
i great replacement for my old carafe that got daily use and broke after num_num years .
this was the best case i have ever used .
would definitely recommend this thermos for anyone not wanting to carry around a huge water bottle !  it s great !  .
another thing i ll add is that it looks pretty cool in sunlight .
i personally recommend this product because they work great and they are inexpensive .
they do just what they are supposed to ,  the little roller balls work smoothly .
if you treat it with care it will last a long time .
well ,  in my opinion ,  the eseries software is better than windows mobile and iphone .
a lot of meals have gone through the old one and it s still working fine .
he read about this one online and it has been a great case .
deft recommended !  ! guys will never have to carry a wallet again .
i would buy this again and would recommend it to a friend .
if you have a phone that this works with buy it .
this fits perfectly with my num_num year old num_extend
feel it can last very long and worth the money .
this mixer absolutely makes a difference in the end product .
this is really worth your time and $
this works much better for spices that are crushed leaves .
we love salad and have been using our oxo salad spinner for over num_num years .
i am very happy with this set of num_num bowls .
i have found this brand to be the best .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
let me tell you this produces the hottest cup of coffee i have ever had .
very pleased ,  i would recommend this product and i will buy from these guys again .
they were the best shears i have owned a had to replace them .
i am finding that having a salad on a daily basis is much easier with this device .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
but this  once i got it right  was very good .
this is by far the best set of knives that i have ever owned .
it s thicker than i thought it would be .  .  . and that s a good thing .
this is is probably the best cell phone holster that i have purchased .
when it arrived i was mesmerized by the tactile feel of the handle ,  the solid weight of the hammer .
would recommend to anyone who wants a good sturdy case ,  but is not too bulky at the same time .
i think this is a really good sharpener and we use it periodically throughout the year .
other than that i m very happy with the slicer .
i lost every other type of headset and i love that this rarely gets tangled .
i really like that there are three power settings for smaller rugs .
we really like that about them . they are excellent .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
i started making cuban coffee with this with bustelo and this thing makes great coffee .
you just gotta buy it and try it for yourself ,  worth the money by far !  .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i also like that this one comes with num_num stoppers .
pretty good price too !  i would buy these again .
i now have purchased three of these so that i can keep up with demand .
num_extend which is why i bought the upgrade . works great .
you will have one good time trying to  unsnap  them if you don t .
i bought this panini press based on other amazon reviews and am so glad i did .
take my word ,  you will really enjoy this head set .
the best thing that happened to me in a long time .
haven t been able to use them much yet but love them so far .
i am very happy with this product and will order these for all my phones in the future .
i m amazed by how very much i like this oven .
we re pretty sure this is the best one out there and would highly recommend it .
this set seems to have all the good aspects .
i ve tried many types of coffee makers over the years and this is the best by far .
this product is very easy to clean after use  inside and out  .
this case fits and provides good protection for the phone .
i ve used it several times and it makes spaetzle that is just the right size .
my husband finds it very useful when making espresso for more than num_num people .
i will be ordering more knives from this maker ,  because this one is a winner !  .
but i would purchase this case again .  .  . great colors and very sturdy .
i like this product a lot and it really work well .
i have been able to keep one of these on for much longer than other screen protectors .
i like this one better because it comes apart for cleaning and keeps the lettuce crisp .
all in all ,  i m extremely pleased with this item .
they are nice and heavy ,  which will mean they should be around for a long time .
i had bought another analon pot and loved it ,  so i tried this one and love it too .
the grip itself feels solid and is made of hard plastic and rubberized materials .
do that every time and you ll have it for another hundred years .
this makes it the only pot i have ever seen that is  southpaw  friendly .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
as many others have said this holds my mophie for my num_extend perfect .
this unit has just enough suction to work as it was designed to work .
this is one of the very best items i have ever purchased for my kitchen .
i m using this product past num_num months and its b ful and awesome sound quality .
i think this set will last me a good long while !  .
but once that s done it works like a dream .
i have no prior experience with bluetooth but i was very happy with this device .
i also used the original battery that came with the phone .   the batteries work well and do last longer .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
i like this case for a few different reasons .
this mixer is really great and work very well ,  please do not hesitate in have one in your kitchen .
putting the iphone to charge is also very easy and they have given adapters for num_extend and num_extend
i ve been very happy with this tool and would happily recommend it .
i actually got this free with my credit card reward points .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
i have no doubt that when i need it it will perform every time .
i can t begin to tell you how much time this has saved me .
this is a great replacement for the oem charger that came with my droid x .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
i have no issues with this card ,  and would recommend it .
i would definitely buy it again from amazon .
i got the product much quicker than i anticipated .
i got this and put it on my refrigerator for my grandkids to play with .
would recommend if you don t have the cash to shell out for the higher end ones .
this does the job of grinders that cost more than double .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
bought this as a christmas gift for a teen ,  looks pretty ,  price was great .
this is a really good blender for the price .
they offer the best protection for all type of mobile devices .
i like them both much better now that i have these new seals .
they last for a long time and seem to do their job .
i bought this because it was recommended by cooks illustrated .
it is hard to find a fry pan with a lid but that is exactly what i got .
i m really pleased with the perfect fit and pretty design of this cover .
this french press is one of the best i ve seen !  it s made very well .
this pillow has been more help than anything else i ve tried .
i have used this cover for about num_num days ,  it works great and feels great .
i bought this for my galaxy num_extend from sprint ?  and it was a perfect fit .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i have gotten a few of these screen protectors .
i just got mine in the mail the other day .
one of my favorite cases that i have bought from amazon .
for how good it was ,  this case was definitely worth the cost .
i have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good .
it s well worth the money ,  even when it s not on sale .
i really like cooking ,  so i wanted something that was good quality and would last a long time .
you have to master the use of these blades and they do work .
i love the feel of the iphone by itself and this doees not have the same feel .
and the clean up is really easy :  just take it apart and wash .
it also came with an extra screen protector .
sooooo much better than my old plastic one .
this is the best case i have purchased so far .
these spoons are very strong and sturdy . i m only giving them num_num stars because they are pink .
one thing i can say about this item is that the price was right .
i chose this because of the  good grip  on the product .
it has saved his phone more than once .
i love this product !  probably the best kitchen product i have ever bought .
it holds my galaxy num_extend skyrocket real well .
this oxo can opener seems to be well made and most of all makes can opening a breeze .
the product met all of my expectations and i m glad i purchased both the baguette and french bread pans .
i got several of these in different colors and love them .
loved the finishing touch ,  it doesnt get any better than this with the price .
i bought one for my daughter this christmas .
i have used a couple times and it works great  !   !   !  .
i have to say ,  this is the best case i have ever gotten .
this is by far the best set of knives that i have ever owned .
well they got here like num_num weeks early !  !  the colors were great .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i would still order from this vendor again !  !  .
i have used this cover for about num_num days ,  it works great and feels great .
i will be buying this again for her .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
ordered this item last night and received it today ,  amazon you have really stepped up your game .
i love cast iron cookware and this pan does not disappoint .
after num_num years ,  the lid broken ,  but it still works . i got this one and love it .
i am very happy with this blueant headset ,  although it s not quite what i was expecting .
i ve had this pan for num_num days now ,  and am very impressed with it .
i am giving this pan four stars because i love the mold shape and size .
i have purchased num_num of these and recommended them to num_num other family members .
ive been trough so many cases for the iphone and this is probably the best one .
i was glad to find this on amazon ,  i use this blade more than any of the others .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
we have had ours for quite a while and use it frequently and still going strong .
i ve had it for several months and it still looks like new .
i would recommend to anyone who needs it .
great case just what i was looking for .
enough has been said about this product .  .  . almost all positive .
this was the best price around the one we had was over num_num years old .
very cute cups ,  small because they are mini ,  but just like the picture .
it works better than i thought it would when i first saw it .
if you read the other reviews they state that the coffee is the perfect temperature and i agree %
and they were so powerful and light that even hotels used them .
they are great for picking up and moving around hot food .
bought these for my new droid num_extend and they are great ,  crystal clear and easy to put on .
i love this item so much ,  i ve ordered num_extend
i feel much better about using my mixer now that i m using this type .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
got it in num_num days and does what it suppose to do .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
i have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
it is a little bit big to carry around with one ,  but it is fun and functional .
this is a very handy well designed little product .
i like this product because it is good for the money you pay especially for num_num screen protectors .
can t say enough good things about this steamer .
not sure what that was .  .  . i still love these headphones and i used them constantly .
i think this is much more cost effective than buying bottled water .
this item does what it says it will .
we tried two other brands ,  but finally got something that had the power to do the job !  !  .
i just got this and made only num_num sandwiches so far but am very pleased .
i ve had this product for about a year now and i really like it ,  good choice .
i buy value packs of generic water filters and they work well in this model .
i find that i use it more than i had thought and because it s from pyrex ,  it s well made .
this is a very good ,  quality made case .
this one is good stay away from the other .
wish i could love them ,  but they do in a pinch .
i was comforted to know that because i don t like chrome or mystery metal .
you won t be disappointed with this krups quality !  .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
i would buy it again and would recommend anyone to buy one too .
this fan is a great product and has worked great .
the sound quality out of this headset is pretty good and the headset was at the right price .
even if it last half as long i will be thrilled .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
these will go great with the other items that i already have .
this product does what it is supposed to do .
i ve had this for about num_num weeks and so far it s been working great .
i would recommend this item to anyone who is really interested .
from what i have been told ,  these work great .
this is good for about num_num full charge to the iphone num_extend
this is very pretty with or without a decal .
this is the only pan i own ,  that s how good it is .
but this lid will last much longer than any glass lid so it s a fair trade .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
they re a good value and i d absolutely buy them again .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
it fits well and keeps the dust out of the bowl ,  which is the reason i purchased this product .
i bought a second pair for a friend after hearing the sound quality .
i am really pleased with the quality of this product .
i guess i m weird ,  but i love the idea that it comes from italy for some reason .
i recommend this ,  especially for first time users .
i bought this to help my mom with a project .
i purchased an adapted from another manufacturer and i am good to go .
i like this product a lot and it really work well .
i was impressed at the sturdiness ,  especailly due to the fact that they aren t bulky .
i ordered this because it is small ,  handy to use ,  and easy to clean .
as the other reviewers have said this thing does do a great job making hot coco .
the quality is exactly what you expect from henckels .
this seller really takes care of their customers .
they offer a great cup of coffee fast and delicious every time .
looks and feels like it will last a lifetime .
they hold so many cookies that i can just keep on baking without having to stop .
the sound is really good when i use it with my cowon num_extend music player .
i feel like this will hold up pretty well over time .
thank goodness for great stores that let you try products out .
second in importance is battery life ,  which i have also been very impressed with .
this are so nice and heavy you can just tell they will last .
overall ,  very pleased with this case and with the price point .
i will probably get a second one as i like this one so much !  .
the only thing that i had to do was trim it a little bit but everything turned out great .
it is still working great ,  so i m thinking maybe the company has fixed whatever problems they were having .
plus amazon has free shipping on it ,  so it s a great buy from all angles .
this press makes that much easier to do .
i have the iphone num_num now but i do recommend this case ,  it works ,  not cheap looking either .
i definitely would purchased from this seller again .
i find these sheets to be very useful .
oh ,  why did i wait so long ?  this is a wonderful help in the kitchen .
these were a great buy !  i would definitely recommend them .
yes it s true some things never change and that s a good thing .
worked like a charm and did what it said it would do .
i love the way it fits and i think it will protect my phone .
for the price ,  this is a very good deal .
and this filter is the best if you have a over size family that drinks water like water .
well worth the num_num bucks for the armband .
it has great weight ,  so you don t feel much effort when flattening meat .
it s the real deal !  just the boost i need first thing in the morning .
this device works very well with our nokia lumia num_num windows phone .
i like that this product is so quiet .
i like the melting butter idea that another reviewer mentioned .
however ,  i am very happy with this product .
this is by far the best case . i ve been using this case for over num_num num_extend
they seal well ,  and are very pretty on our counter tops .
so good in fact ,  that it s difficult to remove the phone once it s in the case .
this thing is a hit with my family .
definitely worth the price !  have had it for about num_num weeks and no problems yet !  .
if you drop your phone a lot get these they are great .
but other than that a very nice coffee maker .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
num_num stars because they are well built headphones .
i will admit that i have no experience with other calphalon products but this one feels sturdy to me .
i have had this product for num_num years now and it is still heating up well .
i have other retractable cables like this and this is one of the better ones i have used .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
it looks great on the phone and doesn t make the phone look bulky at all .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i get the funniest looks from people when i am using it while in the car .
this product performs as well as the very expensive silpat mats and is far less expensive .
after the first use ,  i am very pleased that we made the purchase .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
it doesn t cost $ but that s a good thing .
it is easy to get it on and off the mixer and not have to worry about dropping it .
the best deal in the biz . everything about this phone is effortless .
unfortunately ,  this can cool the tea more than one would like .
it was easy to use and the first time i used it my chicken came out tasty and moist .
this product took care of that problem for me .
it does a decent job of protecting the phone .
there are some good features with this num_extend
this has been one of the best replacement phones that i have ever used .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
i would have given it a num_num or num_num for that reason ,  but customer service was fantastic .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
this is better than any other product i ve seen by a wide margin .
to be clear this is the most comfortable bluetooth i have even owned .
i now have num_num of them and i would definitely recommend them .
this fits my older hepa filter machine very well .
this product fulfills one need and does it really well .
she chose the rating ,  just took about num_num weeks to get here ,  but she is still happy with purchase .
it goes in the dishwasher just fine and it has held up very well .
this is the best case i ve ever seen .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
this is a very nice item; my wife was going through about num_num per month .
looks exactly like the picture and is awesome .
got this at target on clearance for less than amazon price .
i never had one of these before and i am well pleased with it .
i totally agree with everyone who gave it such high reviews .
it will keep the phone safe for sure .
this product also came with a couple screen protectors that have been better than any other protector i ve found .
this liner is a must have !  this sheet is big enough to cut to fit .
purchased this  holster  along with droid pro num_extend hard case and i am very please with both .
just a lot of nice little thought went into this num_extend
i was glad to have found this product .
great for the price and looks good too .
i have several sizes of oxo tongs for different uses and they all have performed perfectly for many years .
it hasn t peeled or anything . great product would love to buy another !  .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
it s very lightweight for younger children to hold .
my carpets look great and if i could give this cleaner num_num stars ,  i would .
i d rate this oven as a good buy .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
this is the best chopper i ve ever purchased !  .
good quality ,  so it won t crack in months ,  i don t think .
it looks good and has been around since the num_extend
only used it once but it works rather well .
and the price was low so i would recommend this case .
the sound quality is very good num_extend out of num_num stars  .
this is the sharpest blade  out of the box  that i have ever used .
i have never had a problem with this smaller one in my toaster oven .  .  . fit is perfect .
it fit perfectly over my evo num_extend i am very pleased with the appearance .
despite all this the mount does work as well .
at this point ,  i can highly recommend this product .
this thing does what it s supposed to do and does it well .
one i take with me when i travel .
the only thing i wish i had done was buy a smaller one but it does its job .
this bowl ,  like the luncheon plate  fiesta  is what i consider the perfect size for me .
if you want peace of mind then this is the way to go .
i liked the material that this case was made of ,  it was very durable .
i love this phone cover !  i bought it about num_num months ago and i still love it .
i have tried numerous other cases and this is by far the best one .
we bought this grill in num_num and it is still working .
i ve had this knife now for about a year and it s just a joy to use .
i followed the directions and let the filter soak num_num times and i ve been drinking good water ever since .
i bought this phone here ,  from firemall llc ,  and the product was delivered very good .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
the bowls that come with this set get used the most by the family .
it is truly a well designed and executed product that should be welcome in the market place .
i found this product to be everything it says and more .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
i love this product because it s not big ,  and it is sturdy .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
it works just as great as the charger that came with my phone .
i purchased my first num_num years ago ,  and it s still going strong .
i ve had the new battery for about a week now and i ve noticed improved life with each charge .
a bit of time . overall i recommend this product .
i will be buying this again for her .
this coffee grind tamper works great in my gaggia espresso machine group .
it s very sharp and goes right through the apple with any issues .
i recommend this product as well as this seller .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
this is a very good product for a truck driver .
i am happy with the product over all .
this knife set has a great price tag here in amazon .
but for less than num_num bucks ,  i m happy !  .
the feature that makes this phone great compared to the competition is the operating system .
would love this in a num_num cup size for larger batches .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
this stovetop brewer is a great buy for num_num bucks .
this is a very pretty case for those that really like purple .
we found this bag and it looked like just what we needed .
this product is made in france and is of high quality .
never loved cast iron in the past ,  but this is great .
could not find this anywhere else ,  so was very pleased to get it .
i have other attachments and they are all heavy duty and great !  .
we will be getting a good workout handling this pan .
i love this product !  i used it on my droid bionic ,  and noow my samsung num_extend
i m very happy with this vacuum and would purchase it again .
i don t know . all in all ,  this is a good headset .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
bagel setting is my favorite ,  toasting only one side with more heat than the other .
i read the reviews on this one ,  purchased it and have liked it a lot .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
for the low price ,  i definately recommend this item .
i like this item because they are easy to put on and they fit my phone .
i would recommend this case to anyone who s looking for a thin sleek case .
that said ,  this one is a pretty good deal compared to other choices ,  even within this brand .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
the set i use is about num_num years old and good as new .
they said it made their carpets  just like new again .   they have also been very pleased with the product .
if you as me ,  this is a good thing .
i purchased this one and it s been working great for over num_num months now .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i bought this and the comparable hamilton model because they both had good reviews .
this is the best smartphone i have ever used in my mobile life .
other than that ,  i m happy with what i got for the price i paid .
i have found this can opener to live up to being easy to use .
other phone like the otterbox are thick and have unnecessary skin . also ,  this case has a premium feel to it .
nice that it comes with a car power adapter .
it s a very solid design that should last a long time .
i use it all the time and it has a great battery life !  it lasts for days .
i love this rice cooker !  it s made my life so much easier .
it s nice to see that a splash guard is coming standard with this model .
i did charge it for about num_num hours right out of the box  .  .  .  . this bt headset is very nice .
looks well made and is an original htc product . update :  it finally stopped working on may num_extend num_extend
overall ,  i am very pleased with the purchase .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
there is a lot of plastic in this unit but it seems sturdy enough .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
it is fab . i have had great success with this appliance .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
if you re looking for a cheap headset with microphone that you can buy in bulk ,  definitely recommended !  .
i used it the first time today and was amazed at how easy to use .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
even after i got married they are still in daily use .
it s much more subtle than in the picture though ,  but i definitely still like it .
at this point ,  i can highly recommend this product .
liked it so much bought a new one after num_num years .
each of them worked fine and still work .
i am impressed with the quality of this set .
this was easy to use after you figure out how to read the water cup .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
it works great num_num feet away from the phone and it charges in about num_num mins .
it s comfortable to wear ,  it s easy to hear ,  the other person hears me .
the screen and camera are much better than the num_extend
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
even with gps and bluetooth on ,  the battery had good strength unlike the other batteries .
would order again ,  good material and well made .
giving it num_num stars because it s a good product overall .
after that i did not have the smoking issues . it makes a great steak .
they do the job they were meant for .
their particular talents are those the other reviewers have noted .
even after all of this ,  it still managed to charge after a long time .
it s like breathing in fresh air every single time i step into the room .
this product does its job with no surprises .
i ordered this for protection of my iphone num_extend and it works great .
they came out better than anything i could cut by hand .
luckily i found this ram mount and it just works .
a great little machine to have !  i have had a slicer almost the same as this for num_extend years .
i m usually very picky about any sets hanging on my ear ,  but this one is pretty comfortable .
i would recommend this to any home canner .
i place my num_num inch round pan into the num_num inch pan .  .  . have two of each .  .  . and it works fine .
but we figured it out ,  and it worked perfectly when we used it .
i love using this product to make my espressos .
the quality of this tumbler justifies the price .
i really love this pan and may have to get another one .
this may be a different brand than we normally buy ,  but they are every bit as good .
i am really happy with the purchase of this frothing cup .
for $ this product is well worth it !  .
this battery performs as good if not better than the one that came with my captivate .
i bought this because of the handle and i love it .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
since then we have been loyal to the henckel brand and have several sizes .
the first one only lasted num_num years !  powerful pressure ,  makes food taste great .
armorsuit is the best screen protector i have ever bought .
this is one of the best tea travel cups i have purchased .
i just love these things !  i have had this set for about num_num years and not one has broken .
this product is very good and great priced item as well .
have been using this headset num_num years and it works great .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
do use the hoover detergents ,  works much better than others i have tried .
this garlic press isthe best that i have ever used .
they work fine for me .  . i have had about num_num months .  . work great . i did give num_num to my grand daughter .
they are firm ,  sturdy ,  and are very nice quality .
i got it together in less than num_num minutes and was able to clean my carpets immediately .
i really like this product and the ease of popping corn .
my mom has one of these that she got for her wedding about num_num years ago .
this product is just what i wanted ,  it has the right feel all the way around .
beautiful vibrant color and quality construction and material .
consumer reports rated this the top chef s knife they tested .
i purchased this product because it was advertised as hand made and i enjoy the look of wrought iron .
this works better than an exterior float marker because it is more accurate .
but even if your wife steals the covers ,  these will keep you pretty warm .
this is the best num_extend case out there .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
this is my first new trent product that i owned and i must say this it is pretty impressive .
i wash these in the dishwasher and they still shine like they are brand new .
art and crafts project for drying are great too so don t just think clothes when using these .
i thought the quality would have changed after all this time ,  but every one i get is excellent .
they last about num_num years  amazing considering the cost !  !   and i brew at least one cup every day .
i trust the brand and even though they were cheap ,  they worked fine .
these are by far the best screen protectors i have purchased .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
i own this product for about a year now .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
the charger and stand work great for both the phone and the extra battery .
it takes about num_num minutes for the full pot to brew ,  and the results are consistent .
i ve used this thing to make ice cream several times now ,  and it s works flawlessly .
this is and always is a great screen with no problems .
pretty sure they all will do the same job .
this product extends that trend !  the igeek num_extend powers everything i have fully and quickly .
they were very cute for my daughter s birthday .
i really do like this case ,  of the ten i have  yes ,  ten !   this one is my favorite .
i have several of these chargers and love them .
just do it easy and i think you will have no problem .
i love it and i have never gone wrong with this brand .
have only used it a couple of times ,  but food comes out well .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
these work the way they are supposed to .
this works really well for the hepa machine i bought several years ago .
it not only looks nice on the counter but toasts bread ,  bagels ,  etc perfectly every time .
i love the iced tea and iced coffee that i can make with this machine .
i have a gas stove and this sits right on top of the left side .
i like the pan and bought this new one for myself .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
other than that ,  it works all the time .
there is a reason you see so many people with this case .
the product met all of my expectations and i m glad i purchased both the baguette and french bread pans .
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
would recommend as long as you know what you are getting  :   .
amazing product !  i never saw anything like this and had to have it .
they are comfortable and don t feel like plastic and are not stiff .
this is a quality product and is well worth what i paid for it .
i really love it !  this product is not poor quality like one reviewer said .
i would defenitely recommend this product to others .
then you know that this is a good deal for the category .
however ,  at the time this battery worked very well .
even better ,  you can find it in department stores everywhere .
i strongly recommend buying the lid for this tumbler if you re going to travel with it .
we found it took about num_num minutes on full power to cook to perfection .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
i love being able to rest a lid on this thing . it s just so convenient .
i read a review on graters and this one was rated the best .
i searched on amazon ,  and found a review for this heater that said it was great for bathrooms .
i have had this toaster for about six months and i am very happy with it .
this company seems to be trying their best to provide excellent customer support .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
small and stylish but large enough for most bluetooth .
if i can find a place for the third i will be buying it again .
i could have bought it for cheaper ,  but it still works good and i m happy with it .
i figured that since they re in the bread business they probably knew best .
still ,  it does its job ,  and is really easy to clean when necessary .
would recommend this to anyone in need of an additional cable .
if you look around the net you see used models from this company and they get a good price .
i would definitely prefer a little more range .
i ve only used this once ,  but was really happy with the results .
i also love that it is bpa free and made in the usa !  highly recommend and will buy again .
let me tell you this is a great company to deal with .
love these cases purchased one in about num_num different colors .
i would recommend it to anyone . hope this helps !  .
the product quality is more than what i ve expected .
i like this item better than other burger presses that i have used .
i have had a couple of omelets and they came out pretty well .
this is sharp and so easy to handle while using .
fiesta is a great product ,  so i will give it num_num stars .
another quality product from bunn . this is my third bunn; the first two were the num_extend brewer .
so much better than using your hands or two knives .
just what i needed for my num_extend apartment . quick ,  efficient ,  ergonomic ,  quiet . it does get hot quickly .
i followed the directions that came with the wok and had good results .
other than that ,  i like it ,  it does the job ,  and is easy to use and clean .
for the price of these screen protectors i would definitely order these again .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone !  .
there s definitely something to be said for freshness .
it was definitely worth the few dollars ,  i give this num_num stars .
i got this set so we could have them in several different places .
over the past few months i have order over num_num of these units and they all have worked perfectly .
i am very happy with this set of num_num bowls .
these cutting boards take up so little space and are very easy to use and clean .
it s still solid and powerful enough to knead dough or mash potatoes without straining .
you will find that you will have rice more often .
i have found that i now use these scrapers more than my regular wooden spatulas .
i have used this almost weekly so the quality has held up well .
the reason i love this product is that it s sturdy .
this machine does the work and does it at the right time .
i love that these pans have straight sides .
i have used the product several times and am definitely quite satisfied .
other then that ,  it s great and i would purchase again .
i like the fact that it s small and compact ,  and it s simple to use .
that s nice ,  because they seem like they could handle warm soup just fine .
my son needed a case that would work with his speaker dock ,  and this one does the job .
you will be happy you have the extra one day when you do need to plug something else in .
this really is the best way to make mashed potatoes ,  would not have it any other way .
at this price no problem . i would highly recommend this case .
i have bought and returned many grinders and finally determined that this one is the best there is .
this was a good buy for me ,  i really like this product .
and i do believe that if you take care of it ,  it will last you a long time .
it was a great deal and still using it after some time now .
the pot is still in great shape after num_num or more years of use .
this roomba rechargeable battery ,  certainly is better quality than the other ones that i ve had .
this is a sturdy product that will last a lifetime .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
all in all ,  i m very happy with this headset .
i also appreciate the screen cleaning cloths that this item comes with .
have dropped this one several times ,  and it s still working so far .
it s quality is very good even tho it s sort of tied together .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
it really is fantastic ,  and i have nothing bad to say about it .
he takes care of them great and they re still looking good after num_num years !  i m happy !  .
works great !  used it for a rainbow birthday cake for my num_num year old daughter .
this is my first capresso product ,  and i am really impressed .
the anker for my note num_num is just as good as my oem battery and the price is fantastic .
we have num_num other fairly expensive sets $ + per set  ,  but i like this one equally .
this charger works great !  i bought for my mom to use in her van .
i would recommend them as a good purchase .
this is better than a baking stone and much healthier .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
beer kits for a year now and am very pleased with their refills .
as with many other reviewers ,  we bought this after seeing it on good eats .
this case is so great i bought another one .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
customer service is good ,  as expected ,  timely ,  would do business with them again .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
this thing works great for keeping cutlery  and fingers  safe .
i have tried others and i think this is the best .
i would love to have one in every color just so i can switch it up every day .
this one has lasted and it really does keep the coffee unbelievably hot for a long time .
i bought num_num of these hoping they would fit under my kitchen sink ,  and they fit perfectly .
i originally bought this for the shredding aspect but found myself using it as a mandoline more .
i would recommend this product to anyone who is thinking about buying it .
i am sure we will purchase these screen protectors again .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
i ve had this kettle for about num_num years and it works just fine .
just take your time and use a steady hand .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
this amazon price is a great value given the quality of the pan .
i would buy this again and would recommend it to a friend .
i don t have this phone any more but the case was a great fit .
first one is still good and has lasted num_num years .
i originally bought this pan because of its shape and it came at a good price .
everything cooks so nice and fast in this great quality pressure cooker .
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
love how it works with my iphone num_extend
absolutely did a great job and left my house smelling about num_num times better .
i have been using them on the grapefruit my parents sent me from arizona and they work perfectly .
it s a great price and a bargain compared to what i paid for a worse design years ago !  .
cuts through just about everything and has lasted with proper care .
it was very easy to assemble ,  took less than num_num min .
i am very satisfied with the cost ,  quality ,  and timely delivery of this product .
i recommend anchors because it allowed me to hang more weight on them .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i think a smaller one would work well .
these new volume buttons will be fine too as soon as i get used to them .
i would buy this product again and will continue to buy oxo products !  .
this case is very neutral and a very nice fit for the galaxy num_extend
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it .
seal it up and you re good . and don t forget this isn t just for wine .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
this is the best screen protector that i have had for any phone .
with this product ,  you just take your spray nozzle and it rinses so much better .
the os is just intuitive to me and the icons and graphics have always looked better to me .
will probably buy more of these in different colors !  .
the big thing about this is that the sound in loud and clear .
i ve used it for over num_num years and love it .
about num_num hours later you have a delicious loaf of bread .
i m completely satisfied with this product and look forward to grinding fresh beans first thing in the morning .
never thought i would love a juicer so much .
thanks to amazon for listening to their customers responses on packaging and making changes to assure safe delivery .
i would buy more of these but i don t need to cuz this one worked so well .
it s been over a month now and the entire assembly has held up well .
some work a whole lot better than others .
the battery life is really good and is up to num_num hours .
i wish i would have gotten one for myself sooner but am happy to have it now .
keeps for about num_num weeks in the refrigerator and is simple to use .
this is only a num_num amp charger ,  and does work very well .
i really love it and would recommend it to anyone .
i purchased probably two years ago or more and they are still working great with no problem .
this arrived very quickly after i ordered it and works just great charging my num_extend
this is a very well made stock pot .
absolutely no doubt they are the best i have ever owned .
i definitely notice a slight improvement in my neck since using this pillow .
it isn t num_num stars yet but it s damn good and i recommend it to anyone .
its a must have to see what in your house uses the most energy .
i thought these would add a personal touch and they did not disappoint . more like understated elegance .
i recommend this product because it works and you can take it with you when you move out .
really pleased with this product and the company that sent them .
i have seen much cheaper imitations of these at stores and have been very pleased with everyone of them .
when you have a family ,  that is really really nice .
i also read the amazon reviews and this pot earned fairly consistent high ratings .
i love these matte screen protectors !  they re really great .
knowing this fact ,  i think this is a great machine and deserves num_num stars .
i like to have extras for my phone and this set is still in use today .
i m sure this will outlive me !  love it !  .
used for num_num samsung phones ,  a plantronic blue tooth ,  and a kindle fire so far and it s great !  .
other than that it works well and seems to be quite durable .
there is a heft to the metal construction that makes it seem high quality .
this is the best wok item we have ever owned .
phone has been working well with new battery .
they have been up to every task that i asked of them .
the plastic material is very sturdy as are the zippers and you can see clearly what you have stored .
this is a neat little tool that does a good job .
this is what i call great customer service .
the laser pointer works the best because its just a touch of the button .
this is one product we have gotten our money s worth out of .
after num_num months of use the case is still going strong !  i am very happy with quality and construction !  .
i will be ordering more products from these guys again .
all in all this case is worth the money .
my first set which i still own is num_num years old and is still in great shape .
after renovating our kitchen we realized we needed a silverware holder and saw that this tray got good reviews .
this case is worth more than double or triple the price .
it has a nice display that shows you how much charge is left on the charger itself .
i love this case so far !  its so cute and fits perfectly on my phone .
i am very impressed with these especially at the price .
would recommend this item to all tea drinkers !  .
this is one of the better ones i have had .
i will purchase again and again from reallook .
other than that ,  i like it ,  it does the job ,  and is easy to use and clean .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
i ve tried three different citrus squeezers and this is by far the best .
this one like all the others are as good as it gets .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
i always use the great little recipe that comes with it .
we couldn t be more pleased because it was exactly what we wanted and at such a great price .
i have found that i really like this soap dispenser .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
i highly recommend this if you want a small ,  reasonably priced portable battery .
it s reversible so it works well in either ear ,  and the fit is comfortable  for num_num minutes ,  at least  .
this had such great reviews ,  so i got it .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
now she has used it several times and loves it . american made ,  so very good quality .
i bought them from   .  .  .   and they re great as well .
way better than any kind of store bought bread .
i bought this pan for $ a few months ago ,  and it s still working well .
i ordered this replacement and it was simple to install .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
during summer months ,  the air outside gets pretty cool .
yes love these ,  i will order a pair in black .
this coffee grinder is a steal for this price .
assembly is easy and the instructions are adequate with good pictures .
it s nice not to have to hold it and it mixes much better than a hand held one .
received this item within num_num days and it works great .
easy to clean up ,  even the lid from spatters ! great product .
the more quiet your car is ,  the better this product will work for you .
will never buy another brand for my phone again !  !  very happy with this product .
although it does not protect from rain ,  it holds the phone nice and secure .
other than that i think that it is great .
these were a huge improvement just on the fact that they re new .
there are only num_num of us so this is a great size with some left over . very sturdy .
i bought this for my treo num_num and so far i m very impressed .
i also purchased the smaller size ,  and they are just as nice .
i m very happy with the purchase of this item .
it does the trick !  i would purchase this whisk again .
i would rate this product worth at least $
after trying this product i am very pleased .
you can tell the difference between oxo wooden utensils and others because of the quality .
i will probably have to hone the blade later on but it looks easy to do .
surprised to see i have been using this crock for three years .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
what more can i say ?  great product from amazon once again !  .
this is the best fryer i have ever owned  and i have been through a few  .
i will be buying more from this seller .
i am very happy with this tanita scale .
this phone case was a good price and it is made pretty well .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
i highly recommend this product from novice to pro .
i recommend this product because it works and you can take it with you when you move out .
great buy and these headphones last long ,  would deff recommend these headphones .
i bought this product after moving into a new apartment .
i love this case because it is exactly what it looks like in the picture .
it has lasted him about num_num years now and he just got a new one .
this product works well and i would recommend it .
it also fit perfectly on my iphone num_extend
i ve used these cutters all of one time and i already love them .
they work great for all the handles of pots that i have .
i m very happy with this product it adds a whole dimension to my cooking .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
i feel like my phone is well protected with this case .
this case looks cool and feels good in your hands .
just amazing how happy i am ,  no more worry about my phone battery the all day .
this is a good size and feel ,  however i would like it to have been a bit more sturdy .
i have had this phone for just over num_num weeks and i love it .
this made it very easy to create a double boiler without having to purchase another pan .
i saw this peeler recommended about num_num years ago ,  and got one .
first i must say ,  great price for this product .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
i really like the victorinox products and this one is a favorite .
i love this little gadget that enables me to charge my phone and bluetooth headset at the same time .
i will definitely be buying another one of these !  .
very satisfied and this product i neen usimg onmy cell for a couple months and stilll like new .
honestly ,  this thing is so cute and small .
it was exactly what i was looking for and i am really glad to have it .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works just as it is intended .
i have an older truck but love playing music from my phone .
they are just that good . bottom line :  buy this .
i ve been using it on a weekly basis for over num_num years ,  and it still runs great .
few cases provide great protection for such a low price .
it s a great phone with super battery life and a very clear screen .
with the lid i find the thermal quality is better than anything else .
this is one of the more noticeable areas of improvement over num_extend
they hold their edge beautifully with proper care .
we ve had this mixer in red color now for over num_num months and is going well .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
we like the grips more than anything else .
although i was originally upset with the product ,  i m impressed with the company s level of customer service .
i got this case for my samsung focus and second case that i got for the phone .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
they are not big cups ,  but that is actually perfect for my students .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this slicer had great reviews and the price was good .
love to sparkle ,  just what i needed !  my only problem with this case is how rough it feels .
this battery works as well as the original battery that came with the phone .
they are made of sturdy plastic and it s easy to read the measurements .
it is beautifuland as perfect as i expected it . i know it will last another num_num years .
i have had mine for about num_num years and love it .
i can still do the new stuff on mine as well ,  just following the instructions for the newer machines .
mine arrived in great condition ,  sits level on surfaces ,  and looks great with my coasters  cinnabar  .
this is one of the best cases for the money that we ve found .
very nice of them to do that ,  that shows they genuinely care for their customers .
thanks amazon for an awesome buy ! more than num_num years later and this is still my favorite pan !  !  .
this stone cooked about num_num pizzas perfectly !  the stone is super heavy duty .
actually so pretty that i haven t used them yet .
there is plenty of room in them and they fit perfectly in the top of my closet .
i love the color ,  happy that it came in something other than plain old black !  .
i get the best results with num_num or num_num regular teabags .
bought for my cell phone the charger is great i have it at work to charge my phone .
it s very affordable when compare to the original one from the wireless store .
nothing wrong with the case at all !  protects the phone and looks great .
i bought this case because it matched my purse and it was perfect .
i can truly say i m very happy with this item .
this thing does so well i keep looking for new things to use it on .
i really like them and would recommend them over plastic .
i ve used it a couple times and it seems to be holding up .
so far i m very pleased with this purchase .
like many products ,  this one is very high quality and easy to use .
for the price ,  this is an excellent product . this item was purchased from accstop .
i ve been peeling potatoes for over num_num years ,  and this is the best potato peeler i ve every used .
looking forward to a long relationship with this product !  .
must have when cooking with cast iron !  thanks .
i would recommend this to all of my friends and am ordering one now for my mom .
it holds just about enough and is easy to empty and clean .
i bought these for a friend who is just getting into wine ,  they are versitle and look great .
never had a problem with cleaning ,  and it s got some nice thickness to it for good head distribution .
i would recommend this to the casual italian chef that makes fresh pasta once or twice a month .
i ve only had this a couple days but so far so good .
very satisfied with this little chopper and just the size i was needing .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
other than that ,  it stay and hold my phone well .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i love ,  love love this product !  i ve order num_num thus far .
i love both new trent products ,  and my old device has saved my butt on more than one occasion .
but find myself giving my rowenta a rest as it is a new homekeeping tool that works well !  .
it turned out beautiful using the recipe that came with the pan .
still going strong after being used once a week .
i will buy this again when needed to .
especially when you have your new baby in your other arm .
this one will actually keep your hot lunch hot .
this case it amazing cute  !  its different  ,  and everything that i wanted .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
it s light ,  small and easy to use . i was surprised that it wasn t glass; it s plastic .
other than that ,  i am very pleased with this product .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
i have this around num_num weeks now and it is holding up very well .
this toaster oven is much better than those of num_num years ago .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
they are very little work and the result is amazing .
that is how much i love this product .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
i have a variety of cases that i ve purchased from amazon . this isa good ,  simple case .
i really like this pitcher because you can seal it shut with ease .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
this thing does so well i keep looking for new things to use it on .
overall there is very good range to the sounds .
after only num_num minutes i had some of the most amazing ice cream i have ever had .
that s why i give this a high rating .
i was a little doubtful of this can opener after reading reviews of similar styles ,  but it actually works .
this mount is the best and cheapest mount i have ever bought .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
what else can i say ?  i will definitely do business with them again .
amazing that something so small can be so very helpful .
we have been using these for years and we re very happy with them .
so far after several months of occasional use ,  i am very happy with it .
i have had no proximity sensor problems and i love the built in screen protector .
i have used them every day since i got them .
used it on some chicken breasts and they came out well .
this is an attractive easy to use popcorn popper .
this product looks like and works as advertised .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
this item does the trick but is fairly large .
if i can find a place for the third i will be buying it again .
this product does what it is designed to do .
working great and would buy again from this vendor .
i am very happy with my htc hero except for the battery life which is a disappointing .
but in fact the top is a number of separate pieces that snap together .
it is really sharp and that is what i wanted .
i would buy it again and may do this sooner too !  .
i gave it a good rating because it does work and is easy to clean up and less work .
this is so much easier to use than another  smooth edge  can opener that i already have .
it s pretty cute ,  although the red thing in the middle doesn t really make any sense .
contacted amazon and they took care of everything very fast .
i really like these headphones for use with my ipad .
i would recommend this item to anyone who is really interested .
i just wish i would have got this sooner !  an excellent product .
i think they are a really good value for the buck .
this product does everything that it says it will .
i love the design and the ease with which it plugs into my phone .
while a bit big for someone people ,  this is a very well engineered case for the iphone .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
have used nordic products in the past with excellent results .
i hosted a crab fest and these things were a great hit .
my mom has dropped her incredible numerous times ,  and this thing has performed with aplomb .
my first thought was that i would use it for pancake batter so i did and it worked great .
it s worked fine and the temperature is more accurate than i expected .
it is nice to have that in just one ear .
i love oxo brand and this is yet another product that they ve made well !  .
i would recommend this product for the price .
the first time i used the oxo ricer ,  the potatoes came out creamy and delicious .
i just knew i would like this and i love it .
it was exactly what i was looking for and i am really glad to have it .
i ve been using these for years and highly recommend them .
even without mods ,  this looks like the best one .
take your time putting it on correctly and you re good to go .
perfect fit for samsung galaxy s num_extend num_extend
the remote control is great and the unit is very quiet .
i really like this tamper ,  the size is just fine .
this unit is worth the price .  other reviewers griped that the digital clock is difficult to read .
i have been very pleased with this case so far .
i have had very good results with this hot plate .
i would recommend this basic set to others .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
this was a great buy for a very nice cheap price .
i have purchased these for my entire family .
fit well and look sharp !  but thwy dont last very long .
i just purchased another one because so far this is the best case for me .
num_extend i m still so pleased with this product i could just fart  i do a lot of bean dishes  .
it is also a very solid device ,  creating the impression that it will last a while .
it was nice that it came with extra screen protectors too .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
he is happy with it and would purchase it again .
the cable works great with my iphone num_extend
i have previously purchased this product ,  i would definitely recommend it to anyone .
that being said ,  it works great for me .
it s actually fun to use and i haven t experienced the dripping and other problems that other consumers have .
this one seems to have been improved since the last one so i am mostly happy with it .
oxo has won me over on everything i ve purchased and have quite a collection .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
battery life is excellent ,  lasting more than a year .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
this rack completely solves the problem and keeps my canned soups and fruits within easy reach .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works just as it is intended .
this machine has always worked well for me .
i like this case because it is very lightweight and doesn t add much bulk to your phone .
in fact ,  it pours well even if you tip it to num_num degrees .
the one that came with my phone works perfectly ,  but i wanted another charger for my desk at work .
i ve found it pays to pay attention to what other users have to say .
i like to bake bread so that teaspoon one is a must !  !  they are a little heavier than most .
we have been married num_num years and this by far is the best can opener we have ever owned !  .
as a result ,  less clutter . nice !  see ,  now you can justify paying a little more for oxo .
nice to capture the big ones so more do not keep coming .
this is a wonderful skillet from lodge that is perfect for two people .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
these were a great buy !  i would definitely recommend them .
it s nice that they have so many options .
it is safe to say i have used it a hundred or more times .
they are really good in taking care of their customers .
our num_num year old loves it to make his own grillers with this .
the only thing that i had to do was trim it a little bit but everything turned out great .
probably one of the best purchases i ever made on amazon .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
i ve been quite pleased with other ibera products ,  but this is definitely my favorite .
all in all ,  i really like this thing and i would buy it again .
she has used this product multiple times and loves the divider .
i have bought these protectors before and they do a really nice job .
still ,  this is one of the better ones and is certainly offered at an affordable price .
but ,  i m still happy for the extended life  thus num_num stars  .
the measurements will hold quart jars with ease .
i got this set so we could have them in several different places .
this one is made of very heavy plastic and seals nice .
i like this knife and would buy more of this brand .
there is a strong recommendation of this product and for other devices found on the website .
i would recommend this purchase atleast for back up .
i have tried several of them and this one is the best .
love the otterbox cases ,  they have saved my iphone so many times .
i like this a lot more than a metal steaming basket .
i make a different flavor each day . i have read the reviews on this product .
this product is absolute genius in terms of producing a prefect rolled crust with no waste .
i have multiple sizes of strainers in my kitchen because they are so extremely handy to have around .
people can hear me well and i can hear them well .
there are definitely better screen protectors out there but these do the job .
the length is perfect for mounting by screws onto two wall studs ,  which are usually found num_num inches apart .
i am glad i bought it and would recommend it .
i wouldn t hesitate to recommend purchasing this product .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
you can also use the top of this unit to keep other food items hot .
i think they are going to love them .
hope it will fix all the problems and i will fall in love with it again !  .
i have had this pepper mill for about three years now ,  use it every day ,  and love it .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
it took some trial and error to get some great coffee from this pot .
this is for units purchased from amazon only . you will love this speakerphone .
the handles on this stuff are way better than the thinner and uglier ones in the commercial line .
these bags worked as well as any others that i have purchased in the grocery store .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
you can literally make almost anything in this . every time you cook in it ,  it gets better .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
however ,  the fact that it s so small and portable does make it a decent choice for phones .
despite all this the mount does work as well .
i bought these cases because they are super awesome . and super aweseom they are .
i have been using this canner for two years and love it .
both work very well . i have had my blurex case for roughly num_num months now .
i would strongly suggest you consider an extra bowl .
i was very impressed with the quality of this item .
this is a really well put together piece of furniture ,  especially when compared to other online products .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
they are decent quality considering the price and really help keep things tidy .
i think it will last a long time .
it makes you wanted know what the true costs are when for $ i received this nice product .
and these were just the ticket ,  they fit perfectly .
when i need a new set ,  i will definitely buy this pack again .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
i also like that they have a case and are compact .
i purchased this over a year ago and it makes making fresh pasta so much easier .
after using this for a while ,  it is really helpful .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
i know there are better pans out there but for the money this is a best buy .
i have never ever opened a can so effortlessly as i have with this opener .
i don t have trouble with this product ,  and it works very good .
we re going to give them one of these bowls for christmas because they like it so much .
i will be buying more for friends and family .
aesthetically ,  it still looks new . my boyfriend and i both like to cook ,  sometimes at the same time .
that said ,  cast iron works beautifully for just about everything else .
this is the best headset i have ever used .
was pleased at the quality of this item when received .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
the warranty alone is worth the price of this screen ! will purchase again and again for all of my phones !  !  !  .
it does the job well ,  and would be great for a small home .
love this case and the built in screen protector .
made to fit almost makes this worth the price .
i really like them and they should last me a very long time .
just what i wanted . very pleased with the set .
this product worked as it was avertised ,  this product helped with both the distance of charging and connection .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
i m sure that this would work great in the oven too !  .
i will be buying this again for her .
i agree with all the other high star ratings for this prep board set .  .  .  . i love them .
this product had the best rating that i could find .
i ordered two of these hanging canvas bags ,  and they are wonderful .
i bought these to go with my used vacuum sealer and have to say that they are great .
i have been using these for about a year and they still are just like new .
i have had this only for a few weeks but have been impressed so far !  .
another great purchase from amazon . this is add on to my original comments .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
great product that works well and looks nice .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
i have an iphone num_num and this works great .
i have been cooking for over num_num years and i am truly enjoying this wonderful item .
the handles on this stuff are way better than the thinner and uglier ones in the commercial line .
i went with the comments of the other reviewers ,  and they seem to be right .
this is a really nice size ,  not too big not too small .
and the price is right !  !  the reason i did not give it num_num stars was the  thick slice  side .
i chose this one because the controls are easy to see and use .
i would definitely buy this again if i needed to .
i ordered two of these and i use them all the time .
i got this one ,  and have to say that i am very happy with it .
i read all the reviews and based my decision on the great reviews this product got .
this is the best mixer i ve ever used .
the sound quality is very good num_extend out of num_num stars  .
i ve tried this product and can verify that it does work quite well .
yep ,  it s huge !  make sure you have the space for it .
easy to use and easy clean up !  can t ask for much more than that .
i ve used it several times ,  washed each time ,  and it s still a nice circle .
:   the thing is ,  there is nothing wrong with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
i have owned this can opener for a couple years now .
sim card is working fine so i would say this is a good product .
i love the design ,  and that gets it num_num stars .
i love this pan and with a little bit of care it should last a long time .
plus it s less expensive . this saves so much money on popcorn .
we looked years for sharp ,  solid ,  well made knives .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
a great value ,  you will use these forever without having to replace them .
however ,  they fit perfectly and seem to be of really great quality .
this are so nice and heavy you can just tell they will last .
i highly recommend purchasing the bladesafe sleeve if you have plans to store this in a drawer .
i love this item so much ,  i ve ordered num_extend
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
the styling is simple ,  classy and can be used in just about every situation .
i have a trip planned that i can even take this with me on .
i hope they will last a little longer .
the battery looks great ,  it s very small and comes with a nice little bag .
this is the best popcorn popper i have ever had !  i will only ever own one of these .
this product works as advertised for my htc incredible num_extend
we like the grips more than anything else .
granted i ve only had this case for a few days ,  but i really like it so far .
but for less than num_num bucks ,  i m happy !  .
it stays put and i feel my phone is safe in this case .
the charger is huge ,  especially compared to the supplied htc charger that comes with the evo .
would recommend this type of case for any phone .
i have purchased these several times and i love them .
i hope my advice helps . i would really buy this product again if i had to .
i also use a protective gel case with my num_extend and it fits perfectly in the flip case .
it seems hard to get excited about a spatula ,  but this is a great product .
all the positive reviews are more than justified .
this is hands down the best garlic press i ve ever seen .
definitely am one of the people that love this product .
this is by far the best i have ever used .
now ,  i just add this item to the water and ,  voila ,  they come out perfect every time .
i found a page where there are steps to install software that performs an upgrade for the the phone .
but it worth more than what i paid for it .
where have you been all my life !  i love this little gem .
the dock is just a little piece of plastic ,  but i love having it .
i would recommend this to any ice cream enthusiasts .
this is what i call great customer service .
you can spend a lot more money on other coffee makers ,  but this one is the best !  .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a medium slice .
have been working fine since then without any issue and good to hold .
this is the best stone by far !  i have tried many before this one .
all in all ,  a great product and experience with seidio on other phones backs this all up .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
i bought this for my daughters num_extend and it seems to work good ,  her num_extend player isn t broke .
also made pizza dough and an incredible pie crust using this device .
this screen protector is now my absolute favorite .
the price of this product made me purchase a roll .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
these dishes are sturdy ,  appear to be high quality ,  and have an attractive flower design .
this is my first waffle maker ,  and i m quite pleased with it so far .
this case works just like you would expect .
i am very pleased with this product for the following num_extend
they are good quality and i enjoy cooking with them .
this has been by far the best cellular accessory purchase i have ever made .
made some falafel with it ,  seemed to work just fine .
we can t say enough good things about this product .
much better than any manual or electric can opener !  .
i was surprised to find that it actually does a significantly better job than my other dishes .
shipped immediately to me ,  this red power adapter is worth way more than i paid .
this is by far the best hot plate i have ever owned .
i love that there are so many accesories available for these .
this is a great deal on a cool product .
this screen protector was easy to install and is very clear .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
best coffee maker i have owned ever !  !  num_num stars !  !  .
like all of the tools in the line ,  this one does it s job amazingly well .
have a spare battery you want to charge ?  this guy does the trick perfectly !  .
that being said ,  this is a great product .
would   and have  purchased again . great protector for an older phone .
aside from this i love my pasta machine .
they should make one of these in a nice wood .
this one seemed like one of the best for a reasonable price .
these headphones have a mic and are excellent to make calls from your phone .
the carrying case was useless but a nice add nonetheless . i would recommend this to anyone with a treo num_extend
i like oxo products so i decided to get this one .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
if you have an iphone num_extend this product is excellent for protection .
very pleased with this purchase ,  excellent sound quality when speaking and listening .
i bought these at a very nice price .
the first time i used it ,  and every time since ,  my panini came out perfectly .
i contacted amazon and they were very good to work with and shipped me another set .
i bought two of these ,  the price was great and they do what they re supposed to do .
even after i got married they are still in daily use .
it is much lighter than i expected ,  which is a good thing .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
buy one or more ,  you will love them that much !  .
i was impressed with this little red guy .
i have tried several brands of hot air poppers and this is the best .
i have used it for num_num weeks and it works fast .
i guess it looks cool . the sound quality is excellent .
they last for a long time and seem to do their job .
this is the best little cutter set and i love the little container .
it filters your water and fits in your brita pitcher .
so glad they have continued manufacturing this product !  .
this is a reat product that works and looks great .
this case is just what i wanted and the price was right .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
i purchased this item because of the great reviews and the popular brand name .
i love this case and would happily buy at num_num times the price .
it s fancy ,  if you didn t catch that before and big .
this was bought to use with ipod classic and it works great .
you wouldn t think such a simple design would work well ,  but it does .
other than that i love the convenience of the wireless headset .
i really like it because it gives better protection to my smartphone .
i have owned many dustbusters over the years ,  and by far ,  this is the best one yet .
i bought this cooker more than a year ago and it still works great .
we have convinced many people to purchase this model .
i heard a lot of good things about this case ,  so i decided to give it a try .
i m looking forward to many more fondue parties with this product .
i purchased num_num to have around and they work perfectly at a fraction of the price at stores .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
i originally didn t want something that covered a vent ,  but it ended up working very well .
i have been using coffee presses for awhile and really like the process and the end product .
i received my pan in the time they stated i would and i have been enjoying using the pan .
the quality is great and it is very well designed .
this device works quite well with my iphone num_extend it is easy to use .
it s sharp ,  has a good feel ,  and will last a very long time .
henckels is such a reputable brand ,  and this particular pattern offered a stylish look .
set it and forget it !  bought num_num extras for gifts and they love using it ,  too .
overall ,  it does a good job for a really good price and i would purchase again .
it works great almost every time ,  and it s worth it .
it takes up very little counter space ,  i like the white color ,  and am very pleased with this product .
i use this ram mount with my iphone num_num and it works pretty good .
this canner is a nice size for the small jobs .
i bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
it s stable ,  cheap and does its job well for $
this product is very easy to use and easy to keep clean .
this product performs well and was a good price .
this is a wonderful product and works as advertised .
you did what you said you would do .
i bought this to slice cold cuts and cheese ,  it does both very well .
i ve had this for about num_num months now and it hasn t broken ,  which is always good .
we have num_num other fairly expensive sets $ + per set  ,  but i like this one equally .
just the right size for one or two ,  as other reviewers have said .
the sound quality is pretty good and thus i ve purchased num_num more .
the grind comes out consistent . i run both an espresso machine and a french press .
looks great and vintage looking which is what i was looking for .
i would recommend this product to anyone who has trouble with signal or is tired of dropped calls .
i m trusting that this will work as well as my older one .
i bought this whisk based on its top rating from cook s illustrated .
however ,  i have found that to be true with most cuisinart products .
i had heard great things about this case ,  and decided it looked stylish .
i have had this kettle for over a year and it has been great .
i bought this for while and i just started using it ,  it works well for me .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
bought this now that i love drinking wine .
it does this wonderfully . that s what it s for ,  it s not for soup or anything like that .
i d like to see this company offer a num_num inch stone but the num_num inch stone works great .
i would recommend this because it worked as it said .
i would recommend this to anyone who doesn t want a bumper or a bulky case .
it looks great ,  easy to adjust  up or down  ,  great quality product .
these are sharp ,  they have a clean line and they are dishwasher safe .
i bought this to charge a samsung infuse num_extend while in the car and it works fine .
i purchased this because it got a good review on cooks illustrated .
i am so happy with my purchase ,  and will definitely be using this pan again .
i ve had this blender for about num_num months now and have been very pleased .
as other reviewers have mentioned the blue light is very bright .
this case is going to last forever !  the leather is very high quality and the clasp very strong .
this is the best bluetooth device i have used ,  period .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it seems to be holding up very well .
i think it was worth the money and i would buy this grinder again .
i really like this headset since i use them for walking and at the gym .
the finish on this board is great; very smooth and no jagged edges or splinters .
this strainer looks nice and has a solid feel .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
have been very robust after num_num months of constant use .
it s smaller than i anticipated but is pretty and holding up well .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
i like how the case comes in different colors ,  i m happy with this green one i got .
since then ,  after getting my money back i bought one of these babies and it is still going strong .
the usage directions were clear and easy to follow .
i bought this item along with matching sink strainer grids and they are awesome .
the angled design of this makes measuring num_num times easier and more efficient .
i feel like they are designed for people with special needs .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone !  .
this is a brand new product from new trent .
i love it ,  you can hardly tell the difference even with an original iphone next to it .
this is great if you have a cell phone that holds num_extend music .
i purchased these from amazon based on it being highly recommended and very glad i did .
i bought this as a gift and it was well received .
i am looking forward to using this appliance .
super happy with customer service and product price .
$ per mug  for the best mug i have ever used in my life .
it looks great and seems like it will last a long time .
this gives you a full charge in less than an hour .
as others have stated ,  this little gem works .
right price ,  you have to be patient and buy these in advance since they come from china .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
this is better than most of the custom inserts that come with some of the best cabinets i sell .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
we got these on recommendation from america s test kitchen .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
i bought this air popper from another site about num_num months ago and it was a superb purchase .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
the utensils that came with the set are also very nice .
like this fan so much that i am getting another one for upstairs .
i love almost love everything about this case !  i love the protection it offers without being bulky .
with this price it is well worth it .
it is easy to install with just num_num screws .
this is the best headset i have ever had .
let me tell you this is a great company to deal with .
this is the best thing i ve ever bought for my daughter .
it is much better than the other brand .
this case is great ,  it is more than i expected ,  it holds my items along with my phone .
these have already been broken and in and i am happy with their quality .
love it !  have already used it several times and it s exactly what i needed .
this will last a long time and continue to perform very well .
we ve owned this for several months now and are quite pleased with it .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i purchased this for my mother who loves to cook  for everyone  .
this lunchbox is absolutely adorable !  lots of room and quality construction .
after trying a few other types ,  its quite clear this is the best armband i ve used so far .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this is great !  this is the best peeler i have ever purchased .
audio quality is great ,  and people hear me well .
these are a good design because they do not slip .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
this is exactly like actually ,  even better  than the one i was replacing .
my first impression is that i like it !  it s better than the blueant comparable model .
tried the baby this weekend and it was amazing .
amazon is the best place to purchase them ,  for the best price .
perfect fit for samsung galaxy s num_extend num_extend
this really does help if you are out in the sun during the day .
it s a great buy on sale i m not sure i d pay full price for it though .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
i think the features and price make it a good buy . a treat to have freshly ground coffee .
i m very pleased with this item and is a must have for anyone with carpets and pets .
i found this product to works very well .
this fits nicely on our old verizon iphone num_extend
if you buy this ,  you ll love it and never have to replace it .
i have used these about a dozen times and they work fairly well .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
i also love the fact that this thing tells you how much time is left on the display .
these are the nicest est of pans i have ever owned .
we have a gas cook top and it performs better than any other .
this pan is so very big i will be able to cook anything that i want and it .
i just thought this was a fantastic price .
when i got them ,  they were so nice i ordered myself a set .
these are very small and cute for a little cookie .
it s great ,  considering the price ,  though it does have flaws . what i num_extend
this product is so good ,  way better than i had first expected .
this fits into my num_num year old original droid incredible .
pie turned out great ,  as the crust was much more even than usual .
all in all this case is worth the money .
i got this for my wife about num_num years ago .
i was a bit hesitant based on some of the reviews but honestly found this product very useful .
i ve had a couple of these for around num_num years ,  and they look as good as new .
very nice ,  the highest quality stainless steel you can own .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i actually use this much more than i thought i would .  .  . the kids love them !  .
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
this gadget is fantastic !  it cores and slices pineapples in under num_num minute ,  leaving the shell intact .
i like this item better than other burger presses that i have used .
this is good quality and will be a pan that i use for a very long time to come .
i tried this one and it works just as well .
i ve read reviews that say it makes a great dog dish too .
worth every num_extend update : we ve now had this cooker for num_num years .
so far i ve used this car charger a dozen times and it works well .
i would recommend this case to anyone who s looking for a thin sleek case .
have had this about num_num mos and it still is my favorite  out of num_extend
this is by far the best i have ever used .
these have been great to clean up the mess .
i really like the feel of this case .
if you want the best bluetooth headphones to exercise with buy these .
i highly recommend if you do have this phone .
that would have been a mistake ,  because this is the perfect press hands down .
easy to put on and i have used them for other phones i have had since .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
this is the best case i have purchased so far .
the comments have all been very positive about it being stylish and elegant . good price for the looks .
i have num_num other globals and this one is as good as the rest .
when i needed new ones i decided to look on amazon and found this great set of num_num glasses .
this product does what it says it does .
i have purchased several different brands of stylus and this brand is good .
i know that my floors are clean after i am done with this ,  so i can recommend the item .
so far i have not had a problem with it . i strongly recommend this holster .
i love this size because it fits in my golf bag without problem .
ive used this screen num_num times now and they worked perfect .
other than that is work perfectly with my iphone num_extend
these are very well made and look like they will last for many years .
this is by far the best i have ever used .
my num_num year old grandson told me when we put the case on that he  just loved the case  .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i have worn this on my belt daily for num_num months and it has held up very well .
i highly recommend this product and might be buying another one as soon as i can afford it .
what a great find this turned out to be .
i love that this coffee maker is so easy to clean .
i was impressed with this little red guy .
the  ice  color is a little more green than i expected ,  but still great .
this case fits perfectly on my galaxy num_extend epic num_extend touch .
other than that ,  i really like this popper .
the price of this product makes it well worth the price .
i have nothing but praise for this product .
i have used several screen protectors and these seem to be the best quality .
otherwise the body armor is fantastic and i would recommend them to anyone .
sound is good and they come with three different sizes of ear insert .
if you can t ,  this one will make your life safer and a bit easier .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
i really like this machine and what a great price .
it is very nice product to have it handy and it works perfect with wearing glasses .
it comes out perfect and it reduced the cooking time from num_num minutes to num_extend
i have a variety of cases that i ve purchased from amazon . this isa good ,  simple case .
now with this camoed cover i will have something to pass the time .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
after six months of daily use this case almost looks at good as the day i bought it .
i have a galaxy siii and it works great .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
this one can cook two at a time with the same great taste that the old one did .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
i really didn t expect this great case for this price and i am impressed .
long story short ,  this is a compact ,  powerful charger ,  and the included usb tips are a nice touch .
i finally took the plunge and bought this set for myself as a christmas present .
i ve had my little revere kettle for more than num_num years now ,  and it s still going strong .
these are great knives ,  and they need exceptional care to last .
i have tried all four cases ,  and all are good choices depending on your needs .
just the right size for one or two ,  as other reviewers have said .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
this charger is amazing ,  it charged my htc phone and now it is charging my samsung note num_extend
great product except that i wish it could be used for smaller amounts of stuff .
we like it and have had no problems with it .
it has stood up well over time and has not had any problems with screen or keyboard .
however ,  when the board arrived ,  i found the finish to be just fine .
i give this a five star because of the great value for the low price of $
i also thought the vendor did an excellent job packing and shipping the case almost immediately .
i am very pleased with this table cloth .
i have the white one as well and will order it again when need another one .
i works so well that i m going to order the next size up to complete the set .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
in my opinion ,  this is a very high quality product .
other than that ,  it s a winner ,  even if you have to pull the plug to shut it off .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
i think i will stick with this phone for a good long time .
hi i love this phone and i am still using it .
this may be the single best cleaning device i have ever bought .
it is one of the best purchases i have made in the last year .
this is the best meat pounder i have ever used ,  and i have used several .
the little spoons these come with are nice too .
he says it works great and when needed will purchase this product again .
my husband said they were easy to put together .
this is the original sony brand for the num_extend and it does the job well .
they were easy to clean with soapy water and towel dried .
i am pleased and would recommend this to anyone .
i purchased this based on the excellent amazon reviews .
was told that this was a really good gift .
even putting that aside ,  this is a well made ,  very durable coffee mill .
she is really happy and will probably never have to replace them the rest of her life .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
this is my second one of these and they re terrific .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
if you need to make multiple cones at one time ,  i would recommend this item .
this one is highly recommended by america s test kitchen and rightly so .
would i purchase it again for a gift yes ,  do i recommend it ,  absolutely yes .
we use them as every day glasses and they still look brand new .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
i am very satisfied with both the quality and the design of this product .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
this is the first ice cream maker i have purchased ,  and this seems to have been a good choice .
after num_num years ,  it is still making coffee the way i like it at the right temperature .
omg !  this is the best product on the market .
we have had our grinder for about num_num months and absolutely love it .
this thermometer has a clear display and easy to press buttons .
then along came this item . overall ,  i m very pleased with them .
i found that this size is very good and it works well .
i bought it because of the price and the positive reviews .
i had no problems with this and found it easy to use . set up was easy .
this is just right for our pastas ,  homemade tomato sauce etc .
something that would hold more than a cup or two and would keep the beverage hot .
when you put it back together ,  it s solid again .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
i love not waiting paper filters and i hope this one last num_num years too !  .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
the brewing is quick and efficient ,  with the process taking about a minute a cup ,  maybe less .
nothing special about them ,  but they are sturdy and clean up easily .
all in all this product worked as advertised .
they are extremely durable ,  even if they don t feel like they are .
charges and holds a charge just like the original battery .
i have no complaints so far . i recommend this product .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
it is holding up well and looks like it should last quite awhile .
i am really pleased with the quality of this product .
i have had this item for a couple of months now and an very please with it .
these protectors fit really well and are very durable .
for me that s a good thing .   and all the other switches feel pretty much the same .
the racks i ordered are all good ,  they are just different from each other in small ways .
i bought this after seeing many others for higher prices .
i ve had this machine for over a month and so far i am very pleased .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
we were really pleased with this electric knife after our battery operated sonic knife .
so i have num_num different styles now of prodyne and they are great .
it looks great and gets the job done ,  exactly what i had hoped for .
using this pitcher has improved our mornings ,  so i think it is worth having to wash one more thing .
but it s been over num_num months and so far so good .
this is a good size to fry num_num or num_num eggs .
it turned out decent bread most of the time .
looks just like the picture and good quality .
these stands are great for a medium sized bookshelf speakers .
it has worked well ,  and as an added bonus it came with an iphone cable  many chargers do not  .
many other reviewers have done an excellent job with tips on use and care .
this is really a excellent fan ,  it took my husband about num_num mins to install in our kitchen .
this can make a difference depending on how and where you you use it .
and like other reviewers have written ,  having separate parts makes cleaning very easy .
this was a great buy !  !  i read the other reviews and they are right on the money .
i have recommended this product to all my family and friends .
it does take quite a while to grind enough for a pot of coffee but i actually like that .
this is my first attempt at bling .  . i love it .
i am totally happy with this product because it is stainless steel and very nice quality .
they make it possible to keep a fresh supply of yogurt always available .
i originally didn t want something that covered a vent ,  but it ended up working very well .
i love that the machine doesn t take up any more space than a traditional blender .
so glad i settled on this case despite all the other options .
i have had no issues at all with this phone and would recommend it highly .
so i bought this and i love it after only about a week with it .
this product is so handy and easy to use .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
these are great sizes !  they range from num_num cup to num_num cups .
this is a simple waffle maker that makes great consistent waffles .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
this item is much better than the one i got with my phone .
have used this product several times in the past and have been pleased every time .
this is still working several months after i bought it .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i have had it about num_num months and it works great .
would recommend it to people that have this phone .
have only charged them one day ,  and after a week ,  still work fine .
i ll have to say it was a great case for the phone .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
let me start by saying that i love this little machine .
this is a high quality can opener and i have now used for a long time .
this fits those times when i just need a quick boost and maybe one full charge .
it has protected my phone when i ve dropped it .
this is an all around good value for your money .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
i will recommend this to other and i will buy it again .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
the aesthetics are fantastic creating a highly functional item that also looks the part .
i was impressed with the product for the money .
now i m motivated to cook more than before .
we have been using this daily for the past two months and love it .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
we use this more than any of the other funnels we have .
and i ve been using them ever since ! these are very good knives .
they paired easily and sounded very nice  they have chip enhanced bass  .
i purchased this item based on the good reviews .
but as long as it covers good and keeps my tablet from getting scratches its ok .
not sure why it did that but otherwise this unit really packs some power .
they look like they will hold up well .
i ve tried several different fillings and all have turned out just perfect .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
so ,  i ordered a set and they work very well .
this allows me to do that right in the can under the faucet .
i also like to say that my first time with a steak .
mine came with a docking port already cut out and it fits fairly well .
unlike other screen protectors that i have purchased in the past ,  these are very good ones ,  and inexpensive .
this product is fantastic !  i bought a num_num cuft .
i would buy again and would recommend to a friend .
this is a much better product than the flat spatula .
i like this product because it is simple to use .
battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be num_extend
i will even go so far as to say this phone is better than the iphone .
i strongly recommend to find a lid that fits well if you buy this product .
i like it much better than the num_extend i am currently using .
this is a good product and oxo has done well by me over the years .
they protect the screen and there are five of them .
good portion for one or two person and it comes with instructions .
would order again ,  good material and well made .
if you cook ,  you will like this pan .
my husband and i cook all the time ,  so something like this was a must have .
i love this stainless steel lid and spoon rest .
i ve used this cover a few times ,  and it does seem to work .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
have had it about num_num months and am very satisfied .
i just received my griddle last week and i ve been using it daily with excelent results every time .
i really like this case when i first got it .
that being said ,  these are great little fans for the money while they last .
the price was great and they work well .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
very strong glass like you would expect from pyrex ,  i make tea in it too .
the difference in quality comes from the steel used and the manufacturing process .
these are probably the most beautiful set of tongs i have ever seen .
sound is good and they come with three different sizes of ear insert .
it is perfect . other reviewers have said that it arrives broken or it s flimsy .
the mount was solid enough to support the weight of the phone .
it s working again and i still love my steam vac .
i chose this rating because the product is very cute and pairs really easy .
ordered this for my daughters iphone num_num and it fit perfectly on it .
this device does so much of what i wanted it to do and a lot more .
it is easy to use ,  and not difficult to clean up after use .
i have owned this item for several years and it consistantly performes its duties like a trooper .
i liked the way that num_num of them hooked together .
i found this protector quite easy to install compared with other adhesive screen protectors .
i had this product for over num_num years and it works fine .
following the directions for cooking num_extend mins and num_num extra for extra toppings on top heat only  produces perfection .
with that being said ,  the card is perfect for what it is .
maybe our new pans will last for more than a couple of months .
apple makes great products ,  and they also many great chargers for them .
so ,  long story short ,  i am pleased thus far .
i bought this for our new house that my husband and i just moved into .
this product ,  to date ,  has to be the best stylus that i own .
this is a great buy !  having the num_num different sizes comes in very handy when cooking and baking .
i ve had it for a little over a year now and it has been well worth the money .
this is a must have when working with fondant or gum paste .
easy to build as many or as few slots as you need with just a rubber mallet .
i give this product five stars because of how fun it looks .
i get a solid num_num hours out of both good batteries .
we have made so many tasty dishes with this thing its unreal .
i have been very pleased with this case so far .
these shakers look like they do in their advertisement;colorful and bright .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
other than the fact that it only lasted a year it was a great purchase .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
other than that ,  i am very pleased with this product .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and loved it .
i also appreciate the screen cleaning cloths that this item comes with .
i will be buying them again soon since everyone in my family has iphones .
there really is a difference in the way that your cakes turn out in this heavier pan .
this pan will last a you a long time .
i ended up ordering another one ! and they come in multiple colors .
the main picture makes it look huge ,  but it s really palm sized .
standard sized spice bottles  mccormic ,  etc  will fit these . i am very pleased with this product .
we ve made bread every day for the last six months with this thing ,  and it works so well .
well worth the price and easy easy clean up with soap and water .
they have a great reputation of taking care of their customers ,  even after warranty .
i have nothing but great things to say about this purchase .
this product is made in france and is of high quality .
don t let negative reviews steer you the wrong way ,  you will love this item .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
i would prefer to have it even wider ,  but this seems adequate .
the new trent num_num is the best accessory i have for my iphone num_extend
i think this will work fine for me however .
this one does a great job and works very well .
i recently ordered several whips in varying sizes and styles ,  and am most impressed with this num_extend balloon whip .
this product actually makes peeling a joy and not so much of a chore .
good to have a couple even if  this moment  you do not have small items .
i bought this because it appeared simple and strong .
i would buy it again at this price .
it fits very well and all side buttons are accessible .
my girlfriend thinks it s definitely better than her discovery num_extend
i have used this food chopper several times now ,  and i like the way it works .
that says a lot about their company and their customer service .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
so easy to clean i don t use dish washer .
this protector fits well and looks good on the phone .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
after trying two other cases ordered from amazon ,  i finally think i found the perfect one .
also ,  the trackfone works at our rural location every time .
we have been using the culligan faucet filter for a number of years and are totally satisfied with it .
it s the greatest when you don t have a microwave with a built in turntable . i would recommend this .
this pan gets high use in a large family and has stood up over time .
i have had mine for about num_num years and love it .
the samsung oem battery keeps my phone energized all day now ,  will purchase again .
i am very satisfied and will continue to purchase them from amazon in the future .
very happy with this product ,  its ust what we wanted and ordered .
i recommend it to everyone ,  no other brand ,  and will buy a gallon from their website .
was pleased at the quality of this item when received .
however ,  for  the price  you get a decent one that works for most of the cooks out there .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
just do it easy and i think you will have no problem .
changing them takes about num_num seconds as well . really ingenious product .
i highly recommend these bowls ,  and the num_num qt  though it doesn t seem to be available on amazon  .
so far it s wearing well  not falling apart  and i like the glossy leather feel of it .
this product is an answer for several of my needs .
i like it that the holes on the phone are covered with this case .
so far i have been very pleased with this purchase .
they keep their sharpening edge longer than the others .
thanks amazon for an awesome buy ! more than num_num years later and this is still my favorite pan !  !  .
it is built so strongly i think it will last a long time .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
considering that i have had one running num_extend for years and is still runnning great is amazing .
i mostly have dust and dust bunnies on the floor and the vac works well on those .
i am very happy with this purchase and would recommend this if you need this .
this is the first steamer i have ever purchased and i must say that i m very pleased with it .
there is something about this that makes it actually fun to vacuum with .
this is functionally just like other presses that i have had and works perfectly .
i love it !  i will repurchase this again !  .
this particular case will fit other phones as well including the iphone num_extend
worth more than the money spent for it !  .
i replaced some other roller rings with these and am happy i did .
i purchased these to use for my grandsons  their parents liked them too  .
i just received my dock and have to say i really like it .
the elastic still works great and i have had no worries about this product getting old and unsecure .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
i ve bought several of these over the years .
this is the best case for my iphone num_extend that i ve had and i ve used several .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i will be buying more from this company .
i agree with what some others have said .
i am very pleased with the quality of this product .
this case is very neutral and a very nice fit for the galaxy num_extend
i have baked with them and i would recommend this product .
i followed the directions and they turned out great .
tried them anyway to see the results ,  and got a thick chocolate chip cookie that the guys loved .
i haven t tried this knife on angle cake but sure seems like it will do the job .
one of them is about num_num years old and still works like a champ .
this stylus works well with my ipad and samsung note num_extend
the noise cancelation is great and solves my problems while making calls from the data center or the airport .
happy with purchase ,  wish i would have bought earlier .
this has that corn perfectly steamed in num_num minutes .
the case itself is durable and provides great protection for the phone .
i really like this screen protector for my iphone num_extend
this is a sauce pan that any chef will love .
it is the best fried egg pan i have ever purchased .
i m looking forward to using this for at least the next num_num years !  .
i have had so much fun with this machine !  and the results have been wonderful .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it is a good quality product that is very reasonably price for the juice that it provides .
i got this fryer after seeing all the positive reviews for it ,  and i haven t been disappointed .
i think i will be using them quiet often .
i love the dual case that came for the phone .
i bought this case for my verizon iphone num_num and it was great .
pros : more than any other part ,  i like the earpiece that goes in the ear .
when i received this i used it to bake a meatloaf . worked great !  it s very easy to clean .
it is obvious that many other people love their lodge cookware too .
they separate to wash so you can get them really clean .
i have had success with the full size sim card .
i bought this kettle num_num years ago and it s still going strong .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
i have done this with eggs as well as steaks .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
would buy from seller again and recommend to others .
this pitcher is the finest pitcher i have ever seen .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
fits easily on my head and very light which is perfect because i have a active job .
i ve tried it twice and it does work .
yes ,  it makes that much of a difference .
i would recommend this product to who ever does not own a paper clip .
i loved this case as soon as i opened the package .
i really like this and would recommend it !  .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
everything about this saucepan is perfect for my cooking needs .
i owned this fan for about num_num years now and it s still working great .
i ve found this type of material that i could cut to fit at a local hardware store .
i have now found that it is so much more than just a bench scraper .
it s not nonstick but if you use it right and know how to cook ,  it works great without sticking .
i will be getting another pair of these soon as a matter of fact .
the carrying case was useless but a nice add nonetheless . i would recommend this to anyone with a treo num_extend
and the best thing ?  you can walk away while it is mixing to do something else .
this cable is probably best for people who leave the usb connector plugged in all the time .
i have dried everything i could think of and the jerky is great .
i threw out my old ones and bought num_num more of these !  !  !  love them .
these things rock ,  they sound great ,  the bass is very good .
kitchenaid is reliable ,  well built and they stand behind their products .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
but overall i am very happy with this product .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
i think this will last many ,  many years .
it works like new and i have had zero problems with it for this first year .
i own this grinder for almost a year and i find it pretty good .
it comes with a gold tone filter and a water filter .
i also like that the case protects the  home button  .
i have no issues at all with this item and has held up very well .
received this item within num_num days and it works great .
i m glad to finally have something that will last for a long time and look great too !  .
i find these headphones to be very comfortable and i have a large head .
these work really great ,  but they are really wide .
i ve dealt with customer service twice  over ten years and two machines  ,  and they were great both times .
this product is a good value ,  and is a perfect fit and protection for my iphone num_extend
still going strong and it s almost num_num years later .
in any event i ve very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this product .
this is one of the best baking trays i have ever used .
i have had this butter dish for about num_num years and still love it .
you can t beat the price on these cords especially when they even offer free shipping .
this product works perfectly and exactly as described on my ipod touch num_extend
this was is by far better than my last one .
i really like this casserole and have had great success with everything that i have made using it .
this is the best scoop you will ever buy .
for those that like to pound meat ,  this is the one that gets the job done every time .
i have had num_num of these for several years now and still love them !  they work just as described .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
we have used these for several months now and are completely satisfied .
awesome product and i have never had a problem at all with sealing .
i like them because they are sturdy and yet flexible .
they seem to clean up very well too .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
generally have enjoyed the grind n brew over the past num_num months .
this case fits perfectly on the iphone num_extend
i also love that they hang ,  rather than having them in a drawer .
my husband uses this ,  and he seems to like it .
this product works as advertised for my htc incredible num_extend
this is one of the best pans i have ever owned .
overall ,  i would definitely purchase again and i recommend this product .
i ll just call them ergonomically correct and very comfortable .
this phone is so pretty i almost traded mine in even though mine is newer .
it sits well on my bigger pots ,  and it s small enough that it stores easily .
i give this product five stars because i really liked the color .
it lasts a long time and protects the phone well .
this pitcher is worth the money and will certainly save you money .
i bought three as gifts for christmas and everyone is satisfied with them .
i have never gotten this great of service from a seller before .
i ve been using these for awhile and really like them .
i was surprised by how quiet it was after reading reviews .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
so ,  i am more than pleased with this order .
i loved this different sizes of the same cutter .
i ve had this for several months and it s great .
they have the three different frying pans pre seasoned for cheap and no shipping cost ! lodge rocks !  .
i think the filters will eliminate that . overall ,  i m loving this cutie !  .
they not only look nice ,  they actually do the job !  now ,  i wouldn t have anything else !  .
holy cow this one  the browne  is such better quality .
this one is good stay away from the other .
great fit and protects the screen very well .
i feel like my phone is well protected with this case .
this product was a great price and works well with my ipad .
for this price range ,  i am impressed with the quality build .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
guess i ll have to order another one !  they said they are a great rosette set .
i like them ,  i like their tin ,  i like how they nest .
this is a product that you will never go without once you try it .
i have been cooking over num_num years ,  and this is the best press i have ever used .
i really like this case and wish that they made this for the iphone .
someone else had mentioned that the spring was difficult at first ,  and i ve found the same is true .
this seemed like the best fit and was reusable ,  so i bought it .
i encourage you to read all the other reviews for more detail about this quality product .
i bought mine about num_num months ago and absolutley love the thing .
this really does the job a lot better than a spatula .
i like this product and i would definitely recommend it to others .
made the purchase on this item and have used it a lot .
even using it almost every day the mug seems durable enough to last a long time .
i got this as an adjunct to my larger food processor .
so far i haven t used them for anything else ,  but i am very happy with them .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
if you are looking for a good product .  .  . this is the one .
pretty sure they all will do the same job .
sony did a good job with this product .
i have three of them and put them on refrigerator and they do work well .
the first thing i learned about this roller is that dough resting is very important .
i purchased this coffeemaker num_num years ago and it has produced the best coffee each and every time .
i m always surprised at the improvements that never seem to be mentioned in the product description .
first let me say i absolutely adore this case .
i m a popcorn addict ,  and i ve tried several different methods ,  but this is my favorite .
have ordered from this supplier before ,  will definitely do so again !  .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
the sizes are perfect for what i need and they stack inside each other .
most utensil holders are too short . the utensils themselves are very nice and high quality .
very good price also ,  i would recommend buying .
so much better than using your hands or two knives .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
you can see by all the positive reviews that this thing is amazing .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
ooops . in my num_extend in my truck ,  this product worked great .
you will not be disappointed with their customer service !  !  .
i have no doubt that this cleaver will outlast me ,  and that s worth num_num bucks .
this is so convenient for charging num_num things at once .
any appliance that lasts for over twenty years with only minimal signs of age offers real value .
they really got this right !  i will never use a different brand ever again .
we bought this about num_num week ago and it is the best vacuum cleaner we have ever had .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
doesn t give off too much heat and works great with this pot !  .
i also use the cup that comes with it often .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
it s a steam cleaner and work well ,  what does one say about a product like this .
this product is nice ,  cute ,  but a little expensive .
they are also of good size meaning you don t have to fill them up too often .
this is a very nice slicer and does exactly what i need at this time in my life .
excellent value but one stopped working within days .
if you need an apple corer ,  this one works very well .
we are using this product since over num_num years on our jura coffee maker is still going strong .
great tool to use and i have to leave to many words to mention how great this item is .
i take this charger with me every time i travel .
i love the way this case looks on my phone .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
the more you know about coffee ,  the more you ll appreciate this product .
i ve had these for about num_num weeks and have been quite pleased with them .
i will definately look to order from this seller again .
they are well made with a thick stainless steel .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
i bought this item over a year ago and it s my second one !  i love this thing .
ordered this hoping it would work for my nexus num_num and it is working great .
this is the second model of a coffee maker we have used and liked .
this is the best thermos !  keeps beverages hot for over num_num hours .
my favorite as it is just the back and is easier to charge phone .
this is a very good ,  quality made case .
considering the price ,  this is well worth the money .
my experience with this oster bread maker has been excellent  for the num_num year that it functioned  .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
this product works fine and is easy to use ,  but don t expect it to be of quality construction .
i will be buying more for friends and family .
if you can put up with those issues ,  then this phone will work well for you . some other notes .
i actually bought two i liked it that much .
i researched carpet cleaners for a reasonable price and came across this one .
overall :  these have held up well with daily use and i would definitely repurchase them .
this is one of the reason we like this unit so much .
this is on par with the hero i had . over all i am quite pleased with the jabra wave .
i do not know what i was expecting but i am pleased with the purchase .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
if i can find a place for the third i will be buying it again .
i have quite a few oxo products and have always been pleased with them .
otherwise ,  other than the fact that it s not num_extend it s great .
i really love it with other foods as well .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
it s made in the usa and the company really does stand behind their product .
plate to make the set service for two . i would purchase this again in a heart beat ,  it is beautiful .
i know my phone is safe in this cover !  .
i ve had mine for at least num_num years and it s still perfect .
this one is good stay away from the other .
but for less than num_num bucks ,  i m happy !  .
so i purchased this battery and it solved my problem immediately .
i love the feel of the iphone by itself and this doees not have the same feel .
coffee grind and brew finally died and i am pleased with this sanyo coffee maker .
there is little to dislike on this product and the quality of the grind is consistent .
buy and have fun if you are into this sort of thing !  .
i bought this for my galaxy num_extend from sprint ?  and it was a perfect fit .
this phone does everything from num_num megapixel cam to really good internet speeds .
for my daughter who is num_extend she loves them because she changes her case everyday .
it will easily fit in a purse or pocket .
i ve started using these the first day i got them .
i love not waiting paper filters and i hope this one last num_num years too !  .
it is great to have around the house just in case you need something large like this .
i would definitely order from this company again .
we replaced it with this and are very pleased .
so ,  long story short ,  i am pleased thus far .
recommend this to everyone !  i would give it num_num stars if i could .
audio quality is pretty good since i m streaming .
this was the best thing that could have happened to my kitchen .
not very creative ,  but i really like this case .
i love this machine and feel like a salesperson everytime someone sees it .
i ve had this product for about a year now and i really like it ,  good choice .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
i like the fact that there are a good number of speeds .
i read all the can opener reviews and bought this one .
i have had it for well over num_num months now and its still holding up  :   .
this is without a doubt the best peeler i ve ever used .
the sound quality is great even when riding my bike .
i chose this one because of its size ,  its good reviews ,  and its color .
what can one really say about a vacuum filter ?  it s a replacement and does the job .
the speakers are satisfactory and could have been louder .
i got this steamer with a $ amazon gift certificate and have not been disappointed .
it is thick which gives me a sense of more protection .
i m very pleased with the quality of these scoops .
love these and plan to buy more in different sizes .
i would recommend this product based on performance to date . an update to my first review .
i also just like that the phone isn t bulky and it s easy to hold .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
the design is very sturdy and doesn t look bad .
its like new even have it for more than a year .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
i have owned num_num plantronics headsets and i liked all of them .
turns out they are a great little size ,  and i ll be buying them again !  .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
turns out it was the best thing i have bought for beads .
this case like all commuter cases ,  works great on this phone .
what more can i say other than i love it !  .
if you use cast iron ,  this really is helpful .
i know there are better pans out there but for the money this is a best buy .
the best thing about this particular piece is the lid .
there s really not much else to say about it other than it does its job and i love it !  .
other than that ,  it goes easily in and out of pockets ,  so i d definitely recommend this product .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this item .
these are very small and cute for a little cookie .
other than that problem this product is great .
other people have given you enough reviews about how good it is .
this product is still working a couple years later .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
i m sure some one here in usa could make this product just as well as the chinese .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
i really like the looks of it and would highly recommend it to those considering purchasing one .
the hoover is very well made ,  and to my surprise ,  right here in the usa .
this case has been the best case i ve bought in a long time .
it is easy enough to get up and running without even reading the instructions .
i highly recommend this to anyone that likes to change their case as much as i do .
i have never seen a butter dish anywhere that i like as much as this one .
i actually like this charger and it charges my phone faster .
this is my first and only kitchenaid mixer ,  and i have been thrilled with it since day one .
the feet on this pan is a must so that you can cool it upside down in the pan .
i have owned several bluetooth cell phone headsets ,  and the plt num_num is the best so far .
with such a great case they could have come up with a better belt clip .
i am happy with the quality of this strainer .
i love this and i was so surprised that this is used for so many other things .
i would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan .
however it still does a very good job .
this one is much sturdier and i think it will be the last one i have to buy .
we discovered this type of product several years ago .
i feel like i got twice as good a product for half the money .
when we got the num_num we were surprise that it is made of platic and very light .
i ordered this not actually expecting much for the price but i have to say it works great .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
they work just as good and last just as long as the original battery that came with the phone .
maybe our new pans will last for more than a couple of months .
these are of good thickness such that they are sturdy enough yet flexible .
professional look ,  especially if you have a stainless steel look for your num_extend
i ended up buying another steel for my daughter and now she has sharp knives as well .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
good replacement for they one that got thrown away .
i gave this product num_num stars because it is the best i have found .
but in a way ,  that s what i like about it .
i don t know . all in all ,  this is a good headset .
so i m giving it four stars because it works good .
it fits with this case !  so enough with a review of zagg .
we enjoy sweet potato fries ,  a very difficult thing to obtain with a knife .
i have no problem with that and i m very happy with the case .
i am satisfied with this less expensive earbuds .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
the seidio num_num is the best battery i have ever had in a cell phone .
i was not disappointed . after opening the box ,  i was very happy with the solid construction .
i also love that they hang ,  rather than having them in a drawer .
i would highly recommend this product to friends and family .
i ve tried about num_num different headsets from different mfgs and these are the best ones so far .
this also came with an accessories bag that i found to be nice .
as other reviewers have mentioned the blue light is very bright .
i bought this slicer about num_num years ago and it s the best slicer .
this is for sure one of them ,  worth the money .
i use this for the first time the other day and what a great product .
i ve used many garlic presses ,  this is the best .
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
i have used warmrails for num_num years and have been totally satisfied .
the fact that they fit into the dishwasher is a huge selling point .
i suspect that this product will be reliable indefinitely .
overall ,  i am very pleased with this product and would not hesitate to purchase other products from this line .
this is important . it doesn t take up much space and works extremely well .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
still like it though and it does have a num_num year warranty .
it is already seasoned and cleans easily with warm water .
it is perfect . other reviewers have said that it arrives broken or it s flimsy .
nice item that i would recommend to grandma s like me that bake a lot .
it fit my phone well and i would purchase it again .
this is a product where it is absolutely essential that you read and follow the instructions completely .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
the tea is good and so far  less than num_num weeks  it functions well .
i m very glad i bought this product and recommend it .
this product provides good protection for the iphone num_num and fits well .
perfect fit for our house !  we should have bought this size long ago .
love this popcorn maker and have been using it probably ever other day or so for num_num months now .
what i really love about this grill is that it sears and cooks burgers ,  chicken cutlets ,  steaks ,  etc .
bought this wonderful machine for my wife about two months ago .
this case is perfect for the iphone num_extend
i would recommend it to anyone . hope this helps !  .
he says it s  good enough  for the price .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
but the charge life is much better then the original battery .
i love this phone cause i have at least num_num people a day say they love my case .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat; its that good .
these screen protectors are a perfect fit and easy to apply .
i am using this as a whole house attic fan and it works just fine .
i attached them to my ipod ,  ipad and they last so i m very happy with this product .
very pleased with this purchase ,  pan is still going strong .
i have owned num_num of these and its the best bluetooth i have used .
i will buy more because i use it often .
i have struck up more conversations with this cover than i could have ever imagined .
i like that i got the extra muffin pan with this set as i didn t have that before .
highly recommend this product to anyone who uses iphone num_extend
i love this spatula !  it was so hard for me to find a nonstick spatula that i liked .
this case cover looks great on my iphone num_extend
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
it really does make a difference when you cook your meat .
well ,  i found one that i love even more !  it s this one .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
the screen protector covers the touch areas pretty almost perfectly .
what i like about this drone is the fact that it can fly its self .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i have purchased these for my entire family .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
i would recommend at this price since they tend to be expensive elsewhere and are not in typical stores .
in addition ,  this is easy to take with me when i travel because it s so small .
i would recommend these knives and the seller .
i love this case and will never be without it !  if you have an iphone you need this case !  .
have used consistently for nearly two years and still love my original one .
i really like the design of separating the back end of the blade more from the handle .
overall this product is a good investment and pasys for itself in one use .
good quality and it has held together for about num_num months now without coming apart .
after searching through the amazon site i was happy to see the num_extend as a perfect replacement .
this cabinet is everything the product description says it is and more .
the food processor that goes with this blade is the best i have ever purchased .
this is a good case for the motorola droid ,  but it is not perfect .
i bought this to replace a cingular phone and works well .
i like farberware so well that i just bought the same pot again .
the case is made of very good material .
this is the best case i have gotten on amazon .
bought this heater in num_extend its still going strong .
i also have my stainless steel which i love as well .
it works well and i d give it num_num stars if it weren t so loud .
she was very pleased with this product and so am i .
i use this several times a day and just love it .
this part of a crowded market ,  but offers good value at this price . an ac adapter is included .
but in low it is a nice white noise machine .
i have had one for a few years and i love it ,  so i just bought another one .
i have used this pan num_num times and both times the cakes have came out great .
i am really excited about my new tool .
the more quiet your car is ,  the better this product will work for you .
i love that i can sit it down and it will stay there as i put whatever into them .
one great thing about this is the plug works well with my iphone num_num in a ballistic case .
will save counter space and this makes as good or better coffee .
glad i took the advice of other reviewers ,  this is a definitely a well made spinner .
my husband bought this for me and i absolutely love it .
originally purchased num_extend ago ,  and it still looks and works the same as it always did .
this loaf pan is perfect size and material for me !  !  it s very easy to clean .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
i received this item yesterday and am already loving it .
they would have been worth the full price ,  but i sure love a bargain .
a three minute egg took num_num minutes with my old poacher but this one is spot on .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
my mom has one of these that she got for her wedding about num_num years ago .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
the handle may not be fore some people ,  but i think the fit is good in my hand .
i would recommend this phone to anyone who likes nice things .
i had always wanted a juicer and this one has exceeded my expectations .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a new kettle .
i ve bought this pot set num_num months ago and i m very happy with it .
for the cost they were a very good deal and have lasted well to my surprise .
had this for about num_num months now and it still works perfectly .
just as described and much better than the one that came with the phone .
i have used it for num_num weeks and it works fast .
i would definitely recommend this juicer if you want a quality product .
all in all this product worked as advertised .
this set of glasses provides ten each of three different sizes .
this seems like it will be a great screen protector !  .
i have been very pleased with this battery .
it s worth a few extra pennies to buy something that s going to last much longer .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
it fits really well on the phone plus the price is right .
when i turned my phone on ,  it was % something that cost $ it s well worth the price .
i am % happy with this product and recommend this battery .
was looking for something to fit in my medium kamodoo style bbq grill ,  this fit perfectly .
best sounding earbuds for this price i have ever seen .
so if your thinking on getting do it . for the money this is a good buy .
my model shipped with ios num_extend installed and that was very fun .
it doesn t look like much but works perfect .
this is by far the best juicer i ve ever tried .
not only would i recommend these to a friend ,  i have actually purchased them for my kids .
it is solidly made ,  yet not too heavy or cumbersome to work with .
it matches my faucet and other products from this company .
i wish i could shrink it back ,  it s so cute !  .
she loves it ! i have not actually seen this product but have heard what a help it is .
i use this espresso tamper and so far it has surpassed my expectations .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
it s so inexpensive that this seems the thing to do .
this was the best case i have ever used .
i just got this headset from best buy .
i highly recommend this product because they are durable and reliable .
i ve had it for over a year and it still last .
i ve used this glass cutting board for num_num months or longer and it s perfect .
like this fan so much that i am getting another one for upstairs .
i like this because it is easy to use .
for the price ,  it really is designed very well .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
if you have a riding shirt that buttons the collar that will work too .
it just looks sexy on my white iphone num_extend
it is one of the most comfortable eargels i have ever used .
i hope you enjoy this product as much as i do !  !  .
i am very happy with the sound quality .
the water in my cup actually stays hot for more than just a few minutes .
i have used this a few times and love it .
i ve also been alerted that when we go visit our daughters at thanksgiving to bring these as well .
i really like it and i think that it was a great purchase .
i did read some of the other reviews and am so happy that my case arrived in perfect condition .
i bought this two years ago and have been using it nearly every day since .
bought this for my dad ,  and he loved it on his iphone num_extend
i will be buying this again for her .
it ;s so easy to use and so easy to clean that you ll never use anything else again .
i got the item num_num days early andc i was very pleased .
i am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is .
this is the second krups i have purchased and am happy with both .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
i went through a few electric kettles before i settled on this excellent product .
the screen and camera are much better than the num_extend
the sound is adequate . + battery :  great so far  : d gives more than a day .
he loves it !  this was a cheaper price than others but much better quality .
just as good as the original iphone cables that came with my phone .
my husband has been searching for the  perfect  cup of coffee for several years .
i actually like the blue light ,  unlike what some other people have said .
all of them produce heat ,  but this is the handiest heater i have ever used .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
these pans are just the right size when cooking for two .
the best part is that the price is just about the same today as it was num_num years ago .
i m so glad that i did !  the measuring on both the side and the inside are very handy .
this case will help you feel a ease .
it was easy to use and the first time i used it my chicken came out tasty and moist .
if these fit your ears you should be happy with them .
this thing will put a good edge on anything .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
it was the best move i could have made ! i m very happy with the purchase ! r .
i got all of these for really cheap and it worked as expected .
however ,  this stopper is perfect for those times when you can t finish the wine the same day .
i m very happy with this product and will come back for more .
good luck in your purchase of this item and i don t think you ll be sorry !  .
i love the fact that there is num_num lengths with these spoons .
ive had this case for over a week now and i truly love it ,  sleek design ,  fits great .
other than that it works just like the other one i had .
the sound is much better than i thought it was going to be .
i have found the battery more than doubles the duration of power to my num_extend
i like the shape and look of this grinder .
i bought this one because my microwave is red ,  this looks great on my counter next to it .
i like this cover much better than the others i ve tried .
i love these tumblers ,  i hadn t used ones like these since about num_extend years ago as a kid .
he said it does what is is supposed to .
this is one of the nicest phones i have used .
this case is probably the best one i ve seen for the num_extend
this is a well made product that i am expecting to use for some time to come .
this pot is used at least num_num times per day and it has held up well .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i purchased this juicer in num_num and it s still going strong .
but other than that is is great and protects your phone too .
num_num months later and i am amazed how great it works every time .
coffee maker  got it as a gift over num_num years ago  .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
so to me ,  it looks even better than the one num_extend
have used heavily for some num_num months ,  and works flawlessly without any issues .
this knife is very good at making precision cuts and it looks awesome .
good product ,  but it could stand to be a little snugger .
after num_num weeks of use ,  we are very happy .
easy to apply !  if i run out of the screen protectors will for sure buy these again .
i find this pan very useful ,  cleans up pretty easily .
i have three dogs and three cats and love ,  love ,  love this product .
it worked fine for just over a year .
plus ,  because it doesn t have a contact plate ,  it is much more reliable .
have several different sizes now .  .  . all the square or rectangle and i am very happy with each piece .
i loved that there was more than num_num in each package .
this product is very good for the price ,  but not quite as perfect as apple products .
this device saved me several times on a recent trip .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
this is the only one that i found so far and it s good .
this charger is unique in that it will charge just about anything .
it was very easy to use and seems like it did a good job .
i have to ask my mother to bring one for me from the other side of the earth !  .
i saw that the case had great reviews on amazon and decided to give it a shot .
i ve used this every couple of days since i got it and i m very fond of it .
this thing is nothing fancy but it gets the job done .
i recently moved into the city of sf ,  about num_num miles from the ocean ,  and took one with me .
i recommend this product; we use it almost every day with the kids .
top rated by cook s illustrated this product is durable ,  well designed and worthy of its top rating .
i really do like this product and am satisfied with it .
i wish they would have marked it on the outside but other then that ,  i am very satisfied .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
that said ,  it does work really well and is very easy to take apart ,  clean and put back together .
i love the added comfort it gives when taking pictures .
but you go through a lot of sandwich meat with panini s but this product is wonderful .
i was very surprised with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
with good care this knife will last you forever and is well worth the money .
the mugs are nice too ,  no problems with them .
i would recommend it to anyone who slips their phone in and out of their pocket for instance .
i am looking forward to using this blade next salmon season .
just as described and much better than the one that came with the phone .
we have had ours for over a year now ,  and it s been rock solid .
num_extend usb car charger adapter num_num samsung htc iphone ipod  . work very well .
i have no doubt that this cleaver will outlast me ,  and that s worth num_num bucks .
we have been using this daily for the past two months and love it .
i am happy with the quality of the pens however the color description was off .
i really do like this product and am satisfied with it .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
when i first got this pan i thought it was a little heavy ,  but after using it .  .  . love it .
i have num_num dogs and i love that i can do a quick clean up .
the first time i used it ,  and every time since ,  my panini came out perfectly .
i like this product and would buy another one in the future .
the reason i gave them a high rating is because they are worth the low price charged .
turns out they are a great little size ,  and i ll be buying them again !  .
they do last though for a long time ,  so i am fine with the quality of the brand .
it was nice that it came with extra screen protectors too .
lodge is great ,  i have never been disappointed in any of their pans .
i think i picked this model because it had the best reviews of all .
therefore i was looking for something that i can safely spray onto the pan ,  and this is perfect .
everyone loved the waffles i made in them so i m giving it num_num stars .
also has emulators that you can play with .
well i believe this is the best headset so far that i have used .
i bought this to use with their cookware and it performs as promised .
i was really impressed with the quality and the fit of this case .
works pretty good my cell holds charge for at least num_num hours staright .
what i like about this is that i can charge one set of batteries while using the other .
there are only num_num of us so this is a great size with some left over . very sturdy .
the bass explodes ! i m very happy with this product .
i would rate this product worth at least $
i also have the kotobuki fruit knife with the wood cover shield which i also love .
i have been buying these for year because they are so handy and easy to use .
i have been able to keep one of these on for much longer than other screen protectors .
i purchased this otterbox case for my wife s iphone num_num and she loves it .
if you want it from france ,  this is a good option .
it is so soft and no matter how my phone falls it is safe with this case .  .  .  . great product .
this works perfectly and is well made from quality materials .
i love this thing ! adding after num_num weeks :  the filter gets clogged easily and you can lose suction .
i love to zest lemons with this thing .
my parents have had theirs for num_extend years !  it was a great deal on amazon as well !  .
i have had this for about num_num weeks now and i love it .
i highly recommend this case for the samsung galaxy note .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
it s easy to carry on a conversation standing right next to it .
however this product is really good for people who don t know how to iron .
i can truly say i m very happy with this item .
out of all the cases that i bought this is my favorite .
this is the most solid cast iron i ve seen .
best quality ever from a screensaver that i have ever used on any cell phone .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
i m rounding up in this case because they are really nice .
there are several tips i can offer when making ice cream .
i m using this product past num_num months and its b ful and awesome sound quality .
i really like the feel of this case .
this product is very easy to clean after use  inside and out  .
i can see why this gets such high reviews here on amazon !  .
it does not stretch out too much and is always a perfect fit for your phone .
i have num_num other globals and this one is as good as the rest .
i wanted to chime in with how happy i am with this item .
doesn t take up much space on the counter so it s perfect for a small kitchen .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
i bought this after reading excellent reviews on america s test kitchen .
this is a great replacement !  i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  but have used it many times .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
these spoons are very strong and sturdy . i m only giving them num_num stars because they are pink .
i like it even more than when i first got it .
treat them with respect and they should give you long ,  good service .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
this set of glasses is one of the best things i ever bought on amazon .
i bought this for my granddaughter and she is quite pleased with it .
love it !  i shunned this turner for a long time .
i love this bumper case for my iphone num_extend
after spending some time looking at reviews on the internet i decided that it might be worth it .
well worth the money . i got it in num_num days even using the super saver shipping .
i like the edge brushes ,  which they work very well .
my new little rescue loves them just as much and this jar keeps them from drying out .
easy to use and the price is right .  .  . you can t go wrong with this product .
this is a very good product and i recommend it highly .
i am very happy to have found something that works for me .
it is the kind of quality i d expect from a mount costing three times the price .
seems to be well made ,  very portable but don t expect it to cool a large room .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
overall ,  i think this is a great juicer because num_extend
i like this design as it fits my ear much better and they re not too large that they hurt .
one of the first things you ll notice about this is that it is intelligently designed .
in this case it is a must to use the screen protector for some protection of the front screen .
its built to last and made from heavy stainless steel .
i also like the fact that you can pair num_num phones to it .
i found a solution that will probably work for this phone too .
i took them right back and got another pair .
both have been as good as the the original back that the phone came with .
for the size ,  this speaker is just pretty dang good .
it has a great range and never looses connection as long as i am within num_num ft .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
they did a decent job ,  but today ,  i used the chemex and there is a very noticeable difference .
holds a tight seal on the pastry bag ,  very happy with this product .
oh ,  how i love my roomba red !  i ve never had a robotic vacuum before .
i think it was well worth the price .
if you have a french press ,  you should have this as well .
i will be buying this again for her .
after just a few days with this coffee maker i m extremely happy with it .
small size means it is easy to num_extend
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
i can t believe that this fits ,  feels and looks just like the original screen from apple .
would recommend to anyone having charge issues with their phone .
always hand washed and working fine for past num_num months .
this thing does everything you need for a great price $ for me  .
i bought this product because of the brand name ,  the reasonable price ,  and the overall positive customer reviews .
i would highly recommend this bumper case to anyone who would like to try it .
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
when i started using this i realized i got more than my moneys worth for it .
i ve been using these for awhile and really like them .
i was also happy that i didn t have to assemble it !  well worth the money !  .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
we replaced an older set with this one and he loves the coffee cups .
again i am very pleased with this product it is exactly what i was looking for .
it s well worth the price ,  this is one that you can pass down to the grand children .
the screen looks great and the button isn t much different that the original one .
they are held together with a nice heavy duty stainless ring .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
i like these a lot better than tupperware because they feel more substantial and cost a lot less overall .
in the end ,  i feel like this one does a great job !  .
i like the way it shines blue when on ,  as others have mentioned .
i have never ever opened a can so effortlessly as i have with this opener .
and you will never find a better price anywhere !  .
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results .
and the best thing ?  you can walk away while it is mixing to do something else .
would recommend this to zebra print lovers  !  .
this is best i have ever seen and i have looked at lots before buying .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
i can t say enough good things about this product .
i loved this different sizes of the same cutter .
as easy as any other screen protector to install .
best to have something that fits the bill correctly than destroy your hardware .
this item would work great as a dutch oven too .
i bought this because america s test kitchen said it was the best .
we needed something to make our water taste better and this does that .
i love the case it looks exactly like it does in the picture .
nice ! we have not had any problems with the new machine and we have had it for almost two years .
it was definitely worth the few dollars ,  i give this num_num stars .
it also allows us to pop more at one time than the cuisinart did .
i love cooking with them and they are amazingly easy to clean ,  even when something gets burned .
the sound quality is good on both ends .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
its not a great look ,  but its been working strong for several months now .
this is a great item and i would definitely recommend this .
it s big enough that you only need one so i bought this one .
great product with num_num years of proven performance behind it .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
i have dropped my phone several times with the case on and it has survived so far .
other than that i am really happy with purchase .
i bought this item on november num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
to make a really good angel food cake you gotta have this pan without the non stick feature .
i ve only used it once ,  but will definitely find add l opportunities to use this set .
i still like this can opener ,  its just easier faster ways of opening cans .
couldn t find anything like this at the store so i am glad i found it online .
i put some non skid pads on the bottom and it does the job very well .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
received this product and have been very happy with it .
this case exceeds my expectations and i would recommend it to anyone .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
also i like that i can put the inner container with its own lid into the  fridge .
and i like being able to select frozen ,  which this one lets me do .
this is the quality i expect from this german company .
many other reviewers have done an excellent job with tips on use and care .
i found this product to be easy to use and great quality .
i would still purchase it at the current price .
i really do like this case ,  of the ten i have  yes ,  ten !   this one is my favorite .
outside of the odor i am also very happy with the honeywells and have had them over num_num years .
their particular talents are those the other reviewers have noted .
still giving num_num stars because its a really good deal .
i never thought it would make that much of a difference but it does .
i am pleased with the knives ,  could not care less about the box .
they seem to be very high quality ,  heavy ,  and i really like the design of the base .
i have owned this can opener for num_num years now and i am still mostly happy with it .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
let me start by saying that i love this little machine .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
i ordered these spoons for just one of them ,  and found out that all of them are very useful .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
the chambord is a lovely classic model that makes rich ,  flavorful coffee in about num_num minutes .
they don t cut open like my old cutting boards and i would recommend them to any and all .
the reviews on this item were good ,  and i agree .
this is by far the best bluetooth i have ever owned ,  i would recommend this device to all .
norpro makes a great ,  high quality product that lasts .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
i upgraded some of my kitchen tools and utensils and this whisk made the cut .
this charger is amazing !  you can charge your phone and still see the screen without cords in the way .
best timer i have ever used for this purpose .
its very good for daily use ,  well packaged and a very good value for money .
bought this unit after reading the reviews posted here and i m pretty happy with the purchase .
i cannot give a higher recommendation !  the seller delivered on time .
allows to have a different blade for just making shakes and blends them very well .
i love the color ,  happy that it came in something other than plain old black !  .
if this one works as well and holds up as well as ours has ,  it deserves num_num stars .
i feel like this will hold up pretty well over time .
love that i can wear it around my neck .
based on the reviews ,  i decided on this product and i was not let down !  this grinder is awesome .
been using it for about num_num months now and it stills looks as cute as ever !  !  .
it works better than anything else i ve tried .
this is corelle ,  so you can believe the quality of this product .
we have used it quite a few times with great results .
everyone i ve talked to on this has given me feedback that the sound quality is extremely good .
i took this on a hike and it did a fine job of holding my phone comfortably in place .
i ordered this as a gift ,  because i ordered one earlier for myself and loved it .
i got it about three months ago and i use it mostly to toast bread and bagles .
i just love these cake circles they are just what i had been looking for .
i bought a set of num_num of these knives from target many years ago and love them .
i would recommend this product to anybody or any like it .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
i purchased this juicer in num_num and it s still going strong .
i love it !  i will repurchase this again !  .
this stove top expresso pot delivers a cup that is hot ,  strong and full of flavor .
i especially like the ring that holds them together .
this is the first steamer i have ever purchased and i must say that i m very pleased with it .
i love this !  it makes my shabu shabu cooking so easy .
i used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part .
this feels to me like the ultimate pizza stone !  love it !  .
i have had one to slice tomatoes that works on the same principle and loved it as well .
i just want something that works well and will last for a long time .
you can really tell the difference from the stock .
and as other reviewers have said ,  it looks nice as a decorative piece .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
i bought these corn dishes for my hungry family of boys ,  and we like them .
it gave my iphone double the battery life and for the size that made me really like this product .
i have been very pleased with this case so far .
i ve tried three different citrus squeezers and this is by far the best .
this stone cooked about num_num pizzas perfectly !  the stone is super heavy duty .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
had this for about num_num months now and it still works perfectly .
other than that ,  for me ,  it s just right .
but for what this waffle maker does ,  it does very well .
i ve been using almost num_num months and still love it .
this product does everything that it says it will .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
this is very good with the noise canceling and feel very comfortable .
always look brand new regardless of how many times they are used .
i bought this for my best friend and she said it works great for her iphone num_extend
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
i love this product and have used it several times .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
i would order it again in a heart beat .
i would recommend this product for the price .
on the whole ,  i think this is a good product that i would recommend .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
great addition to my cast iron pan that didn t have a lid .
this is the best case i have ever head for my phone .
in comparison with other more expensive cables they work just fine .
this is my favorite peeler and i now purchased a num_extend one .
i ve tried it twice and it does work .
i am very pleased with the purchase and would buy from this company again .
we already have put them to use and love the way they handle and cut .
i ve tried num_num other cases and this is easily the best one of the bunch .
i really feel that i got a lot for the money .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
this is the quality revere cookware that i remember from forty years ago .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
you always know where it is when you need it .
i ordered two of these hanging canvas bags ,  and they are wonderful .
bought it due to the size ,  in case we have family coming over .
so there is a lot of room inside this cooker .
most comfortable set of earbuds that i have ever used .
it s about double the price but is well worth it .
i found this one with many great reviews .
we ve had it for over a month and have used it several times ,  and it s been terrific .
i m an oxo fan and haven t been disappointed yet by their products .
i ve been very pleased with this purchase ,  and love  as usual  the rubber grip of the handle .
purchased this product and i am very pleased with it .
i am very happy with this purchase so much i bought another one .
i bought this because america s test kitchen said it was the best .
the replacement back that comes with it fits well .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
worked pretty good with my samsung num_extend and now works ok with my lg num_extend
i m so happy to have found this item .
these bag clips are really well worth buying !  they are well made and strong .
i have used it several times already and like it .
they are extremely sharp ,  cut well ,  and have a very comfortable grip .
he would never spend money on something like this for himself so i thought it was the perfect gift .
i haven t used them yet but really looking forward to the experience .
i ve been peeling potatoes for over num_num years ,  and this is the best potato peeler i ve every used .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
the handles make it easy to pick up ,  too .
after using this for a while ,  it is really helpful .
it was very well designed and works well with my iphone num_extend
it adds so much more useable space in a cabinet that has pipes running through it .
these spoons are very strong and sturdy . i m only giving them num_num stars because they are pink .
also delightful to watch your dinner s progress through the tempered glass lid .
this is such a great and quality product .
i can see this lasting for a long time .
there are four sizes of earbuds included which is a plus .
this bowl does go great with that set and everyones review is spot on about this bowl .
i m used to oxo quality ,  but this is over the top .
i got this fryer after seeing all the positive reviews for it ,  and i haven t been disappointed .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
i have a lot of loaf pans but this out does them all .
overall this is a very good addition to my motorola photon num_extend
it works amazingly ,  just like everyone else is saying .
this food mill surpasses anything else out there .
love the price !  item is described perfectly by the seller !  would definitely buy again .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
this made making pies from scratch really easy .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
i was so happy to find another one like my old one and have enjoyed using this one .
this is the best peeler i have ever used .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
they have a great feel and the nonstick is just superb .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i definitely recommend this case i love it so much !  .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
i love these because they are so long !  !  !  so much better than what comes with the iphone .
i got this pan here on sale about num_num months ago and use it almost every day .
this item arrived as stated well packaged and in great shape .
this is the num_extend order i ve made with crazyondigital ,  and they have been great so far !  .
but ive had this for num_num months now and its as good as new . it is the real deal !  .
i love that it doesn t take up tons of space like the old electric grill did .
this really cooks things up good and really cleans up nice once you have used it several times .
i purchased this for a friend because i love mine .
the bass explodes ! i m very happy with this product .
as several other reviewers have said ,  this grinder is a very good deal for its price point .
i took a vacation home for num_num weeks and enjoyed the use of this product there .
other than that it works great ,  no problems at all .
they have a nice weight to them that makes them feel balanced in your hand .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
i have used this charger primarily for my nexus devices and they have been performing well so far .
this cover makes an old phone look and feel new .
it irritating but i can work with it . overall construction is solid and seems to be pretty good quality .
easy to install ,  up and running in less than num_num mins !  !  !  .
this was the easiest ice cream i ve ever made .
this product is like  permanent foil  in my opinion ,  and really does the job it was made for .
love the size of this num_num quart serving bowl .
i had one by dirt devil that i used for over num_num years .  .  . it died and this replacement is great .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
i can t say enough good things about this product .
this one is great ,  with the strainer that comes with it .
this one arrived and does work as expected .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
i bought this as a surprise gift for my wife .
this case is worth more than double or triple the price .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
it s a great help in our small kitchen ,  and i would recommend it to anyone .
many good things have been written about this product and i agree with most .
it allows me to use it both phones at the same time . i will buy again .
but it takes great pictures with the num_extend camera and it has great num_extend video recording .
i would purchase again from this seller in the future !  .
i purchased this set to help me with my cake decorating .
i have been using this charge for a few months now and i am very happy with its performance .
finally i came across this percolator and have enjoyed the best coffee every morning since .
i had this stone for num_num years and found the more i use it the better it works .
i have these and another brand and i love them all .
it is well made of seemingly good quality materials .
i ve had this dustbuster for num_num years and it s still going strong .
there are many options for eartips and form fitting solutions .
this is a nice clean poly board that stands up well with regular use .
i loved this pan the first time i used it .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
i bought this as a goldbox value and i have not been disappointed .
fits my phone perfectly with a plastic case on it .
very few timers have this and it makes it much more useful than the others .
this case is such an improvement over my original ,  bulky otterbox case .
we ve been using it for num_num months ,  and we are satisfied with it .
so i give this product a five star and would recommend this to any one .
i bought mine about num_num months ago and absolutley love the thing .
will recommend buying this if you want to have a phone without a case .
it does the job ,  and our guests have been happy with their coffee from it .
i have several of these in different sizes .
i love the size of this french press and the shape of it .
i just got it and i really like this kettle .
this is one of the better ones on the market .
i ve used them many times and they re great !  .
then fit nicely in the tin they come in ,  which makes them easy to store without losing any .
i got this grill about a week ago and i love it .
and what a gift it was !  top standard french press coffee pot .
like all oxo products that i have experience with ,  it is well made .
i got this fryer after seeing all the positive reviews for it ,  and i haven t been disappointed .
i agree that this is a superior product and far better than others on the market .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
i agree with other reviews that recommend this pan over another cheaper version by the same company .
would definitely purchase this item again if the need arose !  .
i have used it three times ,  and it works as expected .
i ve tried all of them and they worked fine .
it is very handy to be able to use a bag and just throw it away .
needless to say ,  we are v . happy with this purchase .
i find myself using this more often than i thought i would !  .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
i have used anker batteries in the past with excellent results .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
this little speaker set is way overpriced ,  but they do work quite well .
this is the best one i have seen !  .
that s just fine with me ,  the flavor is best this way .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
i can definitely see myself keeping this one until my next upgrade ,  and maybe beyond .
i was very impressed with the quality of this item .
for num_num years ,  this food chopper was perfect for my wife .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
these bags are always handy !  especially for a beginer like me that uses so much .
my husband is a very happy man with these meals too .
i read the reviews and decided to give this size a try and for me ,  it is perfect .
these worked great for me ,  and i would purchase again .
very sharp ,  i have had it for num_num year now and i haven t had to sharpen it yet .
but i got the silicone extended battery case and this fixed that problem .
i m glad companies like this offer reasonably priced screens with a complete installation kit .
this thing pulls shots like the local shops .
i have a white iphone num_extend and i like the white case with the touch of color .
first pastry bag that i have owned but it seems like a very good bag .
this cleans up nicely ,  i enjoy it and would recommend it .
i was happy to see that they were still made them .
the best part about the stainless steel is that i don t have to worry about it ever breaking .
i bought this in num_num and still use it .
it s very handy and doesn t take up much room .
this is the best chopper i ve ever purchased !  .
this is the best case !  i have a num_extend old and he loves to play with my phone .
this thing will almost fit in your wallet .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
so after a couple of days i was fine with the design .
num_num stars because they are well built headphones .
i use it every couple months without problems and do enjoy using it .
these are just the right size i am very happy about them .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
i was really impressed with the quality and design of this item .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
this product does what it is suppose to !  i recommend this product .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i bought these storage caps to replace them and they are very nice .
from a distance it looks like the real thing .
after num_num months of use ,  they re holding up well . very happy with this purchase .
i will be ordering these again in the new future .
this is the best filter i have ever used .
i ve been using this everyday for num_num years and still works great .
my num_num year old grandson loves it !  couldn t be happier !  !  .
these glasses are very heavy and very sturdy .
i am very impressed with them for doing that .
however i have found that the fuller the pot the hotter it stays .
the cost factor is reasonable and quality of construction is very good .
decent enough quality and at a very good price .
i ordered this because it is small ,  handy to use ,  and easy to clean .
i have no problem with that and i m very happy with the case .
i got this to avoid that problem and it really does make nice straight cuts .
so far after about a month it still works fine .
bought as a gift and i m sure they will like them .
i have been using this for num_num months now and its really good .
i would recommend this item to anyone who is really interested .
it has charts for cooking times and everything you need to know about cooking great meals .
i am glad that amazon carries things like this .
i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a good screen protector .
well worth the money and i recommend it highly .
we have been using them for over a month and they are wonderful .
after only num_num minutes i had some of the most amazing ice cream i have ever had .
i really like these so well that i ordered more .
this toaster does a fine job and we like the ease in using it .
after a couple months ,  i am very happy with my selection .
i have found that i really like this soap dispenser .
got this for my granddaughter num_extend for christmas .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i cannot imagine being without this neat gadget in my kitchen !  .
i love this case it is great ,  i would definitly order from you guys again .
i have had several different brands and these are just the best .
keeps the line moving !  .  .  .  .  . now throw your hands up it the air and wave them like you just care .
i have owned this for num_num months and i m quite satisfied .
i would buy this again in different sizes .
i would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
this wheel is great because it is duel purpose and works very well .
i tried several other kinds ,  and some are okay ,  but this one is better .
i have other fancier ones with a nice base at home ,  but this works well for me .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
i plan on using these for many years !  !  .
this was my first portable phone charger to buy ,  and so far im impressed with this product .
this frother is a must for the serious coffee drinker . dec .
this case is working out very well for me .
they cut great with very little pressure or effort .
i ve been using it for a couple of months now and it s worked out great .
i love it and it produces the best popcorn i have ever had .
this is a good idea and i hope it works .
couldn t find anything like this at the store so i am glad i found it online .
they are thick and sturdy ,  and have had no problems with hot liquids .
i wish they made a twin size with the sides !  .
i also like this particular stopper because it s profile is very small .
whenever you re ready  after num_num minutes or so  you ve got perfect rice .
the others have said how nice this is and i agree .
we have ordered another to have as back up !  .
i ve had this kettle for num_num months now and really like it .
i tried this one and it works just as well .
all in all ,  i am happy with this product .
wish they would fit a little tighter but it works .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it would also be nice to have intermediate size markings on the cups . overall these seem quite good .
i m so happy with the size ,  construction and quality .
i ve had my num_extend for about num_num months now and i m still in love with it .
just the right size for one or two ,  as other reviewers have said .
i was very impressed with the quality of this pan .
i plan on using these for many years !  !  .
i trust the brand and even though they were cheap ,  they worked fine .
she was very pleased with this product and so am i .
it is good that it comes with three pieces .
these make the ball jars even more likeable .
would recommend this to anyone who doesn t want a mess on their table .
overall there s little fault i could find with the imperia and it does its job well .
each one i purchase seems to be of better quality than the last one .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
this one looks like it will also provide excellent service .
you will not be disappointed with their customer service !  !  .
like all le creuset products ,  this one is awesome too .
we tried this machine and it really took care of business .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
i ve used this num_num times now while jogging and it s good .
a good name brand ,  i would probably buy more at this price ,  they re grand .
this canner is by far the best buy for size and function ,  in my humble opinion .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
if you have not tried a commercial nonstick pan ,  i recommend this one as a test pan .
it is much better than any other air purifier i have used .
great little gift item . i dont think there is a better deal out there .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i agree with all the other high star ratings for this prep board set .  .  .  . i love them .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
i also tested it with an iphone num_extend and it paired perfectly with that as well .
it will also have a much longer battery life !  .
it does what it is supposed to do and without much fuss .
i would recommend this product to all my friends ,  the case fits nice and i love leopard .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i got this to compare with other one that came with can opener .
i find them to be of the same quality as years ago .
i have been nothing but satisfied with this product .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
because they are that good ,  most scratch resistant ones i have ever seen .
besides that it is awesome !  with its two num_extend usb ports it is great for a car .
i gave this product num_num stars because it is the best i have found .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
i would definitely buy again and not look elsewhere .
it is very heavy but that is what makes your job easier .
we got this product to go with our newly purchased foodsaver num_extend vertical vacuum sealer .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i have tried several covers ,  and this is my favorite .
wow !  this really did work the way they said it would .
if you just want a one serving ,  easy coffee maker ,  this is good .
it comes with a few adapters and will work with the iphone usb cable .
i have been using this charge for a few months now and i am very happy with its performance .
sound is good and battery life is sufficient .
they re a little pricey when compared to other brands ,  but worth every penny .
i m impressed with this exceptional support and service and have upgraded my rating .
my wife likes the looks of it ,  i like the functionality .
i received this product for christmas and it work just great .
it feels great in your hand and have great protection for your phone .
i found this on amazon and thought i would buy it .
this actually works great ,  because they pulverize vs chop .
i see they also have new lodge silicone handle holders .
i would purchase this product again and i would recommend this brand to my family members and friends .
it has such a cute design and  even though made of hard plastic  is very durable .
the packing was exceptional and everything arrived as hoped .
this thing is absolutely great !  i love that i have a tub that fills up all the way now .
it has many positive reviews so i thought i couldn t go wrong .
the case is good protection for my phone .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
these have been great to clean up the mess .
they are a great company that takes good care of their customers .
would definitely order again and recommend to others .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
i have gotten a couple of these as oem versions for pretty cheap ,  and i really like this product .
we have used this brand for years and like the quality .
i received this as a gift and have been pleased with how it cooks .
this makes the incredible thinner and lighter num_extend ounces compared to the droid s num_num ounces  .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i loved this different sizes of the same cutter .
its not the pink they show its more like a dark magenta but its still pink and cute .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
that being said ,  it provides you with juice and protection .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
this is a real deal mortar and pestle .
i love these cases just because they look really pretty .
really enjoy having this knife around; it s very sharp and has a great ,  comfortable handle .
doesn t fit well with all phone covers but the product is good and would probably buy again .
does not tip over .  .  . is very stable even when opening a large or odd shaped num_extend
at last a really useful and thoughtful product .
feel it can last very long and worth the money .
i received this product very quickly and love it .
just holding this peeler in your hand tells you your money has been well spent .
i was blown away at the care of the packaging and instructions to make sure everything goes right .
i have bought a few chargers for my phone that haven t work so i am happy with this one .
even one of my chef instructors loved it and would use it from time to time .
this is the best coffee maker i have ever owned .
if you like garlic ,  this will become your best friend .
this is the first immersion blender i have purchased and i am glad i chose this one .
it s priced right and comes with free shipping from amazon .
what a nice ,  firm fit ,  and it keeps the phone from sliding onto the floor .
definitely would recommend this item to my friends .
this was just what i thought i wanted ,  and it was great .
the glass is thick and high quality ,  like you would expect from pyrex .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
i am very happy that i received this set as a gift .
battery holds up all day ,  even with heavy use .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
they come with the tie wraps to close them and the dots are really cute .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
i am very glad that i purchased this product .
it arrived when expected and was packaged well .
the sides fold around which makes the grater very sturdy .
we have made so many tasty dishes with this thing its unreal .
it comes apart very easily ,  so it s easy to clean .
works great with my samsung galaxy and my friends iphone .
my husband finds it very useful when making espresso for more than num_num people .
i would highly recommend this system ,  and the bags ,  all available from amazon .
i am really pleased with the quality of this product .
the quality of this pan was much better than i expected for the low price .
would recommend anyone to buy this product as it has kept my galaxy tab very protected .
the utensils that came with the set are also very nice .
with such a great case they could have come up with a better belt clip .
i like that i got the extra muffin pan with this set as i didn t have that before .
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
it has just about everything that you need for your kitchenaid mixer .
with the handle it is about num_num inches ,  which is a perfect size .
if you have a phone that this works with buy it .
i love this and i was so surprised that this is used for so many other things .
really like these durable white plastic lids for my jars .
this was well worth the money ,  it does a very fast charge in the car .
they are great they work nice they have very good sound .
however ,  after not working for num_num days ,  my machine is making perfect bread once again .
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
this thing is pretty much a must for any kitchen .
i ve had my first pair for over num_num years and they are still in amazing shape .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this product .
i am impressed with the quality of this set .
i personally like these a lot and use them every single day !  .
this is the first steamer i have ever purchased and i must say that i m very pleased with it .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
this is absolutely the best thing to have to extend battery life .
i have a cup of lemon and hot water every morning and this saves a ton of time .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
haven t been able to use them much yet but love them so far .
i bought this because it was super cute and i normally don t like snap cases .
i have been using this canner for two years and love it .
bought this unit after reading the reviews posted here and i m pretty happy with the purchase .
i ve used it num_num times or so now and it is easy to use and clean .
it s one of those things that you ll really like .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
i m looking forward to using this more when the weather warms up here in michigan .
simply an ingenious design that has yet to be improved upon .
i currently have this case on my iphone and love it .
i have received many a compliment about this pitcher since i started using it .
all items are a good size and have a clean look to them .
this is by far the best i have ever used .
bottom line is that this is a really amazing bt headset .
this is the best case that i have every use .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
to my thinking ,  that s pretty darn good overall reception ! i have been very impressed with the battery life .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i ve picked a winner !  i ve never seen or had a pepper mill that works as well as this does .
but i got this one because of the reviews and they were right .
this is really cheap and good quality screen protectors .
that said the num_extend smart pen is very nice ,  indeed .
i love this pan i have been using now for about a month and had no problems .
i research more than several products and i am extremely happy that i chose this one .
so far i have not had a problem with it . i strongly recommend this holster .
i ve given two as gifts and they have been well received .
i really loved these napkins but do wish that i had been able to buy more of them .
cooking is a breeze with this set and the quality is very good .
despite that ,  i really love this case and the color .
they are attractive enough that you just might want to keep them on display .
after buying this headset i am very satisfied from the quality of it .
it looks more durable than my old rubber rings .
this means it will fit every iphone num_extend as well .
the performance is there ,  and for this price you can t go wrong .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
i love the travel mug that comes with it .
this product is very easy to use and easy to keep clean .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
there are cheaper ones which does the same job ,  but this product has a good design and a stand .
in return ,  this knife will provide you with a lifetime of service and is likely to outlast you .
i would rate this product worth at least $
we are all very satisfied with the product and your service .
my first thought was that i would use it for pancake batter so i did and it worked great .
love this case and would buy it again .
i found that grinding meats to be very useful .
i used this constantly for several weeks and i really like it .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
i was impressed with this little red guy .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
and i m glad i did . this set is one of three that i purchased .
this product does exactly what i expected it to do .
the ear buds are a great idea that have never worked as well as i would have liked .
this is great !  !  we ve used the pan about num_num times since getting it ,  and there are no issues .
they were very easy to install and the fit was perfect .
the unit also comes with a small manual that is easy to read and to the point .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
but everything else is cool  !  i would recommend .
the sound quality is great for that purpose ,  but i wouldn t use it for everyday music listening .
i ve owned this cast iron skillet going on num_num years now and it s just great .
this is the second can opener of its kind that i have owned .
this is a very good product for a truck driver .
i have tried several different film coverings for the iphone num_extend and this is by far the best .
i thought this would be good to have as a supplement to the two bionics we have .
like what previous reviewers said ,  this product is really fantastic .
i also like the fact that these have a pretty good battery life .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
this product makes me almost like cooking ,  because the cleanup is so easy .
this is another product i would highly recommend .
i am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is .
they seem to love to have a little pen to play with .
i would recommend getting the circle filters like these instead of the square .
super happy with customer service and product price .
i have purchased this product twice and both times i have been very satisfied .
i like that you get more than num_num in the package as well .
i purchased this based on the excellent amazon reviews .
they re solid glass ,  smooth on the bottom ,  and the tops are soft but sturdy plastic .
this canner is designed to fit num_num quart jars perfectly .
this is by far the best fm transmitter that i have used yet .
very happy with this product and would definitely recommend .
this thing will put a good edge on anything .
these are so much better than the food coloring you would buy out of the grocery store .
i ended up buying this knife because i really liked the look of the handle .
the sound quality is much better than any other bluetooth i have ever purchased .
it keeps the beverages hot more than num_num hour .
it has a very smooth finish that slides in the pockets very easily .
i have been using it for a year and it still is in good shape .
to describe how much i am in love with this speaker .
i ve had other versions of this type of item before ,  but i love this one .
they are very sturdy and i m sure they will last a long time .
i just purchased another one because so far this is the best case for me .
so far ,  i m very pleased with this device .
well worth buying ,  if you can burn the money .
the replacement came within a week and i take this thing everywhere !  .
i was really pleased at how different my coffee tasted after using this grinder .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
so i bought this salter and i ve found that i really like this little scale .
and ,  the travel charger that comes with this is perfect too .
i also used the other end makes the cakes look so good .
really happy with this item i have nothing to complain about .
i love oxo and trust all their products .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
you will be happy you have the extra one day when you do need to plug something else in .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
should have bought one years ago !  buy it !  well constructed ,  works very well .
seems a bit pricey until you get your hands on it and see how well made it really is .
it keeps little fingers out of our jewelry ,  while letting us see what we have !  .
this is so much more powerful than the holmes .
i chose this because of the  good grip  on the product .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
i have not had any problems and the beans have been just simply perfect .
certain it will protect my dx and that it ll last for years .
this set is perfect ,  what i wanted for a long time .
very pleased with the quality of these cases .
i am very pleased with this product as i own both iphones and ipad .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
i bought this for my wife ,  it was the best price i could find any where .
the good thing about white is that it goes with anything .
they seem to clean up very well too .
we will definitely be using these pans on a regular basis .
this one works just as well and i expect it will last as long ,  too .
but it s heavy duty and will stand the test of time .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
this is very cute !  the tail comes off a lot but other than that i love it .
this is great for loose tea or as i have been experimenting with ,  is cold coffee .
this really should have come with the phone ,  but since it didn t ,  this is a good buy .
i ordered this case for my droid bionic ,  and am happy with it .
even though it is over num_num years old it still works very good .
i just bought the convectional toaster oven from them and i like it a lot !  much better then microwave !  .
call quality has been much better than any other brand i have tried .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
for how i use this ,  i think it works great and would recommend it to anyone .
my husband finds it very useful when making espresso for more than num_num people .
hence num_num stars vice num_extend i am extremely satisfied with my boos .
it s so good to have a backup battery and this thing is original equipment so it s perfect .
i like it the first time i used it .
other than that though ,  it s an excellent buy for the price ,  and my tea has never been better .
i ve never had any problems with this waffle maker ,  and i would recommend it to anyone that loves waffles !  .
this is absolutely the best scale that i have ever had .
this particular pan is good for what it is designed to do ,  be a sauce pan .
the great perk about otterbox though is that they will replace any of their products free of charge .
i love this pan and will buy more in other sizes .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
it s stable ,  cheap and does its job well for $
it works well but is a little smaller than i had expected .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
he got the hang of this thing right away .
i purchased two of these at a great price of $ each from amazon for my droid num_extend
have had it about num_num months and am very satisfied .
this product has been used a lot ,  works superbly well ,  and has lasted .
all in all ,  i am happy with this product .
it is always easier to make what you are hoping to make with the right equipment .
i ve only used this product twice ,  but it worked perfectly both times .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
would recommend this item to all tea drinkers !  .
they look great and the sound is very good .
i don t know what else to say about it ,  except i m really pleased with it .
this was a great price and it works just perfect .
i love that you don t have to peel or chop the garlic and it s really easy to clean .
so far every time that i have used it ,  it works great and gets the job done .
even after i got married they are still in daily use .
after reading some reviews ,  i was actually surprised to find out how quiet it is .
the more quiet your car is ,  the better this product will work for you .
i m looking forward to using this for at least the next num_num years !  .
i have tried many different spinners over the years and this by far has been the best one .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
it does the job very well ,  even at the low setting .
just another part of your traditional coffee experience .
that sort of thing . this particular case is the very epitome of precision cut .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i found this on amazon at a much better price than i could in the store .
the best thing about these scissors is that they come apart for easy cleaning .
this one has stood the test of time ,  about a year and a half and counting .
this is just a solid fat separator with all the features that you need .
treatment with a product like this is key to the life of a quality cutting board .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
the holes cut for the front and side line up perfectly with the phone .
i think this is a great little machine .
there were a few bigger flakes but over all the consistency of the grind was excellent .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
this is a great item and i would definitely recommend this .
this is a good quality product that i would recommend to anyone .
this is so much better than what i have used in the past .
since they were so affordable ,  i end up changing the filter more frequently  a good thing  .
nor sure if that is what attributes to it s superior quality but thought it was an interesting observation .   .
i bought this unit about one year ago .
the panels are really pretty and much nicer than boring plane ones .
the design is slick and they gave a little more design than the standard hard plastic innocase ii .
i do recommend this product based upon my experience with it .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
i bought a few of these for my families phones and they look great .
i would agree with other reviewers that cleaning often is key to enjoying these for a long time .
i like this item better than other burger presses that i have used .
i was very happy to receive this product for review .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
this case is amazing ,  it is the best thing that can ever happen to an iphone user .
i d rather have a pan that worked perfectly than diamonds .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
i can say it does it s one job very well .
so far i have not had a problem with it . i strongly recommend this holster .
i got this phone case today and i really like it .
other than this ,  i find this to work very well .
i love it and i have yet need to replace the screen protector i used from this product .
a neat design that looks like it will last for years !  .
the neutral colouring means they will look good in almost any kitchen or living room .
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
even though my evo looks thicker it s worth it cause of the protection it offers .
this is a perfect replacement for my cusinart num_num cup coffee maker .
this product makes a decent cup of coffee .
they get daily use and have been holding up very well .
one has lasted me half a year so they re decent .
it s great !  it even has instruction images on the device itself .
it works just as great as the charger that came with my phone .
each one i purchase seems to be of better quality than the last one .
when i found this set ,  i was elated and am not at all disappointed with the quality .
i know that there isn t much to a milk frother ,  but this one is much more durable .
i bought this for my phone and i m very pleased with my purchase .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
i m not sure how well it will hold up ,  but it is cooking well and cleaning well .
as others have stated ,  this little gem works .
these are very sturdy and have nice handles; they also come easily off the ring without a fuss .
i will be getting another one of these .
this was pretty much exactly what i expected and what i wanted .
this cuisipro stainless steel measuring spoon set is a great set for the price .
you can really go gourmet with this thing .
i m not sure why its so cheap ,  but they ve got a good thing going here .
bought this num_extend one as i love num_extend one so much .
that original mat has held up well for the last num_num years .
a solid num_num star rating for this convenient water boiler .
this was a great buy and is small enough to be portable but big enough to cut most anything .
shipped immediately to me ,  this usb car charger is worth way more than i paid .
this is my first and only kitchenaid mixer ,  and i have been thrilled with it since day one .
i would buy this pan again in a heartbeat .
have more than one vehicle so i keep more than one of these in each .
wow ,  for the money this works great and the size is just right ,  good buy .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
even putting that aside ,  this is a well made ,  very durable coffee mill .
i am pretty sure that isn t good to ingest cheap ,  but works nicely for what i want .
so such an inexpensive unit ,  really worth the money .
even though the sound isn t that great ,  i still really like these headphones .
definitely would recommend this one to anyone who doesn t want to spend big $ on a coffee grinder .
i have had more fun with this machine .
i have been using them on the grapefruit my parents sent me from arizona and they work perfectly .
if you are hard on phones ,  i would recommend this one .
just an observation . all in all i like this case and it does a good job .
i didn t expect much and was pleasant surprised when i received it .
i am happy with my purchase and would recommend this .
the reward is tasty fresh brewed coffee to be enjoyed .
these are supposed to be the best and work very well for me .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
overall very satisfied with the product and delivery .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
my expectations have been met ,  so i would recommend this product .
i really like this little gadget ,  it has a large capacity .
we really like this microwave but more we like how easy it was to get it from amazon .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
this slicer works great and ,  unlike the other make that i had ,  it is so easy to clean .
the item arrived quickly and was well packaged .
i would recommend it when you need a new battery for your phone .
it is made well ,  and we are into our second season with no problems .
i have nothing but great things to say about this purchase .
this hoover steanvac is as good or better than anything i ve ever used before .
i definitely recommend this product as well as this seller .
i ve had this case for num_num months now and it is still perfect .
this case is far superior to the one i purchased first for my iphone num_num last month .
definitely would recommend this item to my friends .
i really like these and would purchase again .
i was just pleased with the was these product protects my ps vita .
always look brand new regardless of how many times they are used .
i would definitely order from this company again .
looks much better than the plastic thing we were using .
it is so easy to use and it really works !  i am pleased to recommend this product .
i have used this salad spinner for about num_num years and really like it .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
i have used it several times already and it cleans up very easily .
this case looks just like the picture and is very pretty .
this coffee grinder works well and looks great on our countertop .
my fiance loves this product for in his work van .
this product is just amazing ,  and i would buy again .
when i opened up the package i found the knife to be very light and very sharp .
it feels secure in your hand without feeling  grippy  ,  getting stuck on everything .
don t expect anything more than that and you will be happy .
this burr grinder has worked well for me for num_num years .
feels great in your hands ,  does not get sweaty and slide out of your hands .
these items looked to be of good quality and have lasted several months so far .
i will be buying more when they go on sale again .
awesome !  just what i was looking for when i ordered a case .
this product has been working well for a while .
these knives are the best i ever bought .
this is a very nice item; my wife was going through about num_num per month .
and i have found this one to be of the same quality .
for someone looking to get a quick edge on a blade ,  this product does what it needs to do .
i enjoyed doing business with norpro , and i will use them again   :  .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
i would recommend it to anyone . hope this helps !  .
this is hands down the best motorola headset i ve ever seen .
i have had this kettle for about num_num years and just love it .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
their cases always fit perfectly and they are the least bulky compared to other cases available .
nice product ,  but be aware this thing is big and heavy .
it was definitely worth the few dollars ,  i give this num_num stars .
let me tell you ,  this pan is worth the money .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i bought one num_num months ago and it s still working great so i just ordered in the second one .
they have always arrived way ahead of time .
i d rather not have a cover on my phone ,  but if i must ,  this one does the trick .
i bought this slicer about num_num years ago and it s the best slicer .
definitely a recommended purchase if you re looking for a quality pizza pan at a great price !  .
they flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine .
i read all the other reviews and pretty much agree .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
we tried this machine and it really took care of business .
i used super glue to reattach them and they are good as new .
we have both an iphone num_num and num_extend in our home and this case fit both perfectly .
ordered this and it came on time and works like a charm .
i was a bit hesitant based on some of the reviews but honestly found this product very useful .
this set is a nice christmas gift and i would definitely recommend this product .
it is best to use a case with this ,  as the corner can tend to come up otherwise .
i hadn t been able to do this prior with any other bluetooth device ,  so this was a pleasant surprise .
for that peace of mind alone i give it num_num stars .
this is worth way more than the low price .
i am very pleased with these headphones and have use them daily since they arrived .
i put the dinner plates in it they are easy to get to and easy to put away !  .
it would probably look real nice on the black one as well .
this is honestly the best travel case i have ever seen and would not use any other .
the press itself has been good ,  especially for the price i paid on amazon $
the lids are still in great shape although i have never put them in the dishwasher .
however there is a price for that great coffee .
the fact that there rubber is good because i use them when working out and i sweat a lot .
i like them and would recommend them so far .
but the price was reasonable ,  even with the extra shipping charge ,  and it is attractive .
it also has good grip and isn t so smooth that it slips out of your hands .
i purchased these around a year and a half ago ,  and have been very pleased .
this is a slim case that looks very cool on the phone .
this mount does a very good job holding the phone and fits in the cd slot well .
i ve never had a problem with it working and it is very sturdy .
i couldn t be more pleased with this pan .
and it even comes in different colors ! thermos makes a pretty reliable product and this one is one .
i d love to see one like this that takes pods though !  .
other than that ,  this is a very good case and a great value for your money .
otherwise ,  this product is excellent and i ve had no problems with it at all .
this was the best case i have ever used .
despite that ,  tho ,  this opener is really worth the bit of extra cost and patience .
this phone keeps alot of the navigation that i m famaliar with and adds some nice tweaks to it .
they feel solid ,  screw on easily ,  and seem to seal well for my purposes .
using this on a num_extend and i m very happy with it .
i have found this product to be for protecting my iphone num_extend
love them !  they are exactly what i was looking for .
i am soooo happy that i bought this num_num years ago .
probably the best  beginner  set i have ever seen .
they have great weight and balance and cut very well .
i did charge it for about num_num hours right out of the box  .  .  .  . this bt headset is very nice .
so far ,  i tried them on the num_num inch pan and they adjust well the two together .
it has been num_num weeks and i love these batteries and after num_num months ,  i now love my epic .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
on the whole ,  i think this is a good product that i would recommend .
as with all the wusthof classic knives ,  they are sharp ,  and balanced . cannot go wrong buying these knives .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
i wasn t sure how well this would cut ,  but it does the job pretty well .
$ a month will keep you going for num_num days ,  and $ is good for a year .
it took a while to receive them ,  but they were packaged well and are what i needed .
but this phone has more appeal than num_extend and has better more smooth graphics .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
found that i use it more than i thought i would .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
overall ,  i am very pleased with this product .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i have probably used it over num_num times ,  and every time has been wonderful .
the next day the coffee is still warm enough to drink .
the item is priced right is the main reason i bought this .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
this one ,  for liquids ,  has quickly become my favorite .
the lids fit very securely over the container without me worrying about anything leaking out .
they were the best shears i have owned a had to replace them .
this is a great product ,  gave it a num_num stars because it does everything it stated it would .
take good care of these kitchen shears and they will last a lifetime .
high quaility connectors that fit properly into phone .
they re not very expensive ,  so it s worth trying them out .
i like this much better than the otto box .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
they have made this unit a  must have  for their kitchen .
however ,  i have found that to be true with most cuisinart products .
this num_extend is my second battery i purchased from them ,  and i am impressed with its longevity .
i recommend a lot of practice to those who have never used one before .
now i know that i don t have to spend a lot of money to get something nice and cute !  .
i like this little french press coffee maker .
these are the nicest est of pans i have ever owned .
i have had good experience with products made by rowenta ,  plus the product is made in germany !  .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
the first thing that impressed me about the units was the quality of the portafilters .
i have had this cheap little kettle for more than num_num years and it still works great .
i would recommend them and be certain to shop with them in the future .
the touch is great as well nice feel and very user friendly .
i have ordered them before and they are very sturdy ,  practically indestructible .
i still give it num_num stars because of its great fit and great sound quality .
i bought this hoping the quality was still good for this unit .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
the connection with my iphone num_num is good .
i purchased this num_num years or so ago and it s been a great help to have in the kitchen .
thought this would help from what i read and it worked a lot better .
i have owned he four star series for many years .
i recommend this product from wabash valley farms .
i would recommend this to anyone ,  especially those over the age of num_extend
i m completely satisfied with the quality of the product and the company whom i purchased it from .
this flask is the best i have ever used .
these are very heavy duty !  they were an excellent buy .
i also like that it can be converted to a usb connector and used with your computer .
this is the easiest to apply skin i ve ever used and the result is the best i ve ever had .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
what can i say ?  i m a fan of this oxo series and think it is well worth the money .
i highly recommend it !  i would give it six stars if i could !  !  .
works much better than anything else we ve tried .
they were a nice size ,  vibrant color ,  and have a great design .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
also it will protect it from getting scraped as well .
these sheets have served us well for the past four years .
i love this ,  i bought num_num of these .
that is how much i love this product .
this grater ,  like the others i rated ,  is just great .
it lasts about num_num months comfortably and is easy to use .
they are durable and should last a long time .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
i could not decide which size to get but this num_num cup is a great size for us .
i got it together in less than num_num minutes and was able to clean my carpets immediately .
after num_num years with this cooker ,  used probably once a week average it has been great .
i like this product and would buy again .
it looks like it will be easy to clean ,  unlike those made of wire mesh .
this is easily the best coffee maker i ve ever owned .
the case also helps with the entangling problems .
place filter in with tab to the left and feel that it s secure .
works best heating it first with hot water before making coffee .
if there s a tortilleria anywhere near you ,  check it out .
i will be buying more of these here just to have on hand .
i have to admit that i bought this toaster because i love its candy apple red color .
i agree with all the reviews that this product is excellent .
i actually bought this for a friend and he seems to love it so far .
you will not be disappointed with their customer service !  !  .
once i got the hang of it ,  i never stopped and fell in love with this particular can opener .
i love this blender !  we went through several before buying this one .
other than that ,  i am very pleased with this product .
i have bought num_num of these for different phones and all were spot on for fit and great prices .
they are very nice looking and high quality .
the quality of the material is higher than i would have expected .
this one product has made a huge difference in the ease of being in the kitchen .
i have owned this item for num_num weeks now . so far ,  so good .
i am looking forward to using this blade next salmon season .
and this is easily the best cell phone i have ever had .
great if you have a work phone and personal phone that you would like to pair it with .
it s a really cool tool and i m glad to have it at times like that .
there are many things i like about this grill having had a smaller version previously .
the speakers are satisfactory and could have been louder .
i got this for my husband and i haven t heard any complaints ,  so must work just fine .
this is hands down the best screen protector for the iphone .
i am so glad i went with this one ,  .
but this one is great and i would recommend it .
the headphones are a bit heavy to run with ,  but for relaxing around the house they are great .
i have been using this tumbler for around six years now  time flies  ,  and it is still going strong .
i hate having cases on my phone but i do have to say ,  this case was a great decision .
i have used a couple of other dehydrators ,  and this one is the best one .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
use to use a juice reamer before but this really does the job .
this is a great cheap device that works wonders with several devices .
bought this num_extend one as i love num_extend one so much .
i ve been using this product as directed and it has kept my cutting board like new .
i used this product in a unique way .
they look nice and do the job well !  no problems with these since i bought them .
i ordered num_num of these for my num_num boys and ,  for what i paid ,  i am impressed .
they are made well and will cut through most anything .
i used this product in a unique way .
i even like them better than my old pitchers as they are clear rather than foggy .
its just a cover but its a very slick little case with a nice feel and texture .
he has had this case for a good num_num months and its still holding up strong .
this is just what it says it is .
i used it several times ,  it worked great .
i am very happy with this case and price is not bad compared to other cases or holsters .
the first one i bought about num_num years ago still works .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
if you have a samsung galaxy note num_extend num_extend or num_extend this is a phenomenal case .
i will be buying more from this company .
i think these are a high quality stand at a very reasonable price . these are very well made .
i think this maybe the best case i have ever purchased for a smartphone .
i highly recommend this product to all of my friends .
also ,  i would say they are large ,  but they do the job !  overall ,  i really like these .
it does what it claims to and excels at double batches .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
i bought a bunch of different ones to try ,  and this is the best of the entire lot .
oxo makes some great products and i usually lean towards them over other brands .
the first day i seen a huge difference in the battery life .
i think this is well worth the money .
i was not sure what this one would be like ,  but i m delighted with it .
also at work it is fun to be one up on those people that tote their cans to work .
some stencils seem to work better than others .
i was hoping these would fit .  .  . and to my delight they fit perfectly .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
in particular ,  i m glad i have this particular model .
as i say ,  they are so well made i also use them for tending to my wood stoves .
i also like how it has a plastic cover for the screen .
i bought this because it looked great ,  but it turns out it was very functional also .
the quality is great and it is very well designed .
it s a great size ,  not too big and not too small .
they seem to work very well as we have not had a problem with our machine .
as a result i ordered another of the motorola chargers from amazon ,  and this works perfectly with the kfhd .
this screen protector is one of the best i have used .
i will be buying more of these here just to have on hand .
i bought this with my food processor and now i have a happy safe place to store my blades .
this cute little headset works with the iphone num_extend
do what they are supposed to ,  work well with my vacuum .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i got this after getting some that didn t quite work very well and this is a big improvement .
i ordered from amazon  best price and free shipping  .
when we got the num_num we were surprise that it is made of platic and very light .
it cooks any meat within num_num minutes ,  perfectly every time .
i had num_extend handy which fits perfectly with these headphones .
i have purchased num_num of these and recommended them to num_num other family members .
this item is high quality and i recommend it .
these cases are very good quality and protect my iphone very well .
with the thick aluminum core and exterior ,  you will definitely enjoy the performance that this pan will offer you .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
they also have a scoop shape for easy use .
i bought this for my phone and i m very pleased with my purchase .
i have used my first one for seven years with success .
i have had mine for at least num_num years and find it to be very sturdy .
also i got the adjustable pressure regulator which made my life a lot easier .
i don t need the best ,  i just need a good enough ,  and this one is more than i need .
its num_num months later and she still loves them and thanks me often for them .
use it several times a week since we bought it almost a year ago .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i like the finish on this bread pan .
i was shocked for the price how high quality this case is .
there is nothing better than coffee made from freshly ground beans .
this is one handsome case !  i like the feel ,  and appearance of this cover .
i ve used the new digital one several times and have found its readings to be quite accurate .
i feel this is the best case i have used for a phone .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
i have baked several caseroles and deserts in these with perfect results .
i bought this for my daughter in num_num and she still loves it .
i am very pleased with this product ,  for the price i paid for it .
like so many other reviewers ,  i am simply amazed at how well the breville electric wok works .
after reading all the helpful reviews i made the leap and bought this one .
this is the first time i ve actually found relief from a pillow .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
have also purchased them for my grandchildren and add the recipes that we make together .
even after all of this ,  it still managed to charge after a long time .
i really like these lids and can t seem to find them in the stores .
the most comfortable headset i have ever worn .
this is a terrific little gadget and really did a great job  especially for $
the jabra num_extend comes with a num_extend connector to use on a plane ,  etc .  ,  which is a nice touch .
this phone case came today ,  and it was a perfect fit for my iphone num_extend
the case is cute and doesn t really add that much bulk to it .
mine have lasted and are still in good shape after all these years .
still mixes like the first time i used it !  i love this machine .
i now have all num_num sizes and i am in heaven .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
i liked this case very much !  it was nice to have a case that would protect my iphone .
i have used it for num_num weeks and it works fast .
he was skeptical because i didn t pay much for it but its a great buy !  .
even though these are very light weight ,  they are amazingly strong .
bought this for my card table for thanksgiving dinner .
to describe how much i am in love with this speaker .
great cover that fits a verizon iphone num_num perfectly .
i couldn t believe the price !  it is fantastic for the amount of product that you receive .
at very good price ,  you can t beat this !  !  .
i m very very satisfied  and relieved !   that this unit performs as well as it does .
they are very affordable and give all the great qualities you would expect from a more expensive brand .
our num_num year old loves it to make his own grillers with this .
very happy with the product and i will buy this product again .
this is the most comfortable ice cream scoop i have ever used .
this product worked as it was avertised ,  this product helped with both the distance of charging and connection .
this unit has been very reliable over the last three years .
i have num_num dogs and this little vacuum has worked miracles for me .
this is just what i have been looking for it ,  works great .
i have the num_num piece set of this product  ,  its a gem .
i ve tried several other bt s and this by far has the best reception for my droid .
a good name brand ,  i would probably buy more at this price ,  they re grand .
i brought it home and thought i had died and gone to heaven .
would  and have  recommend this style to anyone .
this is my replacement ,  and it s even better built than the first .
i have gone through several of these and this is by far the best one i have owned .
i like it the first time i used it .
i bought this becasue i was very happy to see a phone with a metal case again .
with something like this ,  it either works ,  or it doesn t ,  and this one works just fine .
i used this a couple of times and it worked very well .
other than that ,  we are still enjoying this coffee maker .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
i had to show my husband how to use it a couple times but now he loves it too .
i would recommend this product to anybody or any like it .
this case fits the ipod touch like a glove .
i m pleased to say that my baker arrived intact ,  which was a concern after having read other reviews .
this item is a must have for anyone with a htc evo num_extend
this charger works for my iphone ,  so i m happy .
it works very well with my samsung num_extend and with my laptop too !  i recommend this product .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
bags are easy to use and strong and they were sent fast .
i am very pleased with these headphones and have use them daily since they arrived .
all in all ,  i m very happy with this headset .
this product is very useful and has many more applications than just straining num_extend
would  and have  recommend this style to anyone .
great price works well especially when working out .
this is a very well made fan and it generates plenty of air even on the lowest setting .
i like this product because it really protects my phone .
they really work great with my both my phones .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
i recently switched back to the mirrored one because i scratched this one ,  but these are pretty durable .
this is a great multi bluetooth headset use it with my htc num_extend and zumo num_num its all great .
i feel like a real chef when i grill with these things .
i was very impressed with this phone as the reviews were misleading .
i would recommend this to anyone that is hunting for a cell phone case .
like others have said it s a great size for one or two people .
this unit has been very reliable over the last three years .
i purchased this on amazon immediately and he was sure happy .
love this pan ,  it baked evenly ,  the snowflake imprints came out better than i thought they would .
i have to say they are much better than the num_extend
this knife has held up to constant use and all manner of cutting boards .
after months of use ,  the buttons still feel good as new .
the best thing is that it takes very little space to store .
i really like the design of this juicer .
high quality ,  great product and kitchenaid stands behind their products .
i think it looks natural and takes on the personality of the bedroom its in ,  if that makes sense .
this is what i wanted and the right price .
i only used this once so far  , but i like it ,  sure saves a lot of work for me .
i bought num_num of these cases and i love them all .
i love this phone case ,  but i would definitely only buy it if you have the white iphone .
if you use this type of tool on a regular basis you will find this to be the cadillac !  .
this was assembled very quickly under num_num minutes  and is extremely sturdy .
i am very happy with the sound quality .
i get about num_num espresso cups out of this size and so far it is easy to clean .
when using the product as a speaker phone indoors it work great .
i bought this years ago  about num_extend and it s been nothing but great to own .
i have more than enough to keep at home and take on the go or give away .
and it does !  !  the biggest thing though is that you have to do it in one smooth motion .
they were very easy for me to find while i was running once i got use to them .
we have moved a number of times ,  and these still look as good as new .
after my jar grippers started falling apart after so much use; these are great for all kinds of jars .
this works as well as my original apple cord ,  can t tell the difference .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i ve had this for about num_num months now and it hasn t broken ,  which is always good .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
i bought it for my mom num_num years ago and it s still working great .
soft rubber case that looks elegant ,  but at a bargain price .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
it s really bright . this is a great product ,  but arrived very very very late .
this thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
they have lots of free recipes to try ,  and they work really well in the bread maker without disappointment .
so i thought this would help me and him .
they are bright and shiny and keep the shower curtain up in the air .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
nothing wrong about it ,  would recommend to anyone .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
the rest of the time ,  this amazing rice cooker keeps it warm .
based on the reviews ,  i decided to test these out and they work great .
for these criteria this filter is a winner . thanks for reading my review .
i have been using this case on my num_extend for num_num months and it s still in great condition .
i couldn t believe the price !  it is fantastic for the amount of product that you receive .
they have worked well so far and have no complaints about them .
i would like to have had something more whimsical but apron gets the job done .
i love the otter box it is very durable and i would buy them again .
after reading many reviews i finally took the plunge and made the investment . i m so glad that i did .
i love this press !  i don t understand why some people are having trouble with it .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
they will make your food prep easier ,  for years to come .
would recommend for any one looking for the rubbery type of phone cover .
i ve come to believe that west bend makes the best small kitchen appliances .
this charger is a great fit for my htc one with a slim case and i love it .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i have difficulty using other forms of can openers ,  this one is perfect .
i guess i am old school as i really prefer the wooden dowels but these will work as well .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
thought they might be a little bigger ,  but work just fine .
this battery wasn t used long but the time it was in use it worked very well .
just the right size for about num_num big cups of coffee .
i have used these earbuds for num_num months now and they have exceeded my expectations .
there are more expensive models ,  but this one really works fine for most people .
i ve had my little revere kettle for more than num_num years now ,  and it s still going strong .
easy to install ,  up and running in less than num_num mins !  !  !  .
i really like these and hope they hold up for awhile i think they will  .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
i just got this machine and made the strawberry ice cream recipe that came with it .
very glad i bought one of these from amazon .
this worked very well ,  to the point that i ll never be without one again .
good sturdy construction with a metal inside not the cheap plastic .
like most oxo products ,  this has a great grippy handle .
the actual product is exactly what i expected .
i will be buying this again for her .
i used this product in a unique way .
they have all served us well in the last num_num years of marriage .
when i need a new set ,  i will definitely buy this pack again .
this product will not take the place of your big vacuum but it works well for the intended use .
these are always consistent and very good quality .
i got one of these for a shower present when i got married in num_extend
i m glad i made the purchase ,  as it has worked out really well for me .
the lids work great for what they were designed for ,  so i can t fault them for that .
i am very happy with this purchase and i recommend this product .
work great for our pants i do not have any problems with the pants falling off .
i love the fact i can have num_num different meals and snacks all in one container .
he recommended this brand aside from other brands too .
i had my first programmed pot at num_extend am this morning and it was wonderful . enjoy !  .
not only does this charge my batteries a few times over for my phone ,  but it s been quite sturdy .
i was really pleased with this num_extend car charger .
after a week or so the case has loosened up just right .
love this case !  exactly what i was looking for .  .  . a case that would make my beautiful phone even more beautiful .
i love these ,  they hold more than i thought they would .
the price is fantastic . what else does one need ?  i would and will buy one of these again .
i bought this case two weeks back and i am happy with the purchase .
they re a little pricey when compared to other brands ,  but worth every penny .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i would recommend this to anyone who needs the micro hdmi connection .
the best part is they can be washed and used over and over again !  .
these are made very well and are very sturdy .
they are very easy to put on and last a very long time .
however ,  at the time that i did have it ,  it worked very well .
it s much more subtle than in the picture though ,  but i definitely still like it .
i plan to buy more from this seller and would recommend him to my friends .
this set gives you a nice selection with the num_num pieces .
i have tried several brands and this one is the best performer by far .
we ve had one of these for years and just loved it .
it is of a hard type plastic and slick so it is easy to clean .
like all le creuset products ,  this one is awesome too .
quality of the speaker stands was very good ,  especially at this price point .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
but i have used mine since num_num and it is still going strong .
shipping came on time and i am really happy with this product .
these things are great and work for a lot of areas ,  not just the car .
after years of trying and rejecting rotisserie s ,  i m finally happy with this one .
they help to keep bubbles from forming between the dough and the pan .
i ve had one of these for about num_num years now ,  and it works fine .
i bought this because it makes enough to serve company .
it s easy to download music and just about everything except anything requiring flas player .
this is a very nice case for my samsung galaxy num_extend
in my opinion ,  this is the best cookware for your money .
i thought  let me check amazon  and there they were and a good price too !  !  .
i have been using this product for many years ,  and i highly recommend it for red wines .
highly recommend this product and the site as well .
it is a really nice set ,  and looks to last for a very long time .
i have found it best to wrap it up and store it after each use .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
about num_num hours later you have a delicious loaf of bread .
i bought this because i now have children to decorate birthday cakes for .
i would have the phone and the headset . i love the size of this phone .
i m sure that this would work great in the oven too !  .
this is my first capresso product ,  and i am really impressed .
have two and they are of very good quality .
i have tried lots of different portable chargers and this one is definitely better than the rest .
it s very easy to apply but you need to have patience .
just another good reason to buy these headsets .
got this for my nine year old nephew to use with his ipod .
they are the best and made from quality material .
this product is so much easier and great at protecting the edges from getting burnt .
i am pleased with the quality for the price i paid on sale .
i have been with tracfone for around num_num years now and love the company and the phones .
this paper towel holder is simply so good that i had to come and post a review .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
i have only used this a couple of times to move the skillet around and so far ,  so good .
it handles well and opens a can with very little effort .
this set gives you a nice selection with the num_num pieces .
this machine is a little loud  like a coffee grinder  ,  but is really nice to use .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i bought a few pairs of these for the kids as they really fit their small ear canals well .
i bought this one for my so for christmas because he was so impressed with my anker num_extend
but for less than num_num bucks ,  i m happy !  .
it was powerful and could chop ice in less than a minute .
this is one of the best purchases i ve made through amazon .
it is said that these filters will last a life time .
i got a little worried when it took so long to get here ,  but i really like the case .
i have been using this knife every day for all those years and it still works great .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
i use this every day ,  not just for measuring but great for mixing too .
thanks amazon for listing this product on your website !  .
i will never go back to my old peeler because this one does the job the best .
have had this about num_num mos and it still is my favorite  out of num_extend
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
i am very pleased with the quality of this product .
i have several of these in different sizes .
this is a great replacement !  i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  but have used it many times .
this is sturdy case that i think will protect your iphone for ages .
this was a excellent choice and i am glad i made this purchase .
this product works as advertised and is relatively inexpensive .
the america s test kitchen recommended it ,  and i trust their reviews .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
i was looking for something that won t break ,  is sturdy and energy efficient .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i have tried numerous other cases and this is by far the best one .
thanks to all the other reviewers who rated this knife so highly !  .
i only have this a short time but so far so very very good .
i was delighted that i could still find this kettle and have been very happy with it .
but soon i realized that it is really cool and fast to use .
it has surpassed every expectation i have with this company as a previous user of their products .
so i decided to upgrade and buy this one . this norpro is the real deal .
would purchase them and recommend them in a heartbeat !  .
love it ,  i bought num_num of these not all the same color but they are amazing .
make sure you take good care of this thing and it ll last forever .
this is the second microplane product i purchased ,  and i highly recommend both .
they have a really good battery ,  about num_num hrs .
making royal icing is a piece of cake as well .
however ,  i am very happy with this product .
and this one work very well and cheap .
using these for almost a month ,  i have realized how to get the best seal out of these .
this one i bought from amazon is a gift for someone in my family .
i love these so much ,  i ordered these for my new iphone num_extend
this pan will last forever ,  and i love it .
this is the best customer service experience i have had in years .
i bought this because it was recommended by cooks illustrated .
i would recommend this product and seller to anybody .
i would recommend this for people any day .
i am giving it num_num stars because it does a great job toasting toast ,  bagels ,  and pop tarts .
bought this for the wife s iphone num_extend and she and i both like it very well .
in other words it works great with anything that needs crisping .
out of the box within num_num minutes the phone was activated and working perfectly .
i have the htc evo num_extend and this is the exact one i got with it new .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
this product arrived sooner than expected and seem to be of a good quality .
i have been using this product for many years ,  and i highly recommend it for red wines .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
so far i ve only been using it for hamburgers ,  but it s worth it just for that .
i do recommend this product and the seller for prompt delivery .
this battery work well in the older phones for which it is intended .
i have owned my set for num_extend years and they are still in great shape .
so far i have very good experience with bionaire products .
as other reviewers have pointed out ,  the thin construction of this popper is the key to it s great results .
would recommend to anyone and everyone with an iphone num_num or num_extend
we ve had this very egg head for num_num years and we adore it .
i only have this a short time but so far so very very good .
i also really like the sound that it makes .
there is a reason you see so many people with this case .
this looks just like the old one but is better .
no more falling off the window ,  while going down the road .  .  . would so highly recommend this product !  !  !  .
the quality of the material is higher than i would have expected .
they are now num_num years old and have held up very well .
based on other reviewers ,  i purchased this body glove case and it fits perfectly .
this is just what one needs when protection in an unobtrusive package .
fast service took only num_num days for me to get it and i love the price .
i have owned this item for a few years and think it s great .
i would recommend for anyone who owns the htc .
i find these headphones to be very comfortable and i have a large head .
this pan is heavy ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
this works as a fair replacement compared to the more expensive ones .
giving it num_num stars because it s a good product overall .
i have tried several cases and this is my favorite . i call it minimal .
other than that ,  i like it just fine .
i have made it through num_num varieties so far ,  and i like them all .
they are sleek and look great with a nice table setting and have wonderful balance in your hand .
the first time i used it ,  and every time since ,  my panini came out perfectly .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
also i like the phones big screen ,  long battery life and it is very easy to use .
it s very simple to use ,  and takes only about num_num minutes to get it going with very inexpensive ingredients .
they make the water taste great and last a very very long time .
this soap dispenser might have been made for the bathroom but it works equally well in the kitchen .
i found this pan to be extremely nice .
i m happy with the decision because there are some slight differences .
this product is everything that you d expect from kitchenaid .
they are sturdy and have a sharp edge to them .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
i really like this headset and don t see a need to look for a different option .
i would recommend this to anyone ,  especially those over the age of num_extend
one great thing about this is the plug works well with my iphone num_num in a ballistic case .
still looking forward to a glass alternative but this is a great substitute in the meantime .
pretty comfortable to wear for a long period of time .
i just love this product  !   . nothing sticks to it .
it is easy to clean ,  you do have to take it apart ,  but i would have done that anyway .
there are two other issues that are also worth mentioning .
the screen looks like it will last quite a long time and so far the functionality is great .
don t know what i would do without this case love love love it .
they sent me a brand new pair of shears !  good product ,  and good warranty .
after num_num months of use ,  they re holding up well . very happy with this purchase .
does what i need it to do !  i highly recommend this product !  .
this also came with an accessories bag that i found to be nice .
looks just like the picture and good quality .
we will be buying from this dealer again !  we love it !  .
think they should have never abandoned this type ,  love this unit .
this is a quality car charger for the iphone num_extend
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone .
we ve used this pepper mill now for about num_num yrs and it s fantastic .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
if you own any bowl ,  you should purchase this item .
time and money down the drain . ymmv ,  but i ve had very good results with my older version .
this is my second anker battery because they are that impressive .
would recommend these to any one that likes to cook .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
after going through dozens of headsets ,  the jabra extreme ended up being the perfect one .
they are so handy and take up very little space .
this item works best if the contents are cold before starting .
cuts through just about everything and has lasted with proper care .
i think this is a great value ,  and i am very happy with this product !  .
ive ordered alot of screen protectors and these are by far the best .
after some thought ,  i decided i still loved the mr .
we have both an iphone num_num and num_extend in our home and this case fit both perfectly .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
i have been using this for my tablet ,  and num_num slrs and it work perfectly .
i just purchased another one because so far this is the best case for me .
this device does so much of what i wanted it to do and a lot more .
i can t capture it in my shoulder very well either .
this one does it just like it should .
i m about to order another set of these because they re so great .
i like the fact that the case comes with a screen protecter .
i would buy it again . it is easier to clean than the other juicer i have used .
i think it s good that it radiates heat like it does .
this protector is great in that it covers the whole screen and not just the touch part .
i really like the feel of this case .
i like how they include multiple protectors to give you a little comfort when installing them .
it also allows us to pop more at one time than the cuisinart did .
that was the fastest and most convenient customer service i ve ever had .
i was pleased to see that they were made in the usa .
when you finally open the can ,  you ll find inside the most delicious caramel you ve ever had in your life .
this is really amazing how it protects your phone from getting wet .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
other than that ,  i am really happy with this product and i would recommend it !  .
but this one is great and i would recommend it .
i love the concept of this product but the clamps that hook into the air vent break easily .
we did num_num minutes num_extend in our convection oven and they came out perfect .
overall i am very pleased with this product .
they both have served me well and are not the cheaply made .
i will be buying this again for her .
but other than that ,  they hold enough to last the motorhome season .
i ended up getting another one because it works so great .
this is so easy to use and clean up that i should have bought one a long time ago .
i purchased this pan a few years ago and it still look new after many uses .
the product was exactly what i ordered ,  i would recommend this item .
i love this and i was so surprised that this is used for so many other things .
when they call me ,  the sound of their voices are clear and they said they hear well .
giving it num_num stars because it s a good product overall .
this device is practical and reasonably priced when compared to other air purifiers .
its also easy to clean !  this thing is great .
this is a good size for small cookies and melon balls .
so i bought this salter and i ve found that i really like this little scale .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
its a great novelty but who really wants to grind coffee .
there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them .
yes ,  it is able to clip onto the ear much better than other design .
i like the cool blue motorola accent that lights up when it is plugged in .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a quality processor that is reasonably priced .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
i bought these because they were a good deal but they turned out to be an excellent product .
i hope to get years of service from them .
this product is holding up like you wouldn t believe .
you must buy this case and it protected your phone even if you dropped it from waist high .
i just purchased the treo num_num with alltel  not specified here on amazon  and have loved it .
i have purchased three other hand vacs and this one is the best .
this cute little headset works with the iphone num_extend
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
mom is about num_num generations behind on iphones num_extend but she loved this case i bought her .
wonderful product that worked great for the life of my num_extend phone .
needed a long wire to charge my ipad and this is perfect .
it s a case that doesn t make your phone feel bulky and it keeps it safe .
i bought this for my husband for a valentine s present this year .
i have baked several caseroles and deserts in these with perfect results .
got this for my epic num_extend touch from sprint .
it s a nice product and seems to work just fine .
end rant . the phone itself i think is very underrated and under priced for such a high quality product .
i definitely recommend this product ,  since it will eventually pay for itself !  .
i would not have gotten it for myself ,  but i m very happy to have them .
it is really a crazy time we live in when you get something like this for that price .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
good for use with small cloves and big cloves that have been halved .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
so we decided to give stainless a try . we are very happy with this set .
cuisinart , puts out a great product ,  and the seller was very reasonable on his price .
they definitely last longer than the ones that came with the phone .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
it seems like it s made of really good plastic .
i think this is the best i have come across and i would buy this product again .
i will be buying more from this seller .
the smaller tips that these earphones come with fit her ears perfectly .
this is a great pitcher to use when making more than one latte .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
it s exactly what i ve come to expect from the oxo line .
this is the most amazing case i ever have .
the fact that there rubber is good because i use them when working out and i sweat a lot .
good experience with company and item received as scheduled .
these waffles were better than any restaurant waffle i ve ever had . this product exceeded my expectations .
would love this in a num_num cup size for larger batches .
everything about this case fits well with the evo shift .
this item is as described and works well .
makes sense . over all ,  you won t be disappointed with this set .
these covers aren t expensive and work well once they are installed .
i made amazing spaetzle with it last night .
unlimited power ,  unlimited speed choices ,  and this thing does it all .
only time will tell though but i have complete faith .
the phone actually sits with both the power and volume buttons above the stretchy sides .
he says they are pretty good quality and would order them again .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
i really like that this is so easy to clean .
this is the best sifter i have ever owned ,  i am extremely happy with it .
i had heard great things about this case ,  and decided it looked stylish .
i have never purchase anything like this and would highly recommend it to anyone .
this feature would be most welcome as i have ten very good fm stations in my local area .
it s good to cut your sim card for iphone num_num or num_extend
it s good quality and doesn t look like prongs will come off soon like other such products .
i read all the can opener reviews and bought this one .
other than that ,  i really do love this fan .
for the price i was really impressed i would recommend them to anyone .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
these were a great buy !  i would definitely recommend them .
as far as i am concerned ,  this is the best battery you can buy for the money .
the great thing about this is when you turn it on .
i like it the first time i used it .
this is by far the best whisk i have ever owned .
the suction power on this thing is very impressive .
it is beautiful but i have one very large cabinet to function as a pantry .
i would definitely recommend this product to all iphone users .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
we have had this press for num_num months now ,  and we are completely satisfied .
considering the price ,  this little ,  but high powered fan does exactly what it s supposed to .
after num_num months ,  it s still very sharp ,  even without honing it before each use .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and it works just fine .
i have no problems pairing with my phone and it fits my ear just fine .
it looks good and has been around since the num_extend
i was surprised at the quality of this product .
just stick it on your dashboard and it holds the phone up great  we use it with an iphone  .
product arrived in good condition ,  double boxed with protection everywhere .
i bought this about a month ago and it works great .
there s a fine line that you will learn !  i recommend this product .
i bought the largest size silpat so that it almost covers my num_extend smooth top range .
thanks ,  chef n for such a great product and fabulous customer service !  !  .
this was a very good buy in my opinion .
this headset worked well ,  even when driving the car or waiting for the bus .
i have a palmone num_extend and i am really having a good time with both now .
however ,  the best thing about this juicer is it is very easy ,  very convenient !  .
they are the best i have ever bought .
they work fine for me .  . i have had about num_num months .  . work great . i did give num_num to my grand daughter .
this is the best hand mixer i have ever used .
when i started using this i realized i got more than my moneys worth for it .
this product works great ,  does exactly what it states it does .
i had a different style air popper that didn t pop all the kernels so this is a great improvement .
you just can t go wrong with these things ,  they do the job and they are priced to please .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
this product is just what i was looking for in a set of whisks .
this cleans up nicely ,  i enjoy it and would recommend it .
the lids fit well for the first num_num years or num_extend
we have used this brand for years and like the quality .
given the reasonable price ,  i am very happy with this product .
everyone raved about them !  turns out ,  they were right too .
this product was so reasonable compared to purchasing at a store .
i was not disappointed . after opening the box ,  i was very happy with the solid construction .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
i love these and will most likely continue to buy the pouches when my old ones wear out .
very good quality mug that will last a long time .
this ice cream scoop with the pointed tip is one of the best i have ever used .
this book has been real helpful to my daughter .
definitely worth the money i paid for it .
there is a reason they use chrome on cars ,  it is a durable plating .
i recommend this product to anyone looking for a good processor .
bought this num_extend one as i love num_extend one so much .
i had a slight problem with my first shipment and they were so nice and helpful .
this product ,  to date ,  has to be the best stylus that i own .
the tea is good and so far  less than num_num weeks  it functions well .
i have used it many times and it works great .
i have cleaned my carpets num_num times since purchasing this unit and it works great .
it would make a great stocking stuffer for the baker on your list or for a bridal shower .
i still give it num_num stars because of its great fit and great sound quality .
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
still like it though and it does have a num_num year warranty .
i bought this in num_num and still use it everyday .
i felt that the price was more than reasonable for the quality that i received .
great product like all the other otterbox products i have .
at this price ,  which is cheaper than what i bought st ,  i highly recommend this product .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
works great just like the ones they sell for num_extend
i threw out my old ones and bought num_num more of these !  !  !  love them .
still going strong and it s almost num_num years later .
i really like the feel of this case .
i have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
all in all ,  i m extremely pleased with this item .
however ,  with this great mounting bracket and the little device .
i love this pan i have been using now for about a month and had no problems .
taken together ,  this product is much better than zagg .
thanks !  i will buy from you guys again .
this is the best tamper i had in a long time .
this item was super affordable and worth the price ,  it came with num_num front and num_num back pieces .
who would have thought something so small would be so powerful , technology is amazing .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
at first ,  i was very impressed with this screen protector .
thanks amazon for an awesome buy ! more than num_num years later and this is still my favorite pan !  !  .
this is the first time i have used a chinois set ,  but i was very happy with my experience .
my fiance loves this product for in his work van .
it is so quiet and my husband can be in the same room as me when i m using this .
i have used these for years and they have been great .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
while we ve only had the unit for a couple weeks i am very pleased .
there is one with a temp probe that i think would work best .
this thing is great !  i ve bought cuisinart products before and this thing doesn t disappoint .
this item is a great buy for anyone who needs a first or replacement charger .
i liked this so much ,  i bought another .
they have a bit of a sharp edge to them .
for $ i wasn t expecting much ,  but it turned out to be the best mount i ve had .
i bought this device about num_num months ago and have been extremely happy with the results .
i have dropped this about num_num times already and it still works fine .
but i also think that it will do well with other smartphones .
this is the best case i have gotten on amazon .
that being said ,  i m very pleased with this .
this product is a great battery case that provides constant charge to my num_extend
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results .
this item is just as described ,  and works right out of the box .
i read all the can opener reviews and bought this one .
after several years of use ,  i m still happy .
buy this ,  and you will be more than satisfied in every way .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
using a better grade of steel in the blade could make it the perfect opener .
it looks nice and feels like it s good quality .
i have had no problems with it and it works great .
i will definitely buy this product again from sf planet .
but you know what ?  i got this item again and i m still very happy .
i wouls recommend this case if your looking for something cool and unusual .
this case fits will and protects the phone from day to day wear and tear .
this seems like it will be a great screen protector !  .
other than that they are great and do the job .
i ve used num_num screen protectors while i ve had my evo and this is tops .
i have two of these and they work great .
perfect fit and exactly what you need .  .  .  . this size is a very difficult size to find .
like most oxo products it is very good quality .
it took about num_num hrs for everything to be dried and they turned out great .
this is a good machine that does what it is supposed to do .
the interface is also customized and pretty cool with the num_num home screens moving in a num_extend
great product ,  just bought one for the droid num_extend
they have great customer service and always deliver quality products .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
thats where i feel satisfied in buying this great product .
i bought this product directly from amzer and received it this week .
well worth the num_num bucks for the armband .
i bought these along with a set of square cutters .
the num_num liters are perfect for num_num pound bags of sugar ,  flour ,  etc .
we love this product ,  it has saved us a lot of time .
i ve had other devices take up to a minute to pair ,  but this one is perfect .
this was a good buy for me ,  i really like this product .
other than that ,  this is a great product !  .
it keeps the beverages hot more than num_num hour .
they re extremely sharp ,  and i love that it s easy to take them apart for cleaning .
i will be buying this again for her .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i bought this a year ago and used it many times .
other then that ,  i really like it and the color pink is nice also .
these shears are super sharp !  i haven t done any sharpening for the year that i ve owned them .
great thing was that this was cheap and worked fantastic !  will purchase if i break mine .
i love that i can use these with peace of mind with my ceramic knives .
i bought this product a week back and it performs great .
these were fairly pricy but we cook every night so we are glad that we bought them .
i like that this product is so quiet .
i tried doing it with a knife but with this it is much much easier .
got one of these from my mom in law when we got married num_num years ago .
other than that ,  it sure is a nice ,  warm heater !  .
so reasonable you could buy several in different colors to suit your mood of the day !  !  i love mine !  !  .
i am num_num years old and find this knife very comfortable to handle and use .
as for everything else ,  this guy can certainly handle the load .
i do believe that it cleans the fine dust that is what i wanted to use it for .
i have never gotten this great of service from a seller before .
i contacted them about it ,  and they were very friendly .
perfect fit for our house !  we should have bought this size long ago .
i would recommend these items to one and all .
cables work fine ,  feel like they will last .
i ve been using these for about num_num months now and they work great .
bought this pressure cooker after reading so many reviews about how good it is .
i would rate this product worth at least $
now this sounds like a big deal but it only takes around five minutes and it s worth the effort .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
this was a good purchase ,  and will buy from the seller again .
my first impression was that this bamboo block is solid .
the new battery holds a charge better than the original that came with my phone .
they scoop ,  which makes it nice when you re getting something from a canister or straight from the bag .
this would also make a very nice gift for someone who enjoys wine .
i wear a num_extend hat to give you an idea for % recommend these .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
this is the best cutting board i have ever owned .
they are the perfect sizes and the quality you would expect from pyrex .
my boys had these when they were younger ,  and they were a huge hit .
she was very pleased with this product and so am i .
the instructions were clear and easy to understand .
i would recommend this kitchen tool to anyone .
this was the best price i could find that also came with a charger .
the handle on top is an added plus and the wood keep you from burning your fingers off .
it seems to be well constructed and should hang in there for the long run .
i really like this charger and the people i ve shown it to want one .
this case offers great protection for your iphone .
if you are looking for a cheap back up batter charger this is a good option .
this is actually one of the first ones that i have bought and still performs like a charm .
works great with my new samsung galaxy num_num sprint phone .
this headset is inexpensive ,  but the sound quality is great .
i bought these tongs num_num years ago from amazon and they are still going strong .
i am a geek by nature android windows ios i have tried them all and love them all .
this is the num_extend order i ve made with crazyondigital ,  and they have been great so far !  .
i highly recommend them and plan to buy several sets for family members .
this is absolutely the best pan for the money out there .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
don t know how long they ll last but for the price $ i m happy .
i love this product !  it is a must have for egg enthusiasts .
treatment with a product like this is key to the life of a quality cutting board .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
what i found when i started to use them was that they are nice quality and hold an edge .
at this price you can get several like i did and change them up all the time !  .
i would buy this product again and suggest it to my friends .
people can hear me well and i can hear them well .
but other than that ,  it does work well .
i would buy again as best that i ve seen and good price .
yes !  you can connect num_num bluetooth devices working at the same time !  thanks you !  .
hopefully this gets easier over time . the headset features some nifty voice commands .
i ordered this to replace my original one and i am very happy with it .
purchased this at a great price from amazon  go amazon !   .
it is the best hand held mixer i have ever used .
i m very pleased with the quality of this tray for the price .
if you have a great quality tablet this will work .
this is by far the most used tool in my kitchen .
this was probably the best phone case i ve ever owned .
they said it made their carpets  just like new again .   they have also been very pleased with the product .
however ,  i was quite pleased with this purchase .
i don t often rave about a product ,  but this one deserves it .
i really liked this case for the color and quality .
they were a fast seller and had the best customer service .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
love them and would like to order all of the sets !  .
i use it num_num days a week and it has been a real champ .
this is by far the best case . i ve been using this case for over num_num num_extend
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
this helps if you are transporting something that is rather liquid .
i ordered this for a friend who just moved into her first home .
both work equally well after using for num_num days .
that being said ,  i m very pleased with this .
i love to cook and prefer to make things from scratch .
all i can say if you like to mix your own hamburger meat then this works fine .
this model came with some recipes that sound quite good .
i have used this cover for about num_num days ,  it works great and feels great .
i was scared they would catch fire ,  but you soak them in water and they do just fine .
i really like this product and would order again .
but it is very sturdy and works very well .
i have dropped one and it didn t even break !  i highly recommend this series .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
they also have long handles ,  which makes them easier to use .
the gps is also pretty nice even though i have a dedicated system .
their very strong ,  do not bend at all ,  and clean up much easier than i thought they would .
we were also able to pour from a full caraf without spilling anything .
good anti glare ,  feels great to slide your fingers on this ,  as opposed to the glass or glossy protectors .
i have tried quite a few bluetooth speakers before i found this one .
they are very soft and easy to wear for long periods of time .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
i found it had great sound quality on both ends ,  and there was no background noise at all .
takes num_num x aaa batteries  included  . the base is wide and supports the fan well .
the color is so much brighter than it was in the picture .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
it even comes with a nice plastic case .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
it didn t take long to season this and it was easy .
i m just happy that they finally made a mirror screen protector for the iphone num_extend
this worked very well ,  to the point that i ll never be without one again .
this is by far my most recommended mount i have seen .
so far after about a month it still works fine .
after num_num months of use the case is still going strong !  i am very happy with quality and construction !  .
i just got this yesterday and will be baking a cake with it today .
this mat is a perfect replacement for just about anything that you would have used parchment paper for .
i bought this case in december and i have been very happy with it .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
i dipped them in the glaze while they were still warm and they looked beautiful .
when i first got this i thought it wasn t going to last too long but it s been great .
i bought this blender mainly because consumer reports gave it a  best buy  rating .
simply put ,  this is the best bottle opener i ve ever owned or used .  .  . and i ve tried my fair share .
i owned this fan for about num_num years now and it s still working great .
i ve owned this waffle maker for going on num_num years now and it is great .
very sturdy cup that feels like it will give years of service .
i would certainly buy from oxo again and i do enjoying buying from amazon since they started .
i am so grateful to the reviewers who wrote about this product .
all of the parts were included and it was quite easy to put together .
i just received this case and i love it .
i really like this case ,  and so does all my friends .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
i like oem products ,  particularly when it comes to batteries .
this is good for about num_num full charge to the iphone num_extend
they are very sturdy and i m sure they will last a long time .
not only have they a nice smooth finish and are aesthetically pleasing ,  they heat well num_extend for $
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
this is another favorite !  no background noise ,  fits perfect and lasts almost all day .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
i bought this set as a starter set and fell in love with wusthof knives .
i got my first one over num_num years ago .
everyone loved the waffles i made in them so i m giving it num_num stars .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
it s light weight and works perfect on my samsung galaxy num_extend  :   i bought num_num sets .
as others have said in the review the cover is almos a perfect it .
for flavor and looks ,  this coffee maker earns five stars .
i like the idea behind this product and i m surprised i havent seen more like this .
it appears that sanus is proud of what they do and wants you to be pleased with their products .
that first one i bought february num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
overall i would definitely buy this case again .
have owned this pot for many years and love it .
i would recommend this too anyone who want to have different plates on a daily basis .
i gave this num_num stars because as with almost all fiesta ,  this piece is perfect .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
overall ,  i was so pleased with this product that i bought another set for my mom s droid num_extend
this is best i have ever seen and i have looked at lots before buying .
i purchased this set about six weeks ago am very pleased with it to date .
these silicone mats are great !  no more cookies that are stuck to the cookie sheet .
i can really say enough about this phone .
so ,  i read the amazon reviews on this fan and it seemed worth a shot .
over all i like this product for the size and extended power it provides .
i love them better than the deeper ones i have had before .
i did a lot of research and ended up getting this one because of the high reviews .
it is an awesome unit and we d never go back to a toaster ever again .
it fit well and i didn t have any issues with it .
i bought this because of all the good reviews after having read all the cautious reviews .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
you have to be careful with it ,  but it is going to work out .
if you like real butter but like it soft so its spreadable then this product is for you .
the first time i used it ,  i felt in love with it .
i have made repeated batches of yogurt with this machine and every one has turned out perfect .
i also bought the fine grater from this company .
i love to use them when making my special chocolate chip cookies .
my num_num year old is using it for a computer desk and she s very happy with it .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i have nothing but praise for this product .
this little stove top burner works well my dad uses it every num_num days .
will keep buying their products in the future .
i use this several times per week and love the small size .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
i was excited to see that they were truly top of the line .
this is a great product and will fit any size of phone ,  even my num_extend android with otterbox case .
i got this one based on its looks ,  and good reviews .
i feel that my phone is very well protected .
purchased this product and i am very pleased with it .
you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
every time i see it i know that my ka artisan will be with me for many years .
i would recommend this for anyone who has a phone that it will fit .
as others have said ,  the functionality of this headset is very good .
outside of that ,  this is a great product .
i couldn t be more pleased with this pan .
everything by henckel s is always well made and a great product that will last for many ,  many years .
these are dishwasher safe ,  nice looking and still intact after three years .
i ve been using it for num_num months now and this thing is great .
i love this case and have been using it ever since the incredible came out .
i can t believe i love a knife with a plastic handle ,  but i do .
they are so handly i use them around the house and in the kitchen .
i like it the first time i used it .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
this is the best coffee pot for your money .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
this looks just like the old one but is better .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
there is a reason you see so many people with this case .
i was surprised by how quiet it was after reading reviews .
this unit is a little big but feels sturdy .
that s what attracted me in the first place .
i like this case and it will protect my iphone well .
i would recommend this machine for the preheat function ,  the quiet functioning ,  and ease of use .
it is built very well and looks like it will last several years .
i like the fact that this is also a stand and a cover with a belt clip .
i was very pleased with the weight ,  they do not feel cheap at all .
i would recommend these covers because they r very protective .
i also bought the meat grinder which works very well too .
the fact that it costs so much less than the otterbox is fantastic .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
i think they look really nice and he likes how a num_extend can of sprite fit in them .
i love that it comes with a lid and all things caphalon are durable .
i really liked this case because of how unbelievably slim it was .
this bluetooth headset works well with my iphone num_extend
they are as sharp now as when they were given to me as a gift .
when i received it ,  i was more than happy with the product .
i would consider this the best bluetooth available at this time .
i would recommend this for people any day .
got these today ,  charged them up and they paired pretty easily with my iphone num_extend
i think it will last a long time .
this is the newer version of my old one and works a bit easier .
they could use a little more bass ,  but for portable speakers ,  they work very well .
looking forward to making soups with this too .
this is a quality product at a cheap price .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
very fast charger at a great price ! update :  microusb port wore out after almost two years .
its great saving the counter space by not having a regular paper towel holder .
i will be buying this again for her .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
seems to work as advertised but a lot bigger than i thought it would be .
even my num_num year old mom found it to be comfortable !  .
i knew both of these things before i bought it ,  but it was still a bit of a surprise .
they work great ,  they look great ,  and they will be around long after you pass on .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
they would have been worth the full price ,  but i sure love a bargain .
would highly recommend !  !  !  ! i am adding onto my review after having the item for about num_num months .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
this thing is so sharp that just grazing your finger with it can cut you .
i purchased this coffee mug based on the reviews here at amazon ,  and so far have been pleased .
nothing was broke ,  i got everything ,  so i am very happy with them .
i also really like the sound that it makes .
this set is much better than i expected it to be .
i am pleased with this purchase and would recommend .
this is much better than i thought it d be .
i have the iphone num_extend and it works well with it .
the speaker is crisp and clear without echo or excessive background noise .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i have several delonghi products and am very happy with them .
i can live with that for how much time it saves me .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
food cooked in cast iron just tastes so much better than food cooked in anything else .
it s much better than having to boil them .
other than that it s a great wireless headphone for the price .
i ve had this kettle for num_num months now and really like it .
this has been great now for num_num years .
would recommend this to others if its going less than num_num dollars .
so ,  what s nice about this matte covers is that they are inexpensive and you get three of them .
i bought these batteries here from amazon ,  and i love them .
i bought this for my iphone num_num gsm and it fits perfectly on it .
awesome do get it fits securely around the phone .
i m really impressed with the quality of them .
now i use this product and am very happy with it .
this product is a very good screen protector and it fits properly .
i ordered num_num of these and they are perfect for my needs .
my best headset is the one that came with my apple iphone num_extend
great product !  does what it says it will do .
i like the flavor of the coffee i get from this filter .
i personally recommend this product because they work great and they are inexpensive .
got this for my num_num year olds new ipod touch .
build like a tank and great looking case .
i thought this was going to be a cheap piece of junk ,  but it is actually nice .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
this cast iron grill pan is the way to go and amazon is the place to purchase it .
it s a nice ,  sturdy case and i really like the coverage i got with this .
got some that night if you know what i mean .
this has been great now for num_num years .
i feel like my phone is pretty safe while in this case .
this is by far the best price i ve found for these and similar items .
change these filters every month and they do a great job .
they love the stylus for when they are playing on their tablets .
have been using this now for over a year and it is still going strong .
another thing i loved about this separator is the strainer you see on top .
changing them takes about num_num seconds as well . really ingenious product .
i can hear callers very clearly ,  and my music comes through very well also .
have had mine over a year and they have been well tortured lol  and still holding up fine .
this product is a great replacement battery for the phone .
they are basic aluminium tumblers ,  but i like the bright colors .
i ve been using mine for about a month and i like it .
this num_extend whisk is well made  .  . with a very nice handle .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
we have used the product for num_num weeks ,  now and we are pleased with it .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
the battery fit my epic num_extend perfectly ,  as other reviewers have noted .
it fits with or without the surface case .
it also seems to hold its edge well . of course ,  it works perfectly with cheese .
this thing is very easy to use along with making great ice cream .
i m sure it would work just as well on a gas range .
you ll love this and it is well worth the money .
i got this steamer with a $ amazon gift certificate and have not been disappointed .
but once you find the room ,  they really are a pleasure to work with .
they have held up well so far ,  and the plastic is pretty tough .
this makes very good coffee and keeps it hot for several hours .
i purchased this otterbox case for my wife s iphone num_num and she loves it .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
i called peppermate and they immediately shipped me out a new unit ,  no questions asked  great customer service !   .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
i see there are some mixed reviews ,  but i am really loving this gadget so far .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i would definitely recommend this to a friend .
this is a cool feature for this mixer . i use it with mashed potatoes and chocolate chip cookies .
the first time i used this i loved it .
works better than the usb charger that came with the samsung galaxy note num_extend
i found new covers from amazon and should have used amazon in the first place .
i m just very pleased with them and wished i had ordered them long ago .
i have used several different rolling pins ,  and this is the one that i like the best .
would   and have  purchased again . great protector for an older phone .
it was the best price for anything like this combined with the quality .
but my girlfriend just wanted a slim case like this and she freaking loves this one .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i don t know what it is about the slow roasting ,  but it is delicious .
i received this as a gift recently from my wish list  wish lists do work ,  use them !   .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
just as i would expect from brita ,  a great product .
my mother has had this product for about num_num year and she said she loves it .
i read all the reviews and based my decision on the great reviews this product got .
i love this product because i don t have to lay my phone down to charge it anymore .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i ve used both several times already and they both work great .
this is a great device and i would buy it again .
i ve been using almost num_num months and still love it .
love these !  these are the best cookie sheets out there .
made the purchase on this item and have used it a lot .
cable works perfectly fine it is about num_extend long .
these look just fine if they re installed correctly .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
oxo never disappoints with their products and this is no exception .
this is a great buy !  having the num_num different sizes comes in very handy when cooking and baking .
bought these to scoop candy and they fit the bill exactly .
this charger is very nice and comes with num_num spare batteries .
it comes with an extra wire also . this is so much better than my last one .
it s not a heavy weight but it is perfect for what i was looking for .
another good thing about this pan ,  as with all calphalon sold on amazon ,  it is an amazing price .
i think that this is going to work out just great .
we now drink filtered water from refillable stainless steel kk bottles and are totally pleased with this pitcher .
but after a few minutes use ,  both my wife and i realized this was actually a big improvement .
it does get hot so hold it my the top when you take it out of the microwave .
they are worth more than i piad for them .
it was very easy to use ,  and based on my experience ,  i d recommend it to others .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
i like this one better because it comes apart for cleaning and keeps the lettuce crisp .
some people loved it ,  while others derided it .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
this one ,  i have had for over a year and it s still perfect .
i like it and it does protect the phone very well .
want to sip this brew when you first pour it .
hah .   i called ka ,  they were extremely nice and happy to send the replacement part .
as someone else said ,  a gladd lid would have been great but otherwise it s perfect .
some people loved it ,  while others derided it .
i also have several other lodge products  cast iron  and am very pleased with them all .
if you like your coffee hot ,  this is the one for you .
i have no issues with this card ,  and would recommend it .
this was a very good color for me since i put it in my car with a gray interior .
it s perfect for our little antique school desk which is about num_num inches high .
very happy with this product and would definitely recommend .
it seemed like a good idea and it was !  my husband and i both love it .
very well constructed and a must have if you like to dutch oven .
got them so fast !  !  !  i know that they will work great .
these three bowls are just the right size for a family of num_num to num_extend
just got it num_num days ago and i love it .
i purchased this hanger years ago and have taken it with me through four moves .
we have used manual can openers for years with great success .
i also notice when i go wireless  and that is very easy to do  that saves the battery too .
i was able to go to my little tool box and find something that fit just fine .
these worked really well and were great quality !  get them for your kitchen !  .
this one works well and i have had no problem with it .
this emeril pan is just the right match for my household .
the lip on the bottom around the home button is a little strange but the rest seems nice .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
very happy that i switched and purchased this product .
i have a verizon iphone num_num and this cover works well with it .
i have purchased num_num of these plates and am very happy with all of them .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
i find that i use it more than i had thought and because it s from pyrex ,  it s well made .
the num_extend works both ways ,  and it provides great volume and sound for us hearing aid users .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
if you are looking for a quality bluetooth for nothing more than phone calls than this one is great .
we ve juiced everything from small grapefruit to limes with great success .
after a good oil down with this stuff it makes the wood look beautiful !  !  !  .
i ll definitely get more than my moneys worth from this brush .
i feel confident that this case will protect the phone in common falls and such .
i ve found this type of material that i could cut to fit at a local hardware store .
i ve had these headphones for the last two years and they have been great .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
i will be giving these as gifts this year because they are nice quality at a reasonable price .
these work great for cake pops !  i would buy these again .
will be buying this as gifts this year as well .
i liked the first so well that i bought another ,  because this is an essential tool in any kitchen .
i really like the revere ware line and would recommend this to anyone who cooks .
this makes the sound quality much better and you can hear things much better .
do i sound happy with this cooker ,  that s because i am .
my num_num year old does good with them ,  and i like to drink juice out of them as well .
this peeler is one of the best tools i have ever purchased .
have been meaning to write a review on this product; it is that good .
i have owned this unit for around num_num months and it has worked flawlessly .
we find most of our batters work best between num_num and num_extend
i was pleased to find out that i could buy one here at amazon .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
i have had this product now for over an year and am amazingly satisfied with it .
feel it can last very long and worth the money .
i like this much better than the otto box .
these things are great ,  and definitely worth the price .
i bought a big order of these because they re such a bargain .
all in all ,  i m very happy with this headset .
i would recommend these ,  and you ve got all your major pans .
i have own two other cases ,  this one is best by far .
the best part is that the price is just about the same today as it was num_num years ago .
i have been very happy with this battery .
this product is an answer for several of my needs .
i am very happy that this product worked .
so i m pretty sure this is full of awesome and win .
this is by far the best baking sheet i ve ever used .
wish i could love them ,  but they do in a pinch .
i m totally pleased with these and would recommend them to anyone .
this is the best thing i ve bought in a long time .
i have had good luck with the honeywell humidifiers .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
i have had good luck with these so far .
this company has been doing it right for a long time .
there is a marked decrease in allergens in the air and breathing is so much better .
this is my first and only kitchenaid mixer ,  and i have been thrilled with it since day one .
i would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good truly deep dish pie pan .
this one does it well ,  with ease and stays clean .
i like the fact that it s a matte finish .
i bought these bowls when they were on sale and i am glad i did .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
i was so surprised when i received this tool organizer .
i purchased this for my num_num year old daughter s blackberry ,  and she loves it .
recommend this seller to anyone for empire screen protectors .
it s made in france ,  and a bit pricey ,  but is better than the cheap  made in china  stuff .
but this offer is cheap and the product is just great .
i ve had my case for over num_num weeks now ,  and it still looks brand new .
i like the look of this pan and it s an easy clean up .
i love this case fit a iphone num_num good .
i ve put extra time and effort into the seasoning and i just love the results .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
these are the first kitchenaid attachments i ve bought and i m very pleased with their construction and ease of use .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
it looks like good corner protection ,  and that seems to be the key with the iphones .
this make a lot more sense than the cups with the amount on the side of the cup .
these are a nice way to store sponges when they aren t in use so they dry out .
i bought this set based on the reviews and i am very pleased with the product .
i would recommend this to anyone cooking for themselves .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
we ve been using the kettle num_extend day for over two years and love it .
i have done this with eggs as well as steaks .
i will definately look to order from this seller again .
i love this case ,  it s great case . very good quality ,  fits perfectly .
we bought this pot because our daughter had it ,  and we were impressed .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
they really help cut down the space pants take up in the closet too .
it took a while to receive them ,  but they were packaged well and are what i needed .
they work very well and i was not disappointed .
very convenient if you are away from home and you need to get a quick charge for your device .
i ve had the droid razr for num_num months now and have to say ,  this phone is wonderful .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
looking forward to making soups with this too .
there are other uses ,  too ,  that make it a keeper in my kitchen .
i purchased num_num feet of butcher s twine inexpensively right here . needless to say ,  i highly recommend this oven .
this case also comes with a screen protector .
this works great and comes with a little plastic case for the blade .
i ve been using simple mobile for about num_num years now ,  and love it ! these sim cards are great .
i wanted to protect my phone screen and this does a perfect job .
i found the price to be very reasonable for the product i received .
has been in place for num_num years thus far and gets plenty of use .
it does what it s supposed to and it has that industrial styling ,  if that s what you like .
i haven t tried using them for exercise yet ,  but i m confident they ll work really well .
after num_num years ,  the lid broken ,  but it still works . i got this one and love it .
i would buy from this company again and recommend it to others too .
the color is very nice and does charge my phone .
it will make you look like a rock star baker .
i did a lot of research before making this purchase and i am satisfied .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
i just make sure that the berries are not whole ,  and the blender works just fine .
i bought these based on all the great reviews and the great price .
she loves hers too !  i would recommend buying this mixer .
the buttons all align properly with my iphone num_extend and it both improves grip and protects from drops .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
this is the sharpest blade  out of the box  that i have ever used .
i agree with what some others have said .
i wasnt disappointed either as they seem to be a good quality product and they sound great .
i have been using it now for two months ,   maybe three .  i love it .
my son needed a case that would work with his speaker dock ,  and this one does the job .
as the other reviewers have said this thing does do a great job making hot coco .
don t buy a cheap pressure canner !  !  this product is a quality piece that will last for generations .
this product does its job with no surprises .
i got these to replace our plastic storage containers and am really pleased with the quality .
this is the best grinder i ve seen in a long time .
yes i would recommend these for the price you pay .
i give the animal num_num stars because it does have power and does get the job done .
if you like real butter but like it soft so its spreadable then this product is for you .
i bought num_num of these hoping they would fit under my kitchen sink ,  and they fit perfectly .
this is a much ,  much better headset than the old num_extend
this really is a fantastic product and well worth the money .
i purchased num_extend num_num for each car and they work great .
i use this cable to connect an old usb gamepad ,  which makes playing action games a lot more fun .
i d recommend it to others and will probably be ordering more when it eventually is destroyed .
i have been using it for num_num weeks now and liking it more day by day .
i was shocked for the price how high quality this case is .
this bluetooth is great !  the battery life is very good .
the carafe keeps the coffee hot for about num_num hours after brewing which works out perfect for me .
i purchased num_num of them and they have worked out perfectly .
they even look great with my tea sets .
looking for one that did everything i wanted and still performed well at the same time .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
i bought this for my son s num_extend and work perfect from the begining .
that is due to me holding the phone too long but i love this product alot .
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
this is one of the most versatile and useful slicers i have ever had .
i ve had this battery for about num_num weeks now ,  and so far ,  it is superior to the oem battery .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
i really like the feel of this case .
everyone i know who has this phone simply loves it .   .  .  .   .
i think you will be back looking at this one .
i found this product to be easy to use and great quality .
i got these because the price was nice and they looked like they would be ok .
most ive spent on an ear piece and well worth the money .
still mixes like the first time i used it !  i love this machine .
this is my absolute favorite purchase from amazon so far .
at this point ,  i can highly recommend this product .
after using it for num_num months ,  i love it .
mom loved that mixer and used it heavy during the last year of her life .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
this is a good product for the price .
this product does exactly what it says it can do .
it s a great cleaner ,  and i would recommend this item .
it fits very well with very little weight .
never thought i d own one ,  but this one just amazed me .
the surface is large and they are heavy duty ,  solid construction .
it is stainless steel and easy to clean .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
i ve only used it a couple of times but it worked perfectly on my ceramic stove top .
very well built ,  would order again and suggest to anyone needing some organization to their kitchen .
as others have noted ,  these things seems to be very well built .
you can decorate a cake like the professionals with this kit .
this mirror screen protector is a great addition to the iphone .
that would have been a mistake ,  because this is the perfect press hands down .
this charger is good enough to charge an iphone num_num about num_num times .
i was glad to have found this product .
no issues with the size ,  it fit perfectly .
i have been using these for several months and they are fabulous .
they are by far the most useful bowls i have ever encountered .
i bought this one for my so for christmas because he was so impressed with my anker num_extend
used this as a gift and the person was very happy with this item .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
still ,  these are minor and this device works much better than others we have had before .
great price and the product looks like the picture .
great charger !  this charger works perfectly and came exactly as described .
i have num_num sizes and love bialetti for their design  simple  and quality  top  .
i just know that what is inside that jar is fresh .
after having this for a month or so ,  i absolutely love it .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
it looks sleek and feels good in your hand .
i just got this two days ago and found it is the best headset in the market .
this case cost me very little ,  but works perfectly .
the feel of the unit is fairly solid ,  it doesn t feel like cheap plastic .
the blades are super sharp which makes the peeling very easy .
you just can t go wrong with these things ,  they do the job and they are priced to please .
you can pay a lot for other products but this one does the job just fine .
i would recommend this to anyone in the market for food processor .
i owned this phone for about a year and loved it .
that one cost less than half of this product and it works perfectly several times a day .
i like this one so much i will be ordering it in another color !  .
all of my other batches have been good .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
i bought these glasses because they were inexpensive ,  while still appearing to be of good quality .
this comes with three hooks that go over the top of the door .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
they work very good and clean up is awesome .
i never had one of these before and i am well pleased with it .
i own several cuisinart products and like them all .
this is the best garlic press that i have owned .
got it in num_num days and does what it suppose to do .
my personal experience with this machine has been generally positive .
i am very pleased with this product so far .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i would recommend to other s to buy  .  .  . thanx for a good product .
this is a very slim case and fits the phone perfectly .
it is also one of the best kitchen purchases i have ever made .
had this for about num_num months now and it still works perfectly .
this pan is much better then i thought it would be .
i ve been using these headphones for a few months now and i love them .
other than that this is an excellent product .
i have had zero problems with it ,  so i m happy .
i bought the last one several years ago and it is still running strong .
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
although it is still aluminum ,  it is very sturdy and the parts are of very good quality as well .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
i now can say in all honesty it does work just like it says .
if you have other stainless steel appliances in your kitchen this item will blend so well with the others .
however ,  i use them and they work just fine .
has plenty of power ,  does everything the higher priced models do .
this is excellent with little money i dropped my phone num_num times and this cover saved it everytime .
first ,  i have only had this set for a very short time ,  but i really like it .
i like the varying sizes and they are very strong .
they have been up to every task that i asked of them .
i feel that the heat that it gives is very good .
they are about num_num dollars form any res truant supply store and work well .
would buy again and recommend it to everyone .
i can  say that i have used this yet but i can say i like the size of it .
they were a big hit !  great for small details .
i bought this because it was a good price for a thermal coffee pot .
i have been using this case on my num_extend for num_num months and it s still in great condition .
i am absolutely blown away with the suction power of this particular machine .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
i just wanted a red toaster ,  but instead i got something that does a lot more .
this has proved to be more useful than i thought .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
very happy with this product ,  its ust what we wanted and ordered .
i have a small oven and it s hard to find a good solid roasting pan that will fit .
we moved from our home of num_num years .
it seems to hold the heat much better as well .
i received this case just today and was very pleased with how minimal it is .
i have other fancier ones with a nice base at home ,  but this works well for me .
after carefully ironing out the bubbles ,  i now have a perfect screen .
i followed the directions and let the filter soak num_num times and i ve been drinking good water ever since .
she says she could have gotten it at the local grocery store . but she loves it .
instead they are a much more complex shape that fits with the natural shape of the ear .
i thought this was a nice compromise . he is very happy with the purchase ,  and uses it daily .
this product is for anyone who likes to cook .
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
the num_num layer design is great and my phone has survived many drops onto concrete .
very happy with this and if you need some for a htc inspire they fit pretty well .
this charger has worked as advertised so far .
i to am very pleased with this item .
however ,  i use them and they work just fine .
i love the fact that you can charge the sweeper and the extra battery at the same time .
this is a very small thermometer and came with a nice cover for it .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i got this so i can use my phone without having to take my gloves off in cold weather .
this is a great bumper and very cheap .
just wish there were even more pieces !  i recommend this set .
i just received this can opener today and put it to work .
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
after three years of vigorous use ,  i am happier than ever with my investment .
i bought mine about num_num months ago and absolutley love the thing .
i have always been pleased with otterbox products .
this is one of the quickest and easiest ways to make an omelet that i ve ever seen .
cleanup was easy after some soaking with warm soapy water .
i ve come to prefer this smaller size ,  which still serves many and is easy to transport .
it is well made and i expect it to last a long time .
the nice thing about this battery in my case ,  is that it came fully charged and ready to use .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
am pleased that i can just replace the brush head portion on this .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
shipped using amazon prime ,  so he got it in num_num days and it was exactly what he wanted .
i depend on these cases to do their job and they do . great work otterbox .
clean up is a breeze !  like everyone said you will love it .
should have bought one of these years ago !  very handy ,  well made ,  works great .
i think this one will last much longer .
i am impressed with this product and with the quality .
i have used jawbone headsets for years and love them .
they go together ,  and come apart with ease .
this beater works better than the one that originally came with the mixer .
this is the best can opener i ve ever owned .
great little zester ,  as i expected from oxo .
this one does it just like it should .
it looks and feels like one that will last many years .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
thought i ordered it for my iphone num_num but still love it .
easy to use and the price is right .  .  . you can t go wrong with this product .
if you need a simple and durable basic function phone ,  i would highly recommend this product .
this one seems to have a design that is easy to use without much fuss .
we now drink filtered water from refillable stainless steel kk bottles and are totally pleased with this pitcher .
i have ordered num_num of them to date and they are all top quality .
this pot is constructed very well and is good value for money .
this fits perfectly with my num_num year old num_extend
so far i have not had a problem with it . i strongly recommend this holster .
this replacement extended life battery has been a blessing .
it s nice to replace ball jar lids with these after you ve opened a jar of jam .
i got these because the price was nice and they looked like they would be ok .
even after num_num years of heavy use it s held up great .
i am as pleased as i could possibly be with this product and can t recommend it highly enough .
they really did a nice job with this case .
the customer service from jabra is really amazing ,  i will never buy another brand .
have used this many times ,  love the way it shapes for pies .
the cable is longer than other cables which is very handy .
buy several to have around !  the customer service is great and they are very friendly .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
worked great first time and every time since .
i washed it a hundreds of times ad it still looks like new .
like other reviewers ,  i am impressed with this bumper for the price .
i m very pleased with my purchase from warehouse deals on amazon .
i m sure some prefer to see it ,  but this case also protects that part .
i would recommend this product for persons that like to bake .
i have never been so organized and on top of things .
i would recommend this to anyone with an iphone num_extend
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
this is compatible with all electronics that use a standard usb charger .
sound quality is very good for a dock this size and in this price range .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i ve only had the opportunity to use this a couple of times but i love it so far .
now this is one nice pan . very heavy duty compared to any one i have ever used .
very happy with product ,  well designed and made .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
this product is easy and seems to work well .
this is a good product and oxo has done well by me over the years .
for our first time canning we had a great experience with this set .
i m very satisfied with it so would recommend buy !  .
i got this instead ,  and it works very well .
about num_num years ago for a dusty area and have been happy with it .
this dock works well with my droid num_extend
purchased this cake lifter in conjunction with buying the breville smart oven .
this is definitely worth the $ i paid for it .
i like the way it shines blue when on ,  as others have mentioned .
watch out ,  it s sharp !  will peel your skin just as readily as whatever else you re peeling .
this machine does the work and does it at the right time .
i really like the fact that whenever i see fit ,  i can change my phone any way i want .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
the note just about fits nicely in this mount .
i can t bring myself to use them because they are so beautiful ,  so for now they are decorations !  !  .
they are not fragile and yet they are very pretty .
it is the heavy duty quality you would expect from an anchor hocking product .
i would purchase this product again and i would recommend this brand to my family members and friends .
you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
get these ,  they will last you a long time .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
these batteries work as well as the oem one that came with the phone .
unfortunately ,  this can cool the tea more than one would like .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
there are many more out there ,  but you will cover all the bases with this tip set .
i like it because it s cute and it does protect your phone .
this is a very minimalist case which is what i wanted .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
it is a great product that i highly recommend and many people have been impressed with its abilities .
there s others out there that are nicer ,  but this is great for the money spent .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
i thought this would be good to have as a supplement to the two bionics we have .
it feels sturdy and was fairly easy to put together after following the directions .
this is one of the best purchases i have made in a long time .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
we like the grips more than anything else .
coffee flavor is very clean and well extracted .
the case provides a lot of protection for your phone .
magnet is strong enough to keep it closed even with phone in protective case .
sometimes you do get what you pay for and this is a quality mixer .
the wok shop has been in business for decades and their customer service is well honed .
their particular talents are those the other reviewers have noted .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
these sound wonderful and i like they aren t  in ear  .
this is a nice looking small towel bar .
i ve used it several times and love it every time .
good charger i would recommend to buyer to get this product .
they have worked well so far and have no complaints about them .
so after a couple of days i was fine with the design .
worth the money paid for it to keep my hands on the wheel and off my phone .
i did charge it for about num_num hours right out of the box  .  .  .  . this bt headset is very nice .
this product is a good value ,  and is a good power source for my iphone .
it is large enough to cook most things i make and light enough to lift easily .
i would recommend this and for the price you can t beat it !  .
this cutter was just what i wanted and it makes my pies look very special .
these glasses have a nice weight to them and they feel very sturdy .
they were so pretty and i got so many compliments on them !  .
would recommend this kettle and it s a good value for the money .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
it is by far my favorite mount and i will never waste my money on another one ever again .
i am very satisfied with both the quality and the design of this product .
this tree is great to use as an organizer especially since the scarves are so long .
i have a really nice knife set or i guess i should say it used to be nice .
i am very satisfied with this well made and well designed product .
i was not sure what this one would be like ,  but i m delighted with it .
i think that it is worth that price .
i make grilled chicken in this several times a month and it comes out very tasty .
i have made num_num bundt cakes in the last week and absolutely love this pan the design is beautiful .
we love it just wish it made num_num or num_num cups .
a bit pricey but hope that they will last a long time .
this is a nice option if you just want a hard case and not the clip .
this is one of the best wireless charging systems i have ever used .
do yourself a favor and treat yourself ,  even if you decide to try just one pan .
add salt ,  pepper ,  or more tapatio hot sauce if you would like ,  and enjoy !  .
it is the perfect size for a large soup for a family of num_num  with lots of leftovers  .
i use this with my htc evo num_extend phone and it works pretty well .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
i ve had the droid razr for num_num months now and have to say ,  this phone is wonderful .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
recommend it to those who are watching their fat intake .
neat size ,  smaller than regular spatulas but i find it handy .
we will order more  different colors  in the future .
this is the only armband i have found that fits the phone without having to take off the case .
i use them for my lunches and to store cooked food ,  fresh coffee grounds ,  all kinds of stuff .
this mount is the best and cheapest mount i have ever bought .
they seem to be a quality product that should last a long time .
it s very sharp ,  so watch your fingers ,  but great product !  .
this case fit on my iphone num_num perfectly all ports are aligned and available .
i recieved this product today and it is awesome .
i really enjoyed this product for my daughter .
i really like this product and the ease of popping corn .
i got this to use with my samsung galaxy note for usb hosting . it works flawlessly .
i got this in stores for num_num us dollars and it is amazing .
bought this product almost num_num years ago and it has been working great .
this is the best turner we ve had in the last num_num years .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
i encourage you to read all the other reviews for more detail about this quality product .
works great with my num_extend and as a skype headset with my num_extend
i just make sure that the water is nice and hot when i fill the solution tank .
it really helps to see how everything works at least one time before you try to make anything .
i would recommend this as a basic starter set .
after num_num years with this cooker ,  used probably once a week average it has been great .
when i can t reach people because their smartphones are dead ,  i will recommend this product .
other than that love this case  !   !   !  .
it feels like a quality item and i think it will last a long time .
my overall experience with this headset thus far has been excellent .
it s only a toaster ,  but this is one even toasting machine that covers all the bases .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
it works very well ,  will take up to num_num cups of flour .
i liked mine so much that i got another as a gift for my parents .
belkin has done a very good job with this case .
i give this grinder a num_num star rating because it delivers a decent grind .
you can purchase extra attachments which make this mixer that much more convenient .
i bought this for my friend as a thank you for having us as house guests .
i love this coffee maker !  i have used these for the last several years .
i have bought many cases and i enjoy using this case as one my changes .
this thing works great but is small so beware .
i would recommend buying two or more and returning the doas .
this waffle maker still makes a perfect waffle after num_num years of heavy usage .
this bluetooth is great !  the battery life is very good .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
even after num_num hours the coffee is still warm enough to drink .
i got one of these as a gift about num_num years ago .
i purchased this twine to replace the drive band on my spinning wheel and it works beautifully .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
i have been really happy with this set over the past year .
works better than some of the more expensive cases .
both work equally well after using for num_num days .
this knife is really sharp and it s been num_num months and i haven t had to sharpen it yet .
the other screamed at you !  i recommend going with this cover .
as the others have said ,  this product is attractive ,  heavy duty ,  and an excellent buy .
other than that ,  i am very pleased with this product .
for the material this item is made of ,  it was worth the price .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
small size means it is easy to num_extend
yes the case is that tough and will give maximum protection for your iphone for sure .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
hope they ll keep making this one for a long time to come !  .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
this is a very nice case for my samsung galaxy num_extend
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
after reading all the reviews on the bread machines ,  i am very happy with my choice .
this is my second order of them , because every one that sees them likes them .
i like this on better than the carbon steel that i had bought at an earlier time .
it s designed to do that ! after i vacuum my vinyl floors ,  it feels so clean ,  like i just mopped .
if i can find a place for the third i will be buying it again .
i bought a  very good  condition phone from teczilla .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
i have two of these and they are easy to use and versatile .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
its fit perfect on my motorola atrix num_extend phone !  !  i will recommend this product .
i would give this five stars !  good price and good protection .
i wear a num_extend hat to give you an idea for % recommend these .
this puts every other garlic press i ve used to shame !  the action is smooth and easy .
that says a lot about their company and their customer service .
i m also impressed that i can leave it there for num_extend weeks and it still has a full charge .
sound latency can be about num_extend seconds . overall works well with my samsung galaxy num_extend
i love this bird s beak and use it more than i had imagined i would .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
i ve used this set for about num_num years now and it still looks like new .
all in all i would recommend this product to others .
i put it in the dishwasher ,  it comes apart easily and goes back together just as easy .
i really liked this product i got it because it was the easiest to use .
i ordered this because i loved the first one i ever had back in num_extend
i would recommend anyone to buy this product .
from the picture ,  it appears that the color on the band of the dishes is very vibrant .
this product works great ,  i used it to open a smart phone in order to change the battery .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
i have to say that i am very impressed with this case .
i got this to see what electronics were using power when not on and it works great .
this little set is perfect for those who live alone or live with another person .
i have another good grips turner that i like better .
we needed something like this to hold all the vacuum accessories ,  and this is perfect .
am absolutely happy with this product and expect it to last for many many years .
love that i can use glass jars and not plastic bags to save my food .
this is my second dustbuster and it s better than the first .
i just got mine and i m using them right now .
i was looking for one that would fit inside the other one i have and this did the trick .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i am extremely satisfied with this toaster oven .
i would recommend this case to anyone on a budget .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
this is a great money saver ,  especially if you re paying more than $ for a bottle of wine .
this was a real plus as i did several calls using these headphones and they worked great .
i prefer it ,  and have few problems with sound ,  pairing or the earpiece . i will likely order more .
this mug works great if you don t need to keep your coffee hot to drink later in the day .
bought num_num of these shelf organizers and they have worked great .
while the product quality is good ,  these num_num shapes are really large .
i don t think there s a toaster made that is perfect for everyones taste .
i tried this one and it works just as well .
hope they ll keep making this one for a long time to come !  .
the film is easy to install and protects my phone from finger prints .
just read the instructions and you will love this set .
it s something i have been and will continue to use on a regular basis .
but i still have them and they have held up well over the last num_num years .
i would definitely buy from this vendor again .
those with large hands or think fingers may find it especially useful .
they seem to be very high quality ,  heavy ,  and i really like the design of the base .
but this one didn t come with them ,  other than that i love it .
this product is so great that i needed to purchase a second one .
and i like that it s and named brand item ,  because i know that it will be of good quality .
i am very impressed with this grinder so far .
i made a cheesecake in my pressure cooker in num_num minutes ,  and this pan worked perfectly .
this product makes it very easy and enjoyable to make pie crusts .
after num_num years of light use ,  it s still working as well as the day i purchased it .
loved the finishing touch ,  it doesnt get any better than this with the price .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
negative ,  is its really pretty bright and can be a distraction when driving at night .
i am very happy with this purchase !  i wanted one that would do coarse or fine grind .
i love everything about this case except for one little thing .
this replacement battery works great and the price was very good !  i would recommend this product to everyone .
i will be buying more from this company .
they work for their purpose so ,  i would recommend this product .
i have owned this scale for quite a few years .
i was a little concerned about getting the curve and tip right ,  but really ,  it is easy to do .
this is the best wok item we have ever owned .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
i would recommend this for anyone buying the extended battery .
i got this percolator last saturday ,  and have been using it since  for num_num days  . pros :  great coffee .
but that s better than most f . presses out there at this price range .
after trying numerous hands free devices ,  i finally found this .
the quality is exactly what is in the picture and what is being advertised .
it takes a little practice to get the length perfect ,  but that s part of the fun .
this is especially good when using small cloves .
recommend it over other models with plastic handles that break .
pretty good wood ,  i use them a couples times before throwing them away .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
it has lasted him about num_num years now and he just got a new one .
this kit is a must have for any iphone related install or replacement .
very nice set of shinny stainless steel cups .
i m going to order more of these as gifts .
i like this one so much i will be ordering it in another color !  .
the best thing about this grater is that it doesn t suck .
i purchased this because it got a good review on cooks illustrated .
i would not hesitate to recommend this product to a friend .
it is fantastic !  this is the most hydrated i have ever been .
this stylus is a good size and works well .
i look forward to getting reactions from guests !  .
i thought they were great and even put one in my office kitchen .
this product is a bit larger than i expected  this is a good thing read on  ,  sturdier ,  and prettier .
i also do quite a bit of cooking and have large hands .
size , its come at a good time . i will be buying more .
of course i ordered a replacement for the one that i gave him because they work so great .
i like it even more than when i first got it .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
love this thing ,  and i didn t have to spend a small fortune for apple s over priced accessory !  .
i love this product and recommend it to anyone .
i have had one of these for num_num years and really like it .
i bought this as a replacement for a lost cable and it fit perfectly .
it moves very easily ,  and comes with a handle if you need to pick it up and carry num_extend
it works great ! i ll be honest and admit that i did not have high expectations .
have not tried them yet ,  but look and fit well .
now that i ve had it for num_num days or so ,  i really have fallen in love with it .
this is probably one of the best values we have ever bought .
i recommend this product as well as this seller .
people are always interested in it when they are left on their own to boiler their own eggs ,  haha .
it also comes with a very well made and easily applied screen protector .
i ended up buying the screen protector as well and was glad i did .
if you want protection and good looks .  .  . this is it .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
they open and close with ease ,  just like the smaller versions you can buy .
i have been looking for a product like this for ages and this one is fantastic .
who knew something so thin could work so good .
very satisfied with the purchase and would highly recommend this case .
i really think oxo fit the nail on the head with this one .
i really think you should buy one now . update march num_extend still love it .
really good as a mirror and screen protector .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
first one is still good and has lasted num_num years .
i went through many different graters but this one has the best stainless steel quality .
i think i have finally found my favorite ,  and one that may make me stop looking for something better .
in return ,  this knife will provide you with a lifetime of service and is likely to outlast you .
had these for a num_num months now and like them a lot .
this is the best case for people who dont like to use a belt pouch .
it will work with my new smart phone .
i think it will offer aot of protection to the phone which is what i need .
cheap little product that works very well with any kind of idevices .
my first thought was that i would use it for pancake batter so i did and it worked great .
the other reviewers are correct when they say this is a quality product .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
i get perfect eggs every time with this egg timer !  so easy to use .
i purchased num_extend num_num for each car and they work great .
we only cook for num_num in our house ,  so this size is perfect .
i wanted something that would be as good .
this is the best smartphone i have ever used in my mobile life .
so far we are very happy with this product .
what a nice ,  firm fit ,  and it keeps the phone from sliding onto the floor .
this product is one that i find well worth the money .
bought this yogurt maker based on price and reviews and i was not disappointed .
competitive pricing and free two day shipping with prime membership .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
not only are these less expensive but they re really nice looking ,  basic ,  sturdy and not too heavy .
this was very easy to set up and work with siri .
otherwise ,  this mandoline is very good ,  not excellent ,  but very good .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
my wife also has one of these and she loves it . i like num_num as much as i like num_extend
was able to take num_num movies on the road with me .
i like the size and am happy with this product .
i have purchased this brand before and was very satisfied with the product .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
i love cuisinart products and this pan is no exception .
i love watching movies and listening to music on my bionic .
this one does it well ,  with ease and stays clean .
i used it the first time and fell in love .
because they are that good ,  most scratch resistant ones i have ever seen .
tongs are good for just about anything that s not sloppy or squishy .
so far we are very happy with this product .
i would like to add ,  it s very well made and will most likely last for years .
great value ,  and have found nothing else like it .
will buy from this seller again when i need more filters .
i bought this last year and have been really pleased with it .
it comes in a pretty good size for shampoo and conditioner .
it does make a difference in tenderness by breaking down the connective tissue on tougher cuts .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
i ve had this pot more than num_num years ,  and it still looks new .
i would recommend them as they run well and have pasted the test of time in my home .
these cookie cutters are so cute !  they are also easy to use ,  easy to clean ,  easy to store .
keep up the good work with this item !  !  .
over all i am very pleased with this purchase .
it fits on my iphone num_num perfectly and looks great with my case .
i have to say i am very satisfied with this tool .
the best part about this phone is that it is ready to go as soon as it is charged .
i am very well pleased with this product .
easy access to all buttons and features ,  and can be charged with the case on without problems .
i like it . works on food products other then potatoes fast delivery .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
it is challenging to put on this case with a screen protector on but it can be done .
also it is much cheaper and i am happy with this purchase .
i am very happy that i purchased this cover for my lg num_extend cell phone .
good knife ,  comfortable handle ,  very sharp but not extremely sharp ,  still sharp enough after num_num months of use .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
they are so much more convenient than the short ones that come with the product .
and num_num months later ,  this case is still in good shape for me .
i am very happy with this new pan .
i am very satisfied with this well made and well designed product .
we have been using this griddle for about a month now and love it .
it s exactly what i ve come to expect from the oxo line .
they are very sharp so be careful around your fingers .
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
my num_num year old granddaughter was fascinated and helped me do the squeezing .
i got this tripod to take videos with my samsung galaxy num_extend
this is the best smartphone i have ever used in my mobile life .
we really like these pots !  they heat evenly and look great .
i ve only used it once ,  and it works like a charm .
have had it about num_num months and am very satisfied .
i have num_num sizes of these and love all of them . great quality . thanks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . sara in nc .
i will be buying this again for her .
this charger works great for my ipad num_num and ipod touch ,  charging both simultaneously .
this had to the best case i have ever purchased .
i like this item because they are easy to put on and they fit my phone .
to me it makes me excited for the future more than anything .
lol added leather leases to the ones i keep and work so much better than my num_num thumbs .  .  .  . lol .
so glad i ordered this with my food processor .
for the low price ,  i definately recommend this item .
all in all this case is worth the money .
i do recommend this for someone who want to get num_num cups of very hot coffee .
there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them .
i tried them on several phones and tablets ,  and got the same results . they are comfortable .
this case received very positive reviews so thought i d give it a go .
i think this would be good for one person if they just wanted clean ,  good tasting water .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
just like the olden days ,  this phone cradles pretty comfortably between your chin and shoulder .
it has a little less friction than i would like ,  but otherwise its great .
i will be buying more from this seller .
this price seems pretty high to me but i do like mine .
i have had this headset for about num_num months now and i am thoroughly pleased with them .
we ve had the this blender for about num_num months now and are fully satisfied with it .
this product is easy to use and uses your current plug .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
i ve used it for more than six months and i m pleased with it .
we ve had this mixer in red color now for over num_num months and is going well .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
i would love to buy this for someone . p . s .
this case is probably the best one i ve seen for the num_extend
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
i bought this because it was super cute and i normally don t like snap cases .
she says she could have gotten it at the local grocery store . but she loves it .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
it does a carpet better than anything i have ever used .
we really like this style bottle opener ,  especially for beer .
they are made in china but i have to give them credit for being well made .
i have been using them and love them .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
i must admit that this popper works great .
it offers a safer handling of the num_extend which comes with a more slick back cover .
they look nice on the table and have a nice heft as you hold them .
this product gives a lot of bang for your buck .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
i would buy it again . it is easier to clean than the other juicer i have used .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
great way to get away from plastic . they are well made and sturdy .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
as a professional chef ,  i like these cutters as they are precise and thin .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
now clean up is a breeze ,  so i use the grill even more than ever before .
wash by hand only !  other than that ,  good purchase .
my kids have bought this model and swear by it ,  too .
i am very happy that this product worked .
i love kitchen gadgets and have been burnt many times while trying out new products on the market .
i m looking forward to using this more when the weather warms up here in michigan .
the jawbone does make your voice more intelligible with its noise cancelling abilities .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
i hand wash ,  but the pan is dishwasher safe .
i like that this is small ,  easy to use .
i like them because they are sturdy and yet flexible .
but i am really happy with the product !  definitely a good buy !  .
they are very strong which really appeals to me .
i never thought that rice cooking would become such a fun .
i love that it comes with num_num attachments and a nice hard plastic storage case .
oxo have great products and i haven t found anything they make that i haven t liked .
well made and it works ,  but it s smaller than i expected .
but the zune software works pretty well and syncs to the device without problem .
of course they are much more durable than the original .
this is a high quality low maintenance product .
it works well but is a little smaller than i had expected .
does a really good job in protecting my phone and keeping it from being scratched .
the other corelle materials i have are still in great shape after num_num years of use .
all in all i think this case is great !  .
never had any other problems . i am satisfied with this product .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
it really does make a difference when you cook your meat .
i also like that they have a case and are compact .
i first thought i didn t like it but after using a few times it was the best choice .
this thing is very practical esp if you own a car and a bike .
i really like the feel of this case .
she is very happy with her new one and so are we .
i would recommend this product to anyone ,  professionals ,  and amateurs .
this is the best espresso maker i have ever purchased .
gave it num_num stars because the product was genuine and works very well as described .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
we have used the product for num_num weeks ,  now and we are pleased with it .
:   the thing is ,  there is nothing wrong with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
first off ,  i want to say that i love this case .
as others have stated ,  this little gem works .
the company ,  ankler that sells this charger has great support .
i ve only had a chance to use this pan once ,  but i was happy with it .
i love this pan and with a little bit of care it should last a long time .
from the start you can tell that this scoop is very solid .
still ,  these are budget headphones after all ,  with a nice quality feel .
i have small hands and really love these gloves .
i am so happy with my purchase ,  and will definitely be using this pan again .
pretty good buy online !  may get a couple of more for around the house at this price .
love the power this charger has and charges super quick my samsung galaxy num_extend
i like the silicone cover because it helps me better control it in my hands .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
unfortunately ,  this can cool the tea more than one would like .
i know that these are $ but i think that they re worth the money .
i have used it three times and each time like it more .
i love this product !  so far so good .
it s a nice ,  shiny stainless steel with a tight fitting lid .
we bought two of these a year and a half ago . still sharp and still happy we bought them .
it is obvious that many other people love their lodge cookware too .
i would recommend this to anyone with num_num to num_num bars that wants to get a better signal .
if not ,  then don t hesitate to buy them ,  they work great .
great experience !  i definitely recommend this company and will do business with them again .
i have this one for about a year now .
we use it to make a day s worth of formula at a time  which i highly suggest doing .
if there are any issues with etching or fading i will update this review . recommended .
will be buying these again once i use these up .
these are really convenient for recipes that you have cut in half .
i have tried several brands of hot air poppers and this is the best .
the fresh brew is smoother and has a better taste . this product was made in china .
certainly as good as your average wired set .
what i like about this drone is the fact that it can fly its self .
i imagine this thing will last forever if taken care of !  .
this company has been doing it right for a long time .
it feels like a substantial piece of kitchen equipment .
the magnet is strong enough to hold my cleaver .
i am pleased with the knives ,  could not care less about the box .
fits comfortably in my ear and the battery lasts num_num hours .
i bought one of these years ago and have loved it ever since .
the warranty alone is worth the price of this screen ! will purchase again and again for all of my phones !  !  !  .
i ve been using the brewmaster for about num_num months now and i love it .
this works just fine and time will tell how long it lasts .
the best cup of coffee is brewed from freshly roasted coffee in a burr grinder .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
the blade is thin and light weight but still feels durable .
i would definitely purchase from this brand again .
wish they were longer but they work for what we need .
i love that this thing is stainless steel .
i ve had good luck with oxo utensils and thought this one was worth trying .
at first ,  i was very impressed with this screen protector .
i bought these at a very nice price .
great bread knife that gets the job done without breaking the bank .
it s been up for well over a month and is still firmly in place .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
absolutely great buy ,  especially considering there s five of them .
i think if you just need a quiet little fan you will be happy with this for your window .
love the power this charger has and charges super quick my samsung galaxy num_extend
very well made and easy to use even with my arthritis .
the cooling rack that comes with is excellent as well .
this headset works great on my nokia num_extend cell phone .
it s nice to have something different to look at once in a while .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
this bt headset does exactly what i wanted .
i read reviews of knock offs so we paid a few dollars more and got this good quality product .
this thing is the best attachment i have for my kitchenaid mixer .
these will come in handy when i need them .
i got it about three months ago and i use it mostly to toast bread and bagles .
i am happy with this tool for the price i paid .
even after months of use this thing is a really good buy .
my husband didn t like this ,  but i love it because it makes scraping off knives ,  spatulas ,  etc very easy .
i bought it because reviews rated it the best .
you can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen .
i was looking for something different to my wife and this case its strong and beautiful .
i ve had these for about num_num weeks and have been quite pleased with them .
waffles do stick a little ,  but cooking spray helps .
the crunchy kind that one can enjoy and spend a little time with .
they have worked great for me but i do have num_num issues with them .
i would buy this again in a heartbeat .
it was easy to use and the first time i used it my chicken came out tasty and moist .
they were easy to put together ,  and they look nice .
i have tried lots of different portable chargers and this one is definitely better than the rest .
other than that i really like this product .
this otterbox is a true defender of the iphone .
i think i ll have these a very long time but i would certainly buy this brand again .
i have never been a cuisinart fan but they got it right with this one .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
they are lovely and nice so we re keeping them anyways .
this is a better quality filter than what comes with the floormate .
i ve been using the iron every saturday morning for about num_num months and am very happy with it .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
and i must say that i love this decanter .
they all work as expected and i was very pleased with the quality .
yes ,  its big ,  but that s a good thing when you have lots of people over .
i ve dropped my phone a couple of times and the case has fully protected it .
i honestly believe that you could use these bowls for just about anything that ll fit in them .
this item is great !  i love using it .
i had one by dirt devil that i used for over num_num years .  .  . it died and this replacement is great .
it is a combination of the blowing air and the noise that help me sleep .
this case is great and doesn t stick inside my pockets like so many of the other cases .
this item works very well for my cell phone and blue tooth .
this is a well made pan that i have no issues with .
bought these along with the amco measuring spoons as a gift .
this shell was more than worth it s price .
i have an older model that i have had for about num_num years ,  and it is still going strong .
i ve had this kettle for about three months ,  and have been very pleased with it .
it is very durable ,  with no chipping problems .
nice to have these in a set to save some money .
i bought them when the free num_num quart dutch oven promotion from circulon was going and am really pleased .
very few timers have this and it makes it much more useful than the others .
phone fits great without any protectors but who would wanna do this .
i ve tried it on four different phones and had it work great with all of them .
the packages that came with it are very good ,  but it s fun to experiment on your own .
had an earlier version that got so soft that the cover was falling off . this one is much better .
i thought this would fit the bill and offer some padding .
this is the first bt ear piece i have had that actually works the way it should .
the wok shop has been in business for decades and their customer service is well honed .
i think it looks cooler than those other ones that look humongous in your ear .
actually ,  beauty is the reason why i picked this one in the first place .
i don t have this phone any more but the case was a great fit .
it doesn t take up much room ,  and really works as easily as advertised .
i like the injection tip that came with it as well as the cleaning brush .
glad there is so many different ear buds to choose from .
i decorated a cake the other day and was amazed how easy it was to work with these tools .
since the quality is so nice ,  it doesn t matter what color you chose .
i mean thinking about the cleaning and using pans ,  this is a fast and tasty option .
the case also slides into a pocket nicely ,  which i like over those jelly covers .
i m very pleased to have my num_num cup pyrex measuring cup again !  .
i would definitely buy from this vendor again .
i would have given it a num_num or num_num for that reason ,  but customer service was fantastic .
after my jar grippers started falling apart after so much use; these are great for all kinds of jars .
i have had this kettle for about num_num years and just love it .
i bought this about a month ago and it works great .
i ve purchased num_num of them ,  all work great .
i give this product five stars because i really liked the color .
this pasta machine set works !  i was hesistant to buy based on other reviews .
this is the best pot for the money that i have ever purchased .
nothing works like this powerhouse of a blender .
it s a very simple machine with only num_num parts and is easy to clean .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i have been using bluetooth stereo headphones for awhile  few ear bud sony ones  . this one is pretty decent .
i have always loved plantronics products but this one is really nice .
best jug in the game !  recommend this product to anyone .
they are well made and have a nice feel to them .
wonderful !  works great ,  so convenient !  have only used it a handful of times .
it was double the price of this one ,  and i like this aroma much much better .
this set is sturdy and has lasted me num_num years .
this is the third one i have purchased and they are great .
i recommend them to anyone who has the num_extend
it also comes with an extra adapter for the plug .
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
it makes great ,  tender popcorn in about num_num minutes ,  and generally ,  all the corn pops .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
never had any other problems . i am satisfied with this product .
works better than the one that came with the phone ,  it is now the charger i always use .
this product is of good quality and comfortable to use .
this is the best stand mixer i have owned .
i bought this set based on the reviews and i am very pleased with the product .
that original mat has held up well for the last num_num years .
i wasn t expecting much for the price but have been pleasantly surprised .
have since purchased one for the office and one as a backup while it s at a good price $
awesome charger !  i ve had zero problems with these things .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
this kit comes with everything you need to hook it up in your car or home .
this product is the best aircorn popper i ve ever used .
i have had several electric water warmers this is very sophisticated yet easy to use .
i can definitely charge both my ipad and ipod at the same time .
i have had this product now for over an year and am amazingly satisfied with it .
we are very pleased with this tie rack .
with good care this knife will last you forever and is well worth the money .
shipping from hong kong tool a long time ,  but if you can wait ,  it is a great deal .
the keyboard is the best ever on a cell phone ,  nothing comes better than this .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
i will definitely buy another one just like this as well as some more products from this company .
i haven t ran in them yet ,  but for my num_num min workout ,  they work pretty good .
this grate feels nice and it comes with a cover .
have had it about num_num months and am very satisfied .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
husband is happy with it ,  so i am happy too !  .
however ,  i took the plunge due to the low cost ,  and have found them to be entirely good .
this is so much more powerful than the holmes .
it fits well and keeps the dust out of the bowl ,  which is the reason i purchased this product .
bought this product almost num_num years ago and it has been working great .
we gave him this for christmas .  .  . he was really happy when he opened it .
i picked this up ,  and was extremely happy with it .
my num_num year old does good with them ,  and i like to drink juice out of them as well .
i decided to give this a try because of all the good reviews and the modest price .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
havent had any problems with this car charger very pleased .
this is a very nice looking and sturdy stool .
i was looking for something that won t break ,  is sturdy and energy efficient .
i just used my pot for the first time and have to say that i love it .
i purchased this case about a month ago and it has done its job .
this is my favorite headset i have ever owned .
i have tried numerous other cases and this is by far the best one .
i ve used this set for about num_num years now and it still looks like new .
with a few tweaks ,  this would be extremely recommended .
i bought this a year ago and used it many times .
it stays on my counter and i love that it fits well even with the head tilted up .
its worth letting someone that knows what they are doing put it on .
corelle has a great reputation that has been a part of my family for over num_num years .
there are many detailed reviews about this product; mine simply adds another num_extend star  rating which is well deserved .
this makes great hot coffee just like my previous one .
we ve had this very egg head for num_num years and we adore it .
they are really good in taking care of their customers .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
i should have bought more . this is a wonderful electric kettle .
never thought i d be reviewing a can opener but this is a great can opener .
buy this for your wife and you will get it for a long long time .
this is the best of all that i have tried .
for those that like to pound meat ,  this is the one that gets the job done every time .
i have had this for a year and i like it .
i heard great things about them and wanted a screen protector that actually worked .
i am highly satisfied !  my pizza was far superior with this pan over the cookie sheet i previously used .
i highly recommend this seller for their speedy and excellent product .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
over time things may change ,  but as of now i would recommend this product .
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
we bought this set last week and it is a huge improvement .
these are very useful and will buy them again .
i like the feel on the touch screen better than without the protector .
i bought two of these fans and i love them .
i would recommend the num_num cup if you have a larger family .
i do recommend this product and i will continue to purchase . another note people complained about the lids not locking .
this product looks and feels of very good quality ,  i am very happy with the purchase .
the holster will not hold the phone with a case on it ,  but this is perfect for me .
these screen protectors are by far the best i ve owned .
like a lot of other cases ,  this one does the job .
my mom has one of these that she got for her wedding about num_num years ago .
seems to be ok have only used it a couple time but so far it has workd good .
i have corelle ware going back over num_num years ,  it s amazing .
in it and have been very happy with it s performance .
i will be buying this again for her .
i highly recommend this pan ,  and have decades of experience behind that statement ,  enjoy your cobbler !  .
these are even better than i thought they would be .
never had any other problems . i am satisfied with this product .
awesome product and i have never had a problem at all with sealing .
i definitely recommend this product as well as this seller .
these are then easy to pick up with a vacuum cleaner .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
i ve owned mine for a year ,  and love it !  if i could give it num_num stars i would .
i got this to help me with pastries .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
this product is worth every penny ,  and i highly recommend it without hesitation .
i would recommend this product to a friend .
other than that it is very good quality .
i really like this pitcher because you can seal it shut with ease .
it is also high quality and wont break very easily .
i bought this pan as a gift for a family member and for myself .
don t listen to bad reviews !  this one is a newer version and much better .
if you are looking for a cheap micro usb charger ,  then this is a good option .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
the lg oem replacement battery for the chocolate num_num phone is the perfect replacement .
you know it s a good design when you forget you have it in your ear ,  it is that comfortable .
the product whisks well in a short amount of time .
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
i will be purchasing more cases from this seller and am pleased with my purchase .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
i like the look and feel of this case .
i recommend this set if you can get a good price on it .
there s a lot of positive reviews here ,  which is why i bought this one .
it sure lives up to the hype .  . it keeps my phone constantly charged up when needed .
nice and secure case ,  i really like it .
i am very happy with this particular thermometer .
i made a cheesecake in my pressure cooker in num_num minutes ,  and this pan worked perfectly .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
i m impressed with the sturdiness of this product .
bought this num_extend one as i love num_extend one so much .
i have a set of these for myself and was very pleased in how they were made .
i have a collection of num_num wmf cooking utensils ,  but this is my favorite one .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
i have been using them and love them .
i haven t been disappointed ,  and i d highly recommend this blender .
they work just as good and last just as long as the original battery that came with the phone .
the case offers good protection and really isn t too much bigger than the phone .
i would not hesitate to buy from anker again ,  great customer service !  .
this was a great price and just what i expected .
these products are very well made ,  and work better than expected .
is holding up great after over num_num months .
i purchased this pan a few years ago and it still look new after many uses .
i have not tried the more expensive version of this but this works great .
my wife and i got married about a year and a half ago .
shipped to me a day before it was supose to arrive !  thanks will buy from this seller again !  .
the knives have a very fine serrated edge which makes them a very usefull all purpose knife .
it has saved my meal more than once when i got distracted .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
was told that this was a really good gift .
it is well made and will last forever  we ve had the other pan num_extend years now  .
got this one at a great price and it works great ,  no issues ,  thanks .
love this grinder for coffee beans and i ve used it with some spices as well .
i bought this for my iphone num_extend and it worked like a charm .
these work well ,  they are easy to store .
i would strongly recommend this product ,  i don t regret my purchase at all .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
i prefer it ,  and have few problems with sound ,  pairing or the earpiece . i will likely order more .
these bag clips are really well worth buying !  they are well made and strong .
we follow the cleaning instructions from the website and it is very simple to keep looking new .
i used this several times over the last few weeks and it holds up well .
much better than my old shower curtain rings .
he said it worked fine and he likes it .
but both this one and num_extend are still going strong after several years of use .
this was pretty much exactly what i expected and what i wanted .
i know a lot of people are complaining about this set ,  but i actually like it .
used these headphones for one week and i am impressed .
you will be very pleased with this tool .
i m very impressed and will consider buying some as gifts in the future .
unless you get something motorized this is as good as i can imagine .
i have had this for about num_num weeks now and i love it .
i didn t realize just how big this is ,   totally my fault  ,  but it is a great pan .
as many other reviewers have said ,  these are nice solid mugs that are almost perfect .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
this product is very easy to clean after use  inside and out  .
turns out i was right and now i have this awesome smartphone that can pretty much do anything .
batteries work better than original and i get hours of continuous use .
this have been one of my most fav phone i ever had .
the blade is very sharp and has lasted a long time .
there are better knives out there ,  but this is a great compromise between price and quality .
i recommend this kit if you have broken screen ,  even if you only need the screen .
this is a really good protective case that protect the entire ipad .
i will be buying more from this company .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
and ,  as others have noted ,  the price is amazing .
i am very happy with the quality of this product .
these look nearly as good as they cut .
that s a nice feature because i prefer it face down . i recommend this product .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
i did extensive research before purchasing ,  and it was worth it .
we will be buying from this dealer again !  we love it !  .
this car adapter provides enough power for my phone .
i would recommend this for anyone who uses a mixer a lot .
there s a lot of positive reviews here ,  which is why i bought this one .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
i also listen to music through this device and it sounds great .
they worked like they said and were easy to use .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
for most small projects this frame will work very well .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
this size is just right for one or two people .
not much to say about this product but it works ,  it is not heavy but is durable .
purchased this product for my son who works in a loud environment and works out all the time .
this is much better and has been god for me so far .
i have literally dropped this phone from my roof  about num_num feet  and it still works like a charm .
these are so much easier ,  plus you can make eggs num_num different ways .
i liked the way that num_num of them hooked together .
i have nothing but great things to say about this purchase .
this charger with the extra battery is the best money i have spent on my phone .
these were a good investment and protected my phone from scratches .
this is the best thing i ve ever bought for my daughter .
this product is one that i find well worth the money .
this product makes it very easy and enjoyable to make pie crusts .
the sound quality seems very good and has good volume .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
and it takes about num_num seconds to froth the milk plus cleaning is extremely easy .
we have an oster  very old  and it is wonderful to find replacement parts .
i never change the screen protector on my phone and the screen still looks great .
i would still recommend this headset because the cons are far less than the pros .
this is simply the best knife i have ever used .
i am more than happy with this product .
the blade is very sharp and makes short work of the veggies .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
operation is fantastic and the microphone seems to work well .
my sister got this for a gift for my gf and i when we moved in together .
this bowl does go great with that set and everyones review is spot on about this bowl .
it made it s first pot of coffee this morning and it tastes great .
i ve had my little revere kettle for more than num_num years now ,  and it s still going strong .
it comes with a really great instruction book with recipes included .
it made for a very easy clean up also .
but this pan is what makes the biggest difference and is a great purchase .
i know at least num_num people who have the otterbox and are very pleased .
i ve had two of these for about three months and they are still like new ,  with daily use .
the item is as advertised and does the job well .
just started using this the other day and so far i m very pleased with this rotisserie .
they would have been worth the full price ,  but i sure love a bargain .
beautiful !  it has no odor and even makes your hands feel soft .
these hooks have enough give to them that they can handle quite a bit .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
i love how this looks in my kitchen and i am happy that i bought it .
i love ,  love love this product !  i ve order num_num thus far .
i have a good feeling i will be using this an aweful lot .
the only problem is that it is not hot pink ,  it s more purple than pink but it s still cute .
after num_num minutes on the stones ,  blade was  omg sharp  and a great pleasure to use .
i loved this pan the first time i used it .
i bought this and it was the best i have ever had .
i would rate this product worth at least $
you can do this sort of thing with ceiling fans and it seems to work .
this is without a doubt the best headset i have ever num_extend
so ,  it s nice having this there as a reminder . i also like that it s dishwasher safe .
this one is nice ,  and sturdier than the really cheap ones .
perfect coffee every time with this french press coffee maker .
i like the look and feel of this product .
i needed something that would bring the natural cool air in and it does the trick .
they still work great after num_num years . they were easy to install .
i believe it is this feature that provides the complete extraction of the juice from the fruit .
i ve had this blender for about num_num months now and have been very pleased .
i believe that this works just as well as the far more expensive oyster knives .
even though this is an older model ,  it is fun to use and works well .
i also like the fact that it has a replaceable tip .
overall i really like this one and have been using it ever since it arrived .
like what previous reviewers said ,  this product is really fantastic .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
it s a very good product and i am very pleased with this purchase .
i purchased this product for my daughter ,  and she liked it .
do that every time and you ll have it for another hundred years .
i would have preferred a more textured finish to give more grip but it is adequate .
this one product has made a huge difference in the ease of being in the kitchen .
these things have great distant too ,  about num_num feet or so .
i m glad i bought this ,  i needed something to hold all my flour and this works great .
i d recommend this product if you have this phone .
i also like how it expands to fit my phone even with the ottobox on it .
it will grind very fine and i would buy this product again .
have dropped my phone a couple of times and it is still in one piece and working .
the mediadevil screen protectors are a very high quality product and fit perfectly on my new iphone num_extend
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
we are still using this over a year later .
this is a great case for anyone who is hard on their phones .
the bowls feel lighter than other stainless bowls we have used .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
they re made in the usa and i support anchor hocking for that .
it still works really good and i have had no problem with it .
i could not have wished for better . good price and does what it should .
if this works ,  and i believe it will ,  it will be a godsend .
i really like the amount of heat and steam generated by this machine .
all i can say is that this cover is a great deal for the money .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
they re very well made out of heavy acrylic .
i have had them for a year and still love the look and haven t had one problem with them .
every time i use it i m amazed all over again .
i have a larger pan from this  family  and i love them both .
i also love the fact that the measurement markings on them are large enough to see easily .
it is huge !  !  !  exactly what i wanted !  !  !  i can fit more than num_num utensils on it @ a time .
i am very happy with them and so far have no rusting problems .
the pan is sturdy and the tin sides have had no issues with warping or buckling .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
for this price ,  it is really really cute .
i don t have this phone any more but the case was a great fit .
is it possible to be too picky ?  i think so . i highly recommend this product .
this product extends that trend !  the igeek num_extend powers everything i have fully and quickly .
we ve used it to can salmon fish and every single can came out sealed to perfection .
after a mishap with one board ,  i quickly received a replacement and it is great .
i have used them for over a year now and all of them are still working great !  .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
after that they worked great and lasted a year before i got a new phone .
it it is reliable ,  i would have been happy .
only time will tell !  for now ,  i am satisfied .
i bought this because of the kick stand .
it looks good in my bathroom ,  but it would look better if i had installed it correctly .
this product is a good buy for the price .
i would recommend this brand for this phone or any other phone they make them for .
i bought this a few years ago and use it often as i am a fan of raw garlic .
no that big of a deal . if you re a soup lover ,  i highly recommend this product !  .
i love the look and feel of this screen protector .
a few months ago i pulled it out again for fun and this time we got hooked .
very easy to use ,  you really cant go wrong with this .
nice visuals when using it as num_extend charging station .
for me ,  a person who doesn t need something like this all that much ,  this was just perfect .
bought this as a gift along with num_num matching scoops .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
this product is the first time that i found the ferfect size for our burners .
we have only had this a month but to date it is working very well .
and ,  i must say ,  this is the best juicer that we have ever owned .
they are holding up as well as i could have expected .
this is a very professional piece of equipment .
i ve used this knife for quite some time ,  and it s wonderful .
it could be they might even have some fun making waffles .
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
it is actually made better than i expected .
there is something about this that makes it actually fun to vacuum with .
it has a great camera that takes wonderful pictures .
so i thought this would help me and him .
this container is perfect for a num_num pound bag of sugar .
when the car is driving around town depending on the loudness of the road the sound quality is good .
have had ours now for over a year .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
i would highly recommend this sweeper to anyone .
i bought one of these six years ago from a local merchant .
i have an iphone num_extend that fits perfectly inside .
however ,  it is nice to have once in a while .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
it is much better than one i had that broke so hopefully it will last a long time .
this coffee maker is the best one that i have ever found .
you will not be disappointed with this tea maker .
as other reviewers have pointed out ,  the thin construction of this popper is the key to it s great results .
i am trying to move away from plastics in my kitchen ,  and this is good quality .
this will give your phone a full charge .
guess i ll have to order another one !  they said they are a great rosette set .
i feel confident that it would protect my phone well .
their customer service is great ,  and they sent me a replacement bottom piece .
this is exactly what i wanted at a price that i didn t mind paying .
it s nice to not worry about running out of power when out and about .
it works great as long as you only put about num_num cups of stuff into it .
i ordered this product for my daughter and she has enjoyed it very much .
this product looks to be of good build quality and it certainly does the job .
i ordered these without checking with the wife first ,  and she loves them !  they are standard ,  basic glasses .
i really love this stylus ,  due to i have bad arthritis ,  and is really easy to use .
just be aware of that and you will be happy with them .
this ice cream maker is awesome ,  i love it .
i recently purchased more and they are the same quality .
great product ,  you will not be disappointed with this set .
i suspect this was just a blip at the shipper ,  but i thought it was interesting .
i love these as much as one can love a set of measuring cups .
this is at a price point you really cant beat .
i bought this case for my verizon iphone num_num and it was great .
this product arrived on time ,  and in new conditions .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
this is one of the best coffee machines i have ever used .
i work with small pieces ,  and these were perfect for the job .
they are made of sturdy plastic and it s easy to read the measurements .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
other than that ,  they re great for flipping all kinds of meats and veggies !  .
other than that they are great and do the job .
i haven t tried it on potatoes yet ,  but expect it will do just fine .
the glass top is nice because it doesn t end up looking hazy like the plastic ones do .
always have a back up ,  came just in time as well .
this is my first attempt at bling .  . i love it .
i really like these so well that i ordered more .
once in place it works well and will protect your screen .
very satisfied with these but the price went up shortly after i got mine .
i like this band because my iphone sits well in the holder .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
the extra loop on the ear bud covers helps  lock  it into position .
i m glad i didn t go with it ,  because this one ,  for much less ,  is great .
i have used it four times now and just love it .
this one actually works well and charges my phone when i use the gps .
this was great ,  i didn t have to buy a new coffee maker .
this may not now be the best android phone ,  but they have worked out well for us .
i am happy i decided to spend the money on this item .
i am very satisfied with this fagor product and with amazon .
but most important ,  the cap when closed properly is completely airtight ,  which allows me to shake my drinks .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
we have had one of these for at least num_num yrs and it works great .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
i bought one last year and it s one of my favorite covers .
i will be buying this again for her .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
the num_num mp camera takes sharp pictures ,  and i was surprised at the quality of video capture .
i m glad i didn t go with it ,  because this one ,  for much less ,  is great .
still ,  that s such a minor thing ,  and these things are so insanely useful ,  it s a new favorite .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
what else can i say . i would recommend it to anyone .
all in all this case is worth the money .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
while the glass is heavier ,  i like that it is easier to clean than the plastic .
if i can find a place for the third i will be buying it again .
the price is right for this great product .
i dont see room for much improvement and love this grill just the way it is .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
it received pretty good reviews and the tone of each seemed to inspire confidence .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
i bought this after reading excellent reviews on america s test kitchen .
this fits nicely on our old verizon iphone num_extend
much better than the motorola num_extend that i also own .
this one is much sturdier and i think it will be the last one i have to buy .
these are really cute and i use them for my daughter s tea time that we do together .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
i m happy with this product because i saved money .
i would recommend this based on price alone .
so how do i like these ? for what they are ,  they work pretty well .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
it;s a lot easier than using your finger .
it fits my samsung galaxy num_extend phone beautifully .
this one works just as well and i expect it will last as long ,  too .
also ,  it s not dishwasher safe but super easy to clean .
i like many others don t use it for coffee but for spices and it s a champ .
not only are le creuset products beautiful ,  they are well designed and extremely durable .
this is an all around good value for your money .
first one was purchased over num_num years ago ,  and it still works .
it works well but is a little smaller than i had expected .
i ve bought another set of these this year rather than go that route . hope this helps !  .
have had perfect loaves every time ,  the unit is quiet ,  and i am very happy .
i love these cases just because they look really pretty .
i think this product is exactly what you see in the picture .
and i wrote this review for that particular purpose . this is also perfect for jogging or doing the treadmill .
these sound wonderful and i like they aren t  in ear  .
put it on the charger at night and you will have more than enough power all day .
it s well worth the price ,  this is one that you can pass down to the grand children .
i love this product and recommend it to anyone .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
not only do the carpets look fabulous ,  the attachment cleans our num_num stairs with ease .
they re bonded vertically all the way around which makes them very strong .
i could not decide which size to get but this num_num cup is a great size for us .
i use this ram mount with my iphone num_num and it works pretty good .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
there is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well .
at this price point ,  this is hands down the best coffee pot around .
and you can trust that when you buy wmf ,  it will last your lifetime and beyond ,  amazing products .
the cooker is so easy to clean that i can t imagine complaining about a wipe down of the counter .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
i was expecting a more baby pink and this is a clear pink .
very cute ,  and the sparkles seem to make it easier to grip .
i have tried several different film coverings for the iphone num_extend and this is by far the best .
you want the best ?  buy something like this and you will be happy .
i wish i had bought this earlier !  it is perfect size for the two of us .
well worth the money paid and then some .
i will definately look to order from this seller again .
this is the best and most useful knife i have ever owned .
i ve used it several times ,  washed each time ,  and it s still a nice circle .
i can t think of anything negative about it and i use it all the time . great product !  .
i bought this bread maker from amazon a couple of weeks ago and i am really pleased .
i have used this several times and it is a god send .
i ve used them all and find them to work properly .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
we have many different kinds of coffee makers and i really like the look of this one .
maybe our new pans will last for more than a couple of months .
at first ,  i was very impressed with this screen protector .
my first set is about num_num years old and looks as good as my num_extend set .
i made a cheesecake in my pressure cooker in num_num minutes ,  and this pan worked perfectly .
i have tried several different film coverings for the iphone num_extend and this is by far the best .
so that makes this a four star product but the price .
this is a product that you will never go without once you try it .
they love the fresh popped popcorn from this popper much more than the microwave popcorn .
this one is good stay away from the other .
i love not having to worry about my phone .
this thing works just as i hoped it would .
product works great ,  charges my htc desire quickly .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
for this price ,  all i wanted in quality and function have been more than satisfied .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
other than that ,  they are fab and i would buy them again .
it really helped in allowing me to charge more than one device .
fits my motorola atrx perfectly ,  even with otterbox defender case on it .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
i love the colors of the cases and how they reflected the light .
i really like them and they should last me a very long time .
my coffee making experience is better with this machine .
i d love to have one for the color choices ,  but like i said ,  mine is still like new !  .
i ve had this battery for about num_num weeks now ,  and so far ,  it is superior to the oem battery .
this flexible turner is exactly what i needed !  i wanted something that would slide under hot cookies easily .
they fit just like the oem ,  they come with a charger .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
it is a great case for the iphone num_extend and ,  in my opinion ,  worth more than the price .
i highly recommend this item if you like cappuccinos .
the quality of this fan is very sturdy and not cheap or flimsy plastic .
and that they are still working  !  i would definitely recommend this product to others .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
this product is perfect !  fits in the cd slot in both our num_num ford fusion and escape .
the build quality is superb and it stayed warm for more than an hour .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
another product that kept producing great tasting coffee .
would recommend as long as you know what you are getting  :   .
i bought this for a gift and had it sent to me first .
but it worth more than what i paid for it .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
i hosted a crab fest and these things were a great hit .
this product has really stepped up my game .
i ve tried several different fillings and all have turned out just perfect .
i even tried it on a nokia phone that is about a year old and it worked just fine .
the microphone is great ,  the sound quality from the headphones are great .
this pan is very well seasoned upon arrival .
the lids fit well for the first num_num years or num_extend
the predictive text seems to work better with the new update .
this pan is only num_num pounds .  .  .  .  . my parents say it is excellent .
i have several different ones that i use for stairs  great product .
i ve been searching for a stand for my iphone for a while and finally found it .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i also like the fact that we were given the back protector as well .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
my wife loves this thing  when the apples are hard ,  again  .
it looks and feels like one that will last many years .
i liked them because they are pretty much the perfect sizes needed for average kitchen mixing needs .
it just gives great flavor to the food not to mention the addition of beneficial iron .
i have never purchase anything like this and would highly recommend it to anyone .
i normally do not get excited about handles on cookware ,  but this one is a work of art .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
this little thing has got some serious grinding skills .
if you have an iphone num_extend this product is excellent for protection .
i think this product is great and i would recommend it .
i have to admit that i bought this toaster because i love its candy apple red color .
they were so right .  .  . it works like a real charm !  .
it s good when i need to have both batteries charging at the same time .
i like this one because it has a usb cord and you can just plug it in your computer .
so inexpensive and you get num_num pieces  nicely packaged num_extend
these work as well as any other screen protectors .
i haven t tried chopping nuts with this cutter ,  but think it would do a fantastic job .
love this one !  had two before ,  not even close to this one .
great timer ,  quality seems to be much better than the other brands i bought over the past few years .
i love a product that does the job and these do .
the thing i like best about this item is it is large .
i have owned my set for num_extend years and they are still in great shape .
i will recommend this product to everyone , you won t be sorry .
makes sense . over all ,  you won t be disappointed with this set .
i love this board ,  and may buy another one to set aside in case they stop making this one .
i got this item very quick and in perfect shape .
instillation was simple with out any need for step by step instructions . i would recommend for anyone .
the other thing that i really like about this charger is its versatility .
its is somewhat sturdy il will give your phone some protection because of the lip around the screen .
it s easy to clean and i would recommend this pot .
they definitely last longer than the ones that came with the phone .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
we use it most weekends to keep our coffee hot all day long .
i was amazed at how well these things work .
they do have a tendency to clank a bit loudly ,  but they are nice and smooth .
great time saver and well worth the money .
i have some other wilton tips ,  but these feel better made .
also had to buy a permanent filter for his and mine came with one !  definitely recommend this item !  .
i have seen much cheaper imitations of these at stores and have been very pleased with everyone of them .
i am so happy with this purchase !  i have an iphone num_extend which has a stinky battery life .
this is my favorite peeler and i now purchased a num_extend one .
but even with the tight fit ,  i still prefer it to not having it .
i have owned the num_extend for num_num years and it still continues to impress me .
for the time being ,  i am just very happy with what i have .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
the feed tube is just the right size to feed food to the blade .
i would recommend this product for what it is as well .
these are made very well and are very sturdy .
this is one of those products that will last the years .
in a world filled with junk products this is a winner !  nordic ware ,  thanks for another great quality product !  .
the old one lasted for about num_num years and was a great machine ,  this one is even better .
this toaster oven is much better than those of num_num years ago .
a cover of some sort will serve you well with this slicer .
i finally caved and bought this one and i m glad i did .
i noticed that some reviewers said this was a delicate item so i ve taken very good care of it .
if you lose more than num_num you are done . i am happy with this stand .
that said ,  this has produced some of the best espresso i ve ever had .
like others have said it s a great size for one or two people .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
we have used the product for num_num weeks ,  now and we are pleased with it .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
you have to read and follow the instructions very carefully .
this case is awesome !  i m buying another one .
i recommend this cable to anyone that is looking for a flat cable .
haven t been able to use them much yet but love them so far .
i ordered num_num of these num_extend fans and boy are they big !  they work incredibly well .
they are perfect !  i took away my num_num star review after trying to steam my new dust ruffle .
the packaging could have been better ,  but it worked for this time .
it suits what i need when i need to see things in a hurry without going to the internet .
however ,  it is better than most other popcorn poppers i have owned .
after about another three ,  i just put on another one from the packet and we re good as new .
but it is worth the money just to play with .
give it a try it s easy and you can t get coffee any fresher than this .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
the screen is very responsive and the buttons do not have any lag nor need to be pressed hard .
i think they will last for a while and are a good value .
the tea is good and so far  less than num_num weeks  it functions well .
this is a well made knife and looks and feels it .
because it s made of glass ,  and it will break . i recommend this baster to others .
i love this along with my pink charging boxthis product does it s job no problemslove it would recommend it .
it took a while ,  but i finally found a dish set i love .
i like this case and it will protect my iphone well .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
charging it is easy to do and doesn t take long ,  either . in sum ,  i m very satisfied with this device .
the handle design is especially nice ,  and the blade is long enough to be meaningful .
i have had the coffee maker for about num_num weeks and am very pleased with it .
very handy to have a charger in the car that will allow you to charge two phones at once .
i am pleased with the knives ,  could not care less about the box .
i have owned my num_extend for three years and i still love it !  the antenae and reception are excellent .
nothing else would have been so easy to cook in and so easy to clean .
the sound quality is great ,  and the ability to mute the mic is the main reason i bought this .
the glass is a bit heavier than i would have expected ,  which i think is a good thing .
its awesome and should last a long time .
take care of this machine and it will take care of you .
they work fine and the pepper mill keeps on working .
do not spend money buying other brands ,  these are the best pans in the market .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
i ve had these for about num_num weeks and have been quite pleased with them .
other than that ,  i like it just fine .
i especially like the height and width  narrower than most stainless steel bowls .   .
the num_extend disc is very well made ,  like all the others .
i am very happy with this set of num_num bowls .
i thought this case would be perfect for me .
i have used this pan more than i thought i would and love the lid .
you will love the freedom that this power cable gives you because iti is num_num foot long .
this does the job of grinders that cost more than double .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
this is just what i need ,  and what i was looking for .
it was nice that it came with extra screen protectors too .
i have used this roaster several times and it works time after time .
i have no problem with that and i m very happy with the case .
i could have just changed blades but doing it this way is faster .
that seems to make the best coffee if i want flavored coffee  .
good shipping and good quality of sound  if you think about the price  .
this machine is well designed and works very well .
this one is good stay away from the other .
cleanup is easy ,  and the quality seems like it will last for a long time .
so far this product has lived up to my expectations .
i just love this jugs !  what keeps it from being a num_num star is the airtight lid .
it looks good and has been around since the num_extend
i have several speaker stands in different rooms ,  and these are the best .
now i use this product and am very happy with it .
easy to use and easy clean up !  can t ask for much more than that .
it s a very good buy in this price .
we ve thrown a lot at it ,  but its quality construction is holding up really well .
this product allows you to do that again .
i am very pleased with this can opener .
its nice black leather with a magnet closer that actually works .
i have had it about num_num months and it works great .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
there are lots of options in this price range .
and i love the phone even more with this razor thin case .
it works with all my other equipment also .
i use back in the num_extend when going to college and easy to use and easy to keep clean .
first use ! this is a great pan at a very good price .
i bought this case num_num months ago ,  and still in good condition .
this one is easier for me to use and looks nice in my kitchen .
i bought this one for my so for christmas because he was so impressed with my anker num_extend
this thing seems to get mixed reviews ,  but i love mine .
it comes with so many options and can also be put in the oven without leaving the door open .
these tongs are great !  i have used them much more than i expected .
the battery life is really good and is up to num_num hours .
goes great with the bread knife made by the same company .
this is the only armband i have found that fits the phone without having to take off the case .
it matches my faucet and other products from this company .
i love this case and would definitely recommend it !  .
have been meaning to write a review on this product; it is that good .
works plenty good . i would agree with other reviewers that there is a tiny bit of technique .
i really enjoyed my case because it protected my phone very good and that is something i need .
we have been very satisfied with this product ,  enough to order a second time .
i was very pleased with the performance of this griddle .
gave one to my sister and one to a friend because it just works so well .
i bought them from amazon as the seller so i think they are real .
but other than that ,  i love this thing .
this is a great container to keep bacon in .
i love this thing that i have two of them .
i know lots of people write this in their review ,  but it s really true for me .
they are still beautiful ,  and i love them .
i love this board ,  and may buy another one to set aside in case they stop making this one .
it s made in the usa and the company really does stand behind their product .
i got one of these as a gift about num_num years ago .
one thing i like about samsung phones is that they are often light .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
this is the only armband i have found that fits the phone without having to take off the case .
one of the best purchases i ve ever made .
this product would make a very nice gift and is in a reasonable price range .
this is also a great way to have some safe fun with children .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
cable works perfectly fine it is about num_extend long .
i have an num_extend in a gel skin case and this case fit my phone perfectly .
on the recommendation of a friend and after reading thru reviews we bought this unit .
best quality ever from a screensaver that i have ever used on any cell phone .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
works great ,  fit just fine ,  and tools were a plus .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
this is an all around good value for your money .
not to happy about that but it s too late i really love this phone .
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great .
i am totally impressed with this !  so much better than i expected .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
i like them because i can hang things with these magnet that your typical magnet can t .
we have had this wine cork puller for num_num years ,  and it is still going strong .
it didn t fit exactly the way i thought it would but it still works .
the great thing about them is that they re color coded and convenient .
this is a good deal for the money ,  as it is capable of more than simply blending .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
this case is better than the $ case i used before .
it s nice that they were so thoughtful ,  and the case is decently designed .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
all in all ,  i am very happy with this carafe .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
i got this iron after researching lots of products and reading countless reviews .
it keeps the tea very hot for long time .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
a three minute egg took num_num minutes with my old poacher but this one is spot on .
i really like this screen protector for my iphone num_extend
i would buy this product again and suggest it to my friends .
it was a gift and what a gift !  !  ! this thing gets near daily usage in my house .
this pan should work great in our large big green egg .
and this little maker works great and also works fast she just loves it !  !  .
i would rather have smaller holes or none at all ,  but so far ,  so good .
i have been using my bialetti at home for many years and love it .
i bought this percolator based on reviews here and price .
they should make one of these in a nice wood .
i have to say it was even more impressive than the description .
i love it . i ve had android tablets ,  and i really find this one easier to use .
the sound quality is great coming in and going out .
these are the best screen protectors i have used ,  and i ve tried them all . there are num_num layers to these .
the coffee is excellent ,  and after num_num months i ve not had one complaint or problem with this machine .
both work very well . i have had my blurex case for roughly num_num months now .
this is by far the best iphone charger i have ever used .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
i purchased these less than a month ago and they are working well so far .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
i have heard great things about this zester and decided to give it a try .
i have been pleasantly surprised at how well this still holds a charge after all this time .
many other reviewers have done an excellent job with tips on use and care .
this product is a good example of the classic quality i always expect from them .
sometimes ,  it s worth a little more to get the best ,  and these are the best .
this is the first phone holder i ve found that actually is designed to fit a slim phone .
it nice the be able to charge num_num phones .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
this case will protect your phone fropm drops very well and does not add too much bulk .
i will definitely be putting this to use ,  seems to be just about the right size for my needs .
as other reviewers have noted ,  the walls of the bowl are thick and strong ,  and it is beautifully made .
hope this helps you in trying to figure out what you want .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
i am super happy with the purchase and recommend them for other people .
i would definitely buy these again if i needed another set .
shell case goes into the holster and i find that genius ,  very well protected .
well worth the money . i got it in num_num days even using the super saver shipping .
it fits perfectly ,  and i feel it protects the phone better than any other case .
the product was exactly what i ordered ,  i would recommend this item .
best of all ,  the opening is large enough so i can reach my hand in to clean them .
i am very pleased with this case and i would definitely buy more in every color num_extend
they fit my hands better than my old one does .
i bought this product directly from amzer and received it this week .
i am looking forward to using this blade next salmon season .
i have used the zagg shields on num_num different phones and love it .
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
these sheets have served us well for the past four years .
it fits and looks like they were made for each other .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
it was a good case for the money ,  i would recommend this case .
i am pleased with this grill even though it cannot replace the jennair cooktop grill .
i like that there are different lengths of this whisk .
pretty fast charging ,  actually ,  when plugged into the wall .
i have had this cuisinart for about num_num years now ,  and it is still going strong .
i bought one num_num months ago and it s still working great so i just ordered in the second one .
there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them .
frothy milk makes even standard coffee taste like a treat .
this has been a great steamer and is very good quality .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
love this little spritzer !  i ve been using this misto to spray olive oil in my stainless steel pans .
this product does exactly what it says it can do .
they are very heavy and very well made .
i like it so much i just replaced my old num_num inch non stick frypan with this .
we re pretty sure this is the best one out there and would highly recommend it .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
recommend this item for anyone who bakes routinely .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
i am more than happy with this product .
this product was highly recommended by cooks illustrated .
they are dependable ,  this is my fifth and they have all worked very well with no problems .
i bought this one ,  took it home and have used it at least twice a week ever since .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i would order it again as a gift .
i bought these to use with our fire pit and for the most part am very pleased with them .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
this product was completely worth the money spent !  .
good to have a few extra of these lying around the house if you have any apple products .
we used it for the first time last night ,  and it worked well .
bought for my son almost num_num months ago and it still looks like new .
when it arrived ,  it s a little smaller than i expected ,  but it s working perfectly .
not only that ,  it comes with a compact charging case .
not only this is better than any other grater i have ever owned .
they are very tight and i like them very much .
have only used this once so far ,  but so far it seems to work pretty good .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
i love how it is open on the bottom to keep the food from clumping up .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
i like this item better than other burger presses that i have used .
i will update this if the charger stops working but its great so far .
sound quality is very good for a dock this size and in this price range .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
this coffee grinder is both efficient and economical for those of you who ,  like me ,  enjoy your coffee .
they are still as sharp as the day i purchased them and they cut through anything .
but i think it will hold up well over time .
would recommend anyone to buy this product as it has kept my galaxy tab very protected .
i ve had this for quite some time and use it often .
i purchased this product months ago and love it for making chili in the oven .
i really didn t know what to expect but this product works great .
best sounding earbuds for this price i have ever seen .
the plastic even has a small nick and it still hold up .
if you need this kind of holder ,  i d recommend you give this one a serious look .
i highly recommend this product; you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
as the other reviewers have said this thing does do a great job making hot coco .
my num_num year old mother loves this case .
if you bake a lot of pies this is a must have in your kitchen .
there is nothing flashy about it at all ,  but it does work well .
the product is fine ,  sturdy and large enough for the rubbernaid large dish drainer .
my best headset is the one that came with my apple iphone num_extend
so buyer beware ,  but this is a good one .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
this item is as described and works well .
for a few $ this little device works just great ,  charging them in under an hour .
this one i bought from amazon is a gift for someone in my family .
expectations were low but you know ,  this thing really does work .
when i needed new ones i decided to look on amazon and found this great set of num_num glasses .
recommend this to anyone who has a iphone .
it made absolutely fantastic espresso until it stopped working .
the more quiet your car is ,  the better this product will work for you .
i would have given it a num_num or num_num for that reason ,  but customer service was fantastic .
have had this knife for about a month now and it does it s job to perfection .
this really should have come with the phone ,  but since it didn t ,  this is a good buy .
i bought this for my my wife s iphone num_num and fits ok and very sturdy .
this is the best num_extend pan i have every owned .
i love this product !  works perfect for my iphone num_extend
thus far we are very happy with this unit .
i would recommend this particular skillet to anyone interested in cast iron .
this is such a great pan for omlets because of the sloped sides that allow you to slide underneath .
i just bought this one again as a gift for my num_extend
skeptical because of the cost ,  but pleased with sound quality and performance .
it took a while to get the hang of this ,  but now that i do ,  i love it .
i love this tool i purchased from amazon .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
bought this because it was recommended as the best value for the money on america s test kitchen .
i added this little gem to my wish list after reading all the other rave reviews .
it will also last longer than other brands .
i m sure this one is good as well .
they have worked great on all of the products .
very pleased and would recommend it to my friends .
the only complaint i have is that the inner layer attracts dust but other than that ,  perfect .
wanted a different color than black and i love it .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i ve had this product since num_num and it s still working great .
this means that they re intriguing on the used market .
i ve even dropped it on the floor a few times and it is still functioning .
i would buy this again and would recommend it to a friend .
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
i am happy they have the lip to keep from spill overs .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
really looking forward to making candies and fondues in this .
i bought this set of knives about num_num years ago and they have been great knives .
we only cook for num_num in our house ,  so this size is perfect .
i have these wilton angled spatulas in both smaller and num_extend size and just love them .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
its very good to use in a small office room  like a num_num num_extend or num_num sq ft  .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
i bought this to replace it . it s been a huge hit in our house .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i have been using mine for months now and it is still working great .
this product got me out of a bind more than once .
i like the phone a lot and it worked very well for me the first couple of weeks .
if this device could act as a ppt slidepresenter too it would make it even more perfect .
other than that i think that it is great .
i have used this case for over num_num months now and really like it .
it makes excellent popcorn and leaves very few unpopped kernels .
this is the best deal you could get for num_num bucks !  .
this is thin and fine ,  and sharp as they come .
i have never gotten this great of service from a seller before .
the quality of this oven exceeded my expectations ,  and my expectations were high .
i have been using it for num_num weeks and am incredibly satisfied with this purchase .
i have purchased others that did not meet my expectations but this one was just perfect !  .
and it s only one a few of them and this set comes with a ton .
i am looking forward to making some great holiday cookies .
i have the num_num piece set of this product  ,  its a gem .
it worked well right from the start and is still working well several weeks after installation .
they are sturdy and easy to work with .
this headset is small ,  light and has good sound quality .
but other than that ,  this item works great .
heats quickly and is great for making a quick bowl of noodles or something like that .
we received this as a wedding gift nearly num_num years ago and are still using it today .
my fiance loves this product for in his work van .
they loved the way it breaks down for cleaning and how well it performed .
other than that ,  we really like this case .
i believe the price is now $ but still a very good value .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
i bought this to use with my iphone when i workout and it works flawlessly .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
i ve had this about a month and use it often .
bought this for my son s phone ,  he loves it and it looks great .
i would recommend this for people any day .
i highly recommend this unit and i think you will agree with me when you buy it .
this grater is great to have for quick grating of things that are small .
i m very happy with this purchase so far .
this is absolutely the best coffee i have tasted .
this one is nice looking ,  quick ,  and makes great tasting coffee .
i still have this and i still really love it .
i have been buying these for year because they are so handy and easy to use .
great protection with this case ,  but when you put it on it catches on the screen protector .
from the first moment i made the first cup  which was num_num months ago  til now ,  it works perfectly .
i am so happy with my purchase ,  and will definitely be using this pan again .
i will buy stronger tools from now on ,  i am that impressed with them .
i like is so much ,  i just bought another one for my mom .
this is great !  !  we ve used the pan about num_num times since getting it ,  and there are no issues .
i bought two of these num_num or num_num years ago ,  and both still work perfectly .
they re such great pans i can easily use them everyday and not just for freezing dinners .
yes ,  these are fabulous and even have a little can they come in ,  neatly stacked .
although i have only had it for a month ,  i strongly believe i will enjoy it for many years .
they only thing is that it is hard to get off sometimes but other than that i love it .
and there are just enough for their whole family .
i m so happy to have found this item .
i definately would buy again from this seller .
would i purchase it again for a gift yes ,  do i recommend it ,  absolutely yes .
i have it for num_num months now ,  used it everyday and am very happy with it .
i am very happy with this pasta drying rack .
they looked great and held up pretty good considering we used them a lot .
it is very handy to be able to use a bag and just throw it away .
no need to spend a lot on screen protectors ,  these work just fine once you get them on .
after three days of owning this vacuum ,  i would say that i am very happy with it so far .
the bottom shape is a little different from others :  flatter ,  making it more useful in practice .
it s absolutely everything you would expect out of a good quality screen protector .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
the sleek travel mug that comes with it is a bonus .
this hoover steanvac is as good or better than anything i ve ever used before .
other than that ,  highly recommended and very very pretty .
this mixer does the job ,  and handles these with no problems .
this is a very small thermometer and came with a nice cover for it .
this juicer does everything i want it to do .
will be buying these again once i use these up .
also ,  i was not aware that there was bees on it ,  but overall the case is nice .
we have had num_num of these now for the past year and they are holding up great .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
this is a pretty great spice grinder for the price .
it works great !  i have been using it for a week or so now and am quite pleased .
i just wanted to share this find and let everybody know that this battery does deliver its promise .
i saw it got some good reviews so i thought i would give it a shot .
just the right size for us and use it more than any other that i have .
you can believe the description of this product .
very strong glass like you would expect from pyrex ,  i make tea in it too .
i saw this peeler recommended about num_num years ago ,  and got one .
there s a reason this particular model is so popular .
this is perfect for those touch up jobs on clothes that need the extra flattening .
our num_num year old loves it to make his own grillers with this .
overall i would totally recommend this case to any iphone num_extend owner .
i have had sooooo much fun with these .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
i feel like this product will last forever !  .
this pitcher is the finest pitcher i have ever seen .
i will keep buying more of this brand .
putting the iphone to charge is also very easy and they have given adapters for num_extend and num_extend
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived .
this product is very easy to use and easy to keep clean .
we have had it for num_num years ,  and it is going strong .
got this when they had it for $ must have been a special .
i really think oxo fit the nail on the head with this one .
i purchased num_extend num_num for each car and they work great .
the size is perfect and holds more than what you d probably anticipate from the picture .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
thank you !  i absolutely love this product !  i couldn t be happier with this bluetooth .
i love this ,  i bought num_num of these .
i use this on my desk at work and it works well .
just take it out about an hour before you plan to drink it and enjoy .
will continue to get this one in the future .
yes ,  it makes that much of a difference .
we love the fact that this machine is sturdy and makes great coffee .
it came with a charge on it ,  and my phone started up right away .
this is just like the one that came with the mixer and it s great .
no complaints yet ,  it s also a very good deal compared to other cheap cases out there .
i have own two other cases ,  this one is best by far .
it is very handy to be able to use a bag and just throw it away .
i ve owned this for two and a half years now .
i see now why people like them so much .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
very convenient and would recommend anyone buying this .
worked like a charm and just the right size for the dinner .
despite all this the mount does work as well .
i think this product would do the job !  .
true test will be to see how well they hold up but they arrived very sharp .
this thing will almost fit in your wallet .
i recommend this kit if you have broken screen ,  even if you only need the screen .
i will probably have to hone the blade later on but it looks easy to do .
i am very happy with this particular thermometer .
my wife and i really like this pizza pan .
super sturdy stainless build will probably last a very long time .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
as many other reviewers have said ,  these are nice solid mugs that are almost perfect .
if you are looking for a good and cheap aux cable this is a good option .
contacted amazon and they took care of everything very fast .
i ve owned a few motorola products and this one delivers just like the rest .
this is the best case around for the iphone num_extend
they were very easy for me to find while i was running once i got use to them .
it s durable and stays on as it has two pieces that click together to cover front and back .
and i am still extremely happy with the ease of use and the performance of this product .
i decided to find my own ,  and was delighted to find this one for a great price on amazon .
i have had mine for num_num years and love it .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
for the price ,  they re still in good shape ,  even though i ve had them a few yrs .
it s always nice being able to charge my phone ,  no matter what car i m in .
i would recommend this to anyone who loves belgian waffles .
i like the fact that it comes with num_num different sizes .
this product does exactly what it says it can do .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
this have been one of my most fav phone i ever had .
i liked this product so much ,  i ordered a second one .
other than that ,  this is a really cool looking case .
looking forward to tasting it after it ages .
always very skeptical purchasing generic chargers but this item is great .
this pan is great because it is large but it is extremely light and absolutely nonstick .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i would buy this product again and prefer it over a cuisinart .
first pastry bag that i have owned but it seems like a very good bag .
going on num_num years now with this great set !  .
i have used this salad spinner for about num_num years and really like it .
the most important thing to me was that the sound quality be good for music play .
i have purchased several holders for my car ,  this is by far the best .
i have a motorola num_extend that i recently ordered and these worked on it like a charm .
whoever conceived this product must be a genius .
super robust ,  not cheap feeling and it looks like it will last me for quite a while !  .
i really like this product and would order again .
this is exactly what i was looking for and arrived on time .
i would definitely buy more from this company .
i would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone .
i did early yesterday evening and it seems to make a big difference .
i would suggest it to anyone who has a food saver system .
i love the color ,  happy that it came in something other than plain old black !  .
for the price and shipping ,  i would recommend this product .
i bought them when they were the black friday deal for $ and they are well worth the cost .
this knife with just a few others are sufficient for anyone who loves to cook at home .
this battery is much better than the stock one .
we ve used it num_num times already and each time it s a breeze to use and clean .
the touch screen is accurate and responsive ,  and very intuitive to use .
this is a well thouht out design and from other reviewers is a coffee maker built to last .
around num_num minutes later you have a truly amazing ingredient .
we also find it is pretty easy to clean which we do after every use .
i have used the tupperware ones before and i actually like this one better .
it is very eye catching and i have received a lot of inquiries about where i purchased it .
this one is good stay away from the other .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
this thing is the best tool i have ever used .
i couldn t be more pleased with the product and the customer service .
it took me a while to figure everything out but it was worthy .
so far i have not had a problem with it . i strongly recommend this holster .
this thing is handling all num_num sq ft very well in my opinion .
i have owned and loved nokia phones forever it seems .
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
i like the feel of this the most .
i love this phone cause i have at least num_num people a day say they love my case .
you may not always bring your camera with you ,  but you will always have your phone with you .
as far as performance ,  this item does exactly what i want it to do .
i have had this coffee pot for about num_num years now and love the way it works .
after num_num weeks of use ,  we are very happy .
very well made ,  looks great ,  very happy with this wash board .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
this is a nice little heater for what i paid $ but would not pay more than that .
the length was great and having it in num_num pieces gave me more options for placement .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
this one is good stay away from the other .
not very often a product that is this good can be found anymore .
almost a year later and all three are as sharp as they were when i received them .
this does a pretty good job opening them .
the quality is good ,  better than walmart ,  so i am upgrading to num_num stars .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
a bit pricey but hope that they will last a long time .
i also like the fact that they come in a veritable rainbow of choices in terms of colors .
bought this because i have kids and thought they would enjoy the shapes .
this press is cheap ,  easy to clean , and works well .
when i received this i used it to bake a meatloaf . worked great !  it s very easy to clean .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
i have really enjoyed using this product everyday .
i bought this for my daughters num_extend and it seems to work good ,  her num_extend player isn t broke .
its very small and very comfortable to wear .
great little machine so far ! update :  i have had this machine for a year now and use it daily .
this bread maker is incredibly easy to use .
this case cost me less than $ and it was well worth it .
this item has proven to distribute heat evenly when i bake meatloaf into it .
this batter holds the full charge very well .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
we have been storing food in glass jars and this is the way to do it .
they are machine washable and fit fine even after being thrown in the dryer .
as you would expect from oxo ,  it s very well made .
i love these pens and am using them with my kindle fire hd .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
extremely good quality and i love the extra nice packaging .
i would definitely recommend this product ,  as you get a good product for a great price !  .
i love this and i was so surprised that this is used for so many other things .
i am happy with this cast iron skillet .
havn t found this case for anywhere close to this price .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
the cases are so pretty ,  would order again .
looks brand new after a wipe down with damp cloth .
i chose this one because of the top reviews .
this blender works very well ,  doing everything we need out of a blender .
it is made out of a hard plastic and it fits perfectly .
my mother has had this product for about num_num year and she said she loves it .
i love them they go with almost anything that you may have .
size , its come at a good time . i will be buying more .
works great with my nokia num_num and with my computer that has bluetooth built in .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
because this is just a piece of plastic ,  i just trimmed it to fit perfectly .
i have had it over a year and it still works which is a big plus these days .
i ve even burned muffins and it s still just as easy to clean . i d highly recommend this product .
a very good high end product that is built well with an excellent motor .
sometimes it fits well and other times a top piece keeps popping off .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i really like it and it comes with everything in the picture but there are a few num_extend
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
i really like that they fit into the ear instead of just hanging on my ear .
i have had no problems with it and it works great .
i like them because they do look nice and polished .
i bought this on sale and was pleased to see that it works .
this is soo cool ,  gona order a couple more !  !  .
we have had this for a few weeks now ,  and works well .
they look good and are now at ear level .
this is one of those things that does what it says .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
my husband finds it very useful when making espresso for more than num_num people .
this screen protector is hands down the best i ve ever used .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
this is a very good set of tongs that is reasonably priced .
this num_extend pen is honestly the best pen i had tried .
this is one of the few things that actually make life easier .
this basket filter is a standard size and works well with the regular coffee makers .
the product was exactly what i needed and was delivered promptly .
looks dorky but people seem to like it and compliment me on it .
this keeps my phone charged so much longer then my old battery .
have had this about num_num mos and it still is my favorite  out of num_extend
i also like that it doesn t take up a lot of counter space .
overall these seem to be of good quality .
we have been very satisfied with this product ,  enough to order a second time .
i love this turner !  well worth the money spent !  .
i have had this for about a year and it still works perfectly .
i purchased this set to help me with my cake decorating .
they did a good job ,  but i wanted to make loaves that would work better for sandwiches .
i am looking forward to using this appliance .
i loved this case for my iphone num_extend
i am pleased with this dual charger that i ordered .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
just what i needed !  !  i never turn off my phone so this extra battery has come in handy .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
i have dropped my phone a few times and it has protected nicely .
i ve had them for years now and they re just great .
it is much better than one i had that broke so hopefully it will last a long time .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
great product for a great price ,  not like other cheap products .
i use kirkland brand soy milk and it works more than great .
i recently received this product and it fits the blackberry bold very well .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
that being said ,  i gave this one a go and i m very ,  very happy with the results .
i took a chance and ordered this flair .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
i bought this because it was a good price for a thermal coffee pot .
since then ,  after getting my money back i bought one of these babies and it is still going strong .
i have been using these for about a year and they still are just like new .
i have bought these for both my wife and myself .
i think this is just par for the course with these supplemental batteries . this is a good product .
you can pay a lot for other products but this one does the job just fine .
this is really what i have needed for years .
other than that i really like this product .
i am very pleased with this item would buy again from this seller too .
i still have one from two decades ago but it was time to replace with a fresh look .
this tool is helpful moving the pan from the stove to the cutting board as well .
i purchased this plantronics savi num_num wireless headset and am very pleased .
i thought these would add a personal touch and they did not disappoint . more like understated elegance .
i have used this pan num_num times and both times the cakes have came out great .
i really like this case so far ,  but i m a little worried about the quality .
it looks and works just like to apple version that came with the ipad .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
lightning fast shipping and the product was exactly as described .
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
this speaker works great with the iphone num_extend
very simple ,  fits the phone and has enough grip that makes the phone easy to hold .
very good quality mug that will last a long time .
i upgraded to an iphone num_num and that phone still fits in this cover .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i like this case because it is a cute design and fits snugly on my phone .
i have had this machine for about num_num days and i am thrilled with it .
this spatula has a blade that thins out to a very flexible edge .
i have had this cheap little kettle for more than num_num years and it still works great .
the first time i saw this i fell in love with the color of the usb cable .
i love this bluetooth the more and more that i use it ! it is completely comfortable to me .
i love this food processor because it is a smaller size .
came within num_num weeks and it works great !  couldnt be happier and im going to buy another one !  .
it is very sturdy and very heavy and it will most likely last for years and years of use .
based on other reviews ,  i purchased from cellular num_num star ,  and i was very pleased .
looks like this guy put his name on a winner that will also last a while .
it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price .
this is an excellent product that i d highly recommend to anyone .
i have nothing but good things to say about this cleaner .
i have been trying more and more oxo products ,  and was pleased to find the can opener .
this one is the biggest one out of the three that i already have .
as with other chicago cutlery knives etc ,  this steel does the job .
this is a quality product that was designed and manufactured by some smart people .
i love all oxo products and even more so since the experience with their customer service .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
i also read some good reviews on it .
i would definitely order from this company again .
this is my first deep fryer and i m very pleased with this product .
but for me it was a low cost charger and works perfect with my samsung num_extend
this is is probably the best cell phone holster that i have purchased .
i like that a lot !  very thick pottery .
both work very well . i have had my blurex case for roughly num_num months now .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
there is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well .
i ve had this product for over num_num years now and i still love it .
you do have the option to upgrade to a custom fit earmold directly from the manufacturer .
and this one work very well and cheap .
i bought this for my husband for his gps and i m glad i did .
this is my third speck iphone case ,  and they have all been great .
i would easily say that it works better than the oem battery that came with the phone .
very easy to use and same quality as the verizon ones too .
i would recommend this product if you like making your own rolls .
bought this as a gift to thank a friend of mine back in aug .
i m better able to track what i have using this easy storage basket .
i would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them .
while this car charger may be more expensive than some of the alternatives you re looking at ,  it s also better .
if space is limited ,  this wine rack works great !  iall the other reviews sold me on it .
however ,  this being said ,  it works very well if used with care .
it is definitely a lot better than the motorola roadster i just returned .
salmon steaks and regular steaks take less than num_num minutes and taste fantastic .
purchased this item as christmas present for wife .
i like this knife so much i have bought several .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
i know that there isn t much to a milk frother ,  but this one is much more durable .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
great price and the shipping took num_num days .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
totally recommend this product for charging phones and ipods .
my counter top has stayed so much cleaner since i started using this .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
easier to cut very thin slices ,  but i am mostly satisfied with its performance .
so far ,  this one works like a charm and it s been num_num weeks !  !  .
they fit our i phones num_extend like a glove .
sometimes its the small things in life and that is definitely try with this product .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
til then num_num stars very well describes the quality and worth of this product .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
i would highly recommend this for great protection .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
i thought this was a good buy for the money i paid .
this measuring cup lives up to the quality i expect from pyrex .
i ve had these headphones for the last two years and they have been great .
i would recommend this product versus buying a $ pack from the cell phone stores .
other than that ,  it goes easily in and out of pockets ,  so i d definitely recommend this product .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
i love this product and was a great price .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i will order more of this in the future .
i loved this pan the first time i used it .
i ve been using the brewmaster for about num_num months now and i love it .
the product was easy to install and had well written instructions .
i have purchase many other cases and this one is the best yet .
it arrived on time and once again amazon had the best price available either online or in area stores .
this is a nice case ,  i had to return it ,  while is durable ,  it is just bigger than expected .
i have arthritis in my hands and find these are quite comfortable to use .
i was impressed with this little red guy .
they will most likely work out within a few days . i suggest buying this product .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
this charger is amazing ,  but if you want a charger that holds even more ,  go for the icarrier .
they are better than the more expensive protectors that i ve used in the past .
i like to cook ,  thought it would be fun to make pasta at home .
i bought this and have used it since day one that i had my evo .
overall i am happy with it for the price i paid .
the handles feel nice in the hand when pressure is applied .
i agree with what some others have said .
this charger works wonderful !  i have had no problems out of it and it serves the purpose .
this was actually bigger than we thought it would be .
it takes about num_num minutes for the full pot to brew ,  and the results are consistent .
easy !  another thing i like about this juicer is how quiet it is .
i also like the fact that it is small but still does the job .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
i have bought anker batteries for my samsung s num_extend and num_extend before and they all performed great .
we have been using it on a regular basis since we bought it .
love this product ,  just wish i had purchased a larger capacity machine .
this product does what it is designed to do .
i bought this for my daughter for a few bucks and people are always asking about it .
this pan should work great in our large big green egg .
i ve got num_num sets of these and i love them .
i purchased this item over num_num years ago ,  and it is still great .
it appears that sanus is proud of what they do and wants you to be pleased with their products .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i liked them so much i ordered three more sets for myself and i now have service for num_extend
my daughter ordered these for her iphone and she loves them .
first off ,  i want to say that i love this case .
it is partially plastic ,  but still in good shape after several months .
i have been using this charger since i got it and it has saved me many times .
i made my first batch a couple weeks after the holidays and was well pleased .
we are very happy with this model and enjoy the modern look so perfect for a city environment .
i can t say enough good things about this product .
i only have problems with static when the humidity is too low ,  but have found this easy to overcome .
it worked out great !  will recommend this to anyone !  .
i have two other sizes of this scoop and i love them all .
i got my juicer last week and have used it every day since .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i ve had mine for about num_num months now and it has held up fine .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
one of them is about num_num years old and still works like a champ .
it takes about num_num seconds to grate what i need and easy to clean .
i ve had my popper about num_num years rightn now ,  and this thing still works great .
there is nothing like a homemade angel food cake !  this is the perfect pan .
i ve played with it and the sound quality is really good .
i collect lodge cast iron cookware and was thrilled to see this pot sold here at a reasonable price .
this is one of the best buys that i have ever made on the internet .
i had a project with the iphone num_extend due and this thing saved my life .
i bought one of these november num_num and it is still working fine .
i haven t had a chance to use this rack yetbut am very pleased with the design .
it is sturdy and should be able to withstand a tip over .
works so much better than a regular whisk when making gravy or stirring roux .
overall i like these headphones so far ,  though i ve only had them two days .
if you are looking for something that is fast ,  this is very helpful to have in the kitchen .
happy i purchased this and it does what i need it to do .
overall ,  i would definitely purchase again and i recommend this product .
this one does it well ,  with ease and stays clean .
i also like that they have a case and are compact .
so ,  i read the amazon reviews on this fan and it seemed worth a shot .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
have used this product several times in the past and have been pleased every time .
i have a pink cover on my samsung phone and they match .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
this item fits well ,  and like advertised ,  has a solid kickstand .
i have purchased num_num of these plates and am very happy with all of them .
all in all ,  however ,  a very good purchase .
i am really excited to give this to her because i know that she will love it !  .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
and i still like it !  previous review :  i bought my first in num_extend
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
i have also acquired a lot of pre made ones that have a wide range of sizes and shapes .
quick ,  easy ,  and oh so good chicken among so many other fried goodies .
these are very small and cute for a little cookie .
even after num_num hours the coffee is still warm enough to drink .
this is a very nice case for the iphone num_num at a very good price .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
i ve been using these albums for years and i really like them .
we have been using this griddle for about a month now and love it .
not very creative ,  but i really like this case .
this device paired right away with my motorola num_extend
for those that like to pound meat ,  this is the one that gets the job done every time .
i am very happy with this purchase so much i bought another one .
as with many other reviewers ,  we bought this after seeing it on good eats .
we will be buying from this dealer again !  we love it !  .
so i give this product a five star and would recommend this to any one .
i am pleased with these screen protectors ,  the price is great and they do the job .
fit well and look sharp !  but thwy dont last very long .
i received this as a gift a few years ago ,  and it is my favorite .
i have steamed several foods in this and they all came out perfectly .
i love the fact i can have num_num different meals and snacks all in one container .
bought num_num of these shelf organizers and they have worked great .
not the biggest ,  or highest quality  definitely not commercial grade  but great utility item to have in a kitchen .
so i thought this would help me and him .
she says ,  that this one is the very best that she has ever used .
overall ,  very happy with the quality and value of the set .
they are the best i have ever bought .
he has made several things and they have all been good .
they are well built and do not start to fall apart at the third change .
i really couldn t be more pleased with this product !  .
this particular case will fit other phones as well including the iphone num_extend
it turns out work great with the samsung epic num_extend
i strongly recommend to find a lid that fits well if you buy this product .
it is a great length so that i can actually put it somewhere other than the floor .
these are just great !  nice weight ,  comfortable in the hand ,  great shape .
we have had this grinder for about num_num years now and we love it .
this is the third soft case i have purchased for my num_extend and this one fits the best .
would highly recommend this product for those big icing jobs !  .
there are many great reviews out there for this product ,  which is why i purchased it .
so much that i ordered three of them .
for the price and the quality ,  these earphones can t be beat .
i love this grill !  now ,  i know that nothing beats charcoal but this is the next best thing .
i purchased this pan from amazon and i love it .
this purchase was one little indulgence that was really worth it !  .
i bought this to replace the one i had previously that looked like this and i like the style .
i think this is product is a very good value .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
i would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a great charger for their num_extend
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
it goes back on the same way ,  in reverse . anyway ,  i love this product .
i found this case online ,  loved the look and read all the raving reviews .
over num_num years old and still works perfect .
i finally bought it because the price was right .
they have worked well so far and have no complaints about them .
we need the longer cord from time to time and this works .
the xentris charger works perfectly with my galaxy nexus .
i ve never seen a grinder with more flare then this one ,  plus it makes a great cup of coffee .
i like that it can be programmed with different voices and works with apps on your phone .
there are cheaper ones which does the same job ,  but this product has a good design and a stand .
this is a convenient tool that is great when you re in a hurry .
i have to say i bought this due to the good reviews .
works like a charm ,  would recommend to anyone looking for good protection for their atrix .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
these sturdy plastic caps have been around for well over a decade .
easy to use and best of all i don t have to mess with my mixer .
this pot is heavy but easy to handle for me .
after two years ,  i m still delighted with this pillow .
i ve used it for over num_num years and love it .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter and she loves the case .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
this is worth way more than the low price .
the only bt headset i ve found that works with a motorcycle helmet .
they fit the phone perfectly ,  not as hard to apply as others say but maybe because i have experience .
this sealer along with my food saver makes it possible .
i would recommend if you need to purchase .
she loved it she had never even seen something like that .
it does what it claims to and excels at double batches .
ordered this for my daughters iphone num_num and it fit perfectly on it .
i bought these to go with my used vacuum sealer and have to say that they are great .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
this beater works better than the one that originally came with the mixer .
this instantly turns your bundt cakes into works of art .
i definitely will buy from this seller in the future .
i ordered this accessory to protect my phone and it does just that .
looks just like the picture and good quality .
overall ,  i would say this is a good product for what it is .
i would definitely recommend this to friends ,  heck .
this is the best of all that i have tried .
other then that ,  it s great and i would purchase again .
there are a lot of things to like about this design .
in using it i have been very happy that i chose it .
overall it is a great asset to your home office .
there is a nice golden sear out the outside which looks like something you d get in a restaurant .
all in all ,  i believe that this is one of the best purchases i ve made on amazon .
i can really say enough about this phone .
oneida is a trustworthy name brand ,  and sets like this warrant their reputation .
i have been using the icarpus every day and still working perfectly .
it s a great buy ,  especially considering the price .
i had very good luck with hard foods like carrots ,  potatoes and hard cheese .
i know that my floors are clean after i am done with this ,  so i can recommend the item .
purchased this to use when running with my motorola photon .
have only used it on one loaf and there s almost perfect slices .
it truly is the little things in life that put a shine in your eyes .
this one is a great product that is priced well .
after num_num months of use ,  i m perfectly happy with it .
i works so well that i m going to order the next size up to complete the set .
product works very well pleased with its use .
these head phones are great !  i have had them now for about num_num months .
i have had several other products and this works really nice .
otherwise i got these for my neices and they really help protect the phone .
there s a reason this particular model is so popular .
i chose this unit because of the reviews on line and the ease of use .
it s a great price too for three of them . they re just great .
they are easy to handle ,  and are sturdy . i use them every year at christmas .
contacted amazon and they took care of everything very fast .
i m giving it num_num stars because it sticks very well and it s doing its job .
i have used this pan num_num times and both times the cakes have came out great .
i like it and it does protect the phone very well .
i have bought this kind of opener for some time now .
he says they are pretty good quality and would order them again .
works great !  my phone stays at  charged  once the battery reached %
this worked just as the one that came with the phone .
this is the best car charger that i ve ever used .
the sound quality is excellent for both sides on the conversation ,  and the noise cancellation is top notch .
i would have liked it deeper but worth the money any way .
they fold up nice and the audio quality from both the headphones and the mic are pretty good .
i have been using these daily since i got them a year ago .
i have used it for over num_num months and it works great !  !  !  !  !  !  .
i love the locking mechanism that allows me to store it without difficulty .
i received exactly what i ordered and it worked .
this is my first plantronics bluetooth and i am quite impressed with it .
i ve had mine a little over a year now and it s the best i ve found .
if your looking for an easy replacement for a old pan this works .
it will keep it pleasantly warm for over num_num hours .
nothing like that ,  this thing is amazing . i highly recommend this  !  .
but now i would definitely rate this five stars having carefully followed the instructions to a tee .
i think i bought this case from best buy back in september .
these worked great for me ,  and i would purchase again .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
very happy with results . very happy with this product .
this one actually weights something and works much better than the ones we had .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i love this style of headset and would recommend it over any other one on the market .
i find this grinder to be very good .
other than that it works just like the other one i had .
i also have a num_num cup angled measuring cup as well .  .  .  . and again it makes measuring so much easier .
still better than buying $ ones that keep breaking though .
and it does make great great froth i would recommend this product .
microplane is so much better than other brands i have used .
this cart looks pretty good and was fairly easy to assemble .
they are more durable then the wide plastic clips i have used in the past .
this is one of those  must have  oxo kitchen tools .
it is easy to clean and i would highly recommend this .
just like their nylon spoons ,  great !  heat resistant ,  won t melt in your pan even if you forget it .
i would have given it a num_num or num_num for that reason ,  but customer service was fantastic .
the operating buttons are easy to find while driving .
i also like that they make cake serving easy ,  because of the light waxy coating on them .
this is a very nice canner worth the money paid for it .
i love the fact that i got it from amazon ,  at what i consider to be a great value .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
i would love to give it five stars for how well the base works .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i am totally happy with this product because it is stainless steel and very nice quality .
overall i would recommend this screen protector to family and friends too .
i really like this case when i first got it .
fit the phone very well and stayed put for about num_num months .
i have found butter to be better than oil for keeping the pan seasoned .
i have bought many iphone chargers ,  and this is one of the best .
it cooks any meat within num_num minutes ,  perfectly every time .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
i would order them again but believe they will last quite some time .
i will definitely be buy more products from these guys .
this case has such a nice cushion it has saved me many times over .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
but .  .  .  . if you didn t mind that part ,  it would even do a great job for you too .
this product is very easy to use and easy to keep clean .
comfortable in the ear ,  and so far a good battery life .
i wouldn t hesitate to recommend purchasing this product .
i purchased this little guy and found it to be exactly what i needed .
i will be using this all the time .
it s interesting that there is such a divergence of experience with such a simple product .
you can even charge it while its in this case .
this seems to be a good quality ,  heavy duty item .
this is a lot larger than one would think .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
i would have liked it deeper but worth the money any way .
this item i purchased is better than i thought .
they connect quickly and easily with my iphone num_extend and i m very pleased with the quality of the sound .
i totally recommend this screen protector ,  not only because is cheap but it has a great quality  !  .
i will order here again and i recommend buying this product .
a great product to use with my htc one and my children s iphone num_num and num_extend
i can cook just about anything with these .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
that s all i care about . i highly recommend this item .
i like them because they do look nice and polished .
bought this dock after i heard it was compatible with the nexus num_num and works great .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
we had a holmes heater that we used almost daily for many years and liked very much .
shipped immediately to me ,  this usb is worth way more than i paid .
love this popcorn maker and have been using it probably ever other day or so for num_num months now .
very nice ,  has been working for num_num years .
i love the blue light that illuminates when it s plugged in .
in terms of value for your money ,  this machine is a winner .
overall amazing product and i would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a heavy duty case .
i would definitely recommend this case it is pretty in person .
i bought this pan because of the great reviews on amazon ,  and i am very happy with it .
superb replacement for canned sprays from the store and much better quality with my own olive oil .
all in all ,  this is an excellent case that feels and looks a lot more expensive than it is .
i have had this item for about a month and it stays on the sink just fine .
the coffee tastes great ,  and the coffee is very hot ,  even though i have the warmer set on medium .
no mess and you have great home made ice cream in about num_num minutes .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
this product is a great deal and does the job as it states .
this was the best case i have ever used .
it s been more than num_num months ,  so i think my review will be pretty fair . this is a terrific product .
in fact ,  i have given both positive reviews .
nice and tidy way to keep the cord under control .
i am surprised at how much i actually like this .
then i found something that i though nobody would beat .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
pours notably better than the one that came with our bunn maker .
it s very easy to install this without air bubbles .
this is my first bread machine and i m very happy with it .
this is the best popper i have used .
this galaxy num_extend case is perfect for protecting my phone .
we also feel that the price is right .
wow !  this really did work the way they said it would .
i mean ,  this thing really is shiny and pretty .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
i love this case !  i like the speck cases and they hold up well for me .
i just got a new galaxy num_extend and i ordered this case for that phone as well .
this product makes my soaker tub num_num inches deeper and i love it .
they re great if you wear glasses because of the way they fit .
other than that ,  the case fits the iphone num_extend perfect .
looks like they know what they are doing .
i wouldn t hesitate to recommend purchasing this product .
they work well and are a good size .
it only takes a few minutes and is so worth the time .
our son gave us this knife about num_num years ago and i love it .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
this was the easiest ice cream i ve ever made .
i pretty much use it for just about everything .
obviously ,  i am very happy with this pitcher .
other than that ,  i really like the plate and i m looking forward to actually using it .
i used them for the first time this morning and am thrilled with the result .
i really like how much protection you actually have around the phone .
if you have a great quality tablet this will work .
i hope this one lasts longer than the other .
long story short it works pretty good for what i need it for and not bad for the price .
i have to admit ,  this is an overall great product .
just like they use on americas test kitchen !  i feel so professional when i use this .
it so light weight ,  would have liked the cord a little longer ,  but other wise .  . it s perfect .
the design is much more comfortable that i expected .
i would buy this product again and recommend it to others .
however ,  i am very pleased with this unit and would highly recommend it to all serious coffee drinkers .
the only thing i don t like is the fact that the printing is so small ,  otherwise it s great !  .
you won t get disappointed with this great product !  .
this was the best for smoothies ,  and i have not been disappointed so far .
i knew i would love it ,  i mean come on .
if you have an htc or nokia phone this is one high quality charger .
we have been using them for a year now and r still wowed .
this is just what it says it is .
i ve used num_num screen protectors while i ve had my evo and this is tops .
i bought this as a goldbox value and i have not been disappointed .
i bought this like num_num years ago and still working good .
than i saw this gadget with many good reviews .
i think it will last a long time .
i chose this unit because of the reviews on line and the ease of use .
i bought this on sale and was pleased to see that it works .
i ve only had it num_num weeks ,  but so far i m happy . still love this cooker .
this is the best coffee maker i have ever owned .
this thing gets every last bit of juice out that is for sure .
i have always used it with the vent in my car and it holds my phone perfectly well .
the packaging it came in was also nice . i will continue to buy anker products in the future .
these feel great ,  and have lasted a long time .
but for everything else ,  i would highly recommend it .
i realy like this product ,  my family was happy with those present i like too .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
this filter works and fits great in my num_num cup coffee maker .
beautiful ,  sturdy ,  and rests nicely on a pot with the stainless steel parts .
i think this is the best i have come across and i would buy this product again .
wow !  this is so much nicer than the picture .
i ve had this for about num_num months now ,  and it works great .
i ordered this one from amazon and it fits well .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
was a little concerned when i placed the order but i m very happy with it .
this is a great well made case with lots of pockets for your basics .
these are of very good quality and easy to put on .
this more than just a vegetable brush ,  but it s intended use is better than others on the market .
other than that it s very easy to use and durable with a sturdy and stylish base .
i am pleased that they offer this small model ,  it is perfect for one coffee drinker .
i was surprised by how quiet it was after reading reviews .
i ve had my two num_num gallon vornados about num_num months and am very happy with them .
this product works so simple ,  and does a perfect jog of it .
this fit my gevalia coffee maker perfectly and is easy to use and clean .
i have recommended this product to all my family and friends .
we really like this microwave but more we like how easy it was to get it from amazon .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
yes ,  it weighs num_num pounds ,  but it makes rolling dough so much easier .
still ,  num_num feet is pretty good in my num_extend feels well made .
i love the upgrade to a grinder that i press once and then it does the work .
i wouldn t hesitate to recommend purchasing this product .
what can i say ?  just a great solid cast iron pan .
the bottom line is , imho this opener is superior to most others .
i would buy this again and would recommend it to a friend .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
if you still have the original ipad ,  i would recommend this case .
i would have the phone and the headset . i love the size of this phone .
he will feel like a man cooking with one of these babies .
there s really not much else to say about it other than it does its job and i love it !  .
if it weren t for that plastic gear ,  i would find this item perfect .
just as good so far as the one i got num_num years ago .
why buy a cool looking iphone and put on a clunky case ?  this looks and feels great .
i really like this product and would order again .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
this is my first stand mixer and i am in love with it .
have been using this for num_num years now and it works great .
i got this item sooner than expected this vender is a person who do what they say .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
you will be as happy with it as i am .
it s enough reason to keep using them in my brita pitcher .
i love this little tea strainer !  yes ,  like others said the description is incorrect .
i love that it doesn t take up too much room .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i also like the fact that we were given the back protector as well .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
the most comfortable headset i have ever worn .
still ,  its well worth having and certainly deserves num_num stars .
i m sure that this would work great in the oven too !  .
i have num_num of these bookcases ,  and i m very happy with this .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
i bought this item on november num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
this item is a godsend for helping me lift my heavy cast iron skillet .
came in a timely fashion ,  and i love it .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
this steam canner is perfectly safe for acid foods  like pickling ,  etc .   as long as you following the directions .
the build quality seems very good and the price is certainly right .
i will continue to purchase this item on line .
its good but not great considering what else is available at this price point .
love this thing and love how my phone turns into an alarm clock .
this is my first experience with cast iron and i am in love .
i have had this toaster for about six months and i am very happy with it .
i think i saw it on tv and it seemed like a great idea ,  so i bought it .
i purchased this item several years ago ,  and it is still going strong .
didn t think it would work but works great !  .
i love ,  love love this product !  i ve order num_num thus far .
i have purchased other oxo products and they are all of excellent quality .
i have dropped this about num_num times already and it still works fine .
i bought two of these ,  the price was great and they do what they re supposed to do .
i really like the fact you can charge the case with the phone in it .
this product is exactly what i expected of it .
i have tried other external chargers ,  but the anker seems to be the best .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
you can just tell with both of these by how they feel that you have them in right .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
it s still in perfect condition !  one of the best investments i ve made .
my mom has one of these that she got for her wedding about num_num years ago .
i really cant say enough good about this product .
i have wanted a decent rack for a long time and finely just went ahead and bought this one .
so would i recommend this machine ?  yes ,  definately .
this pitcher makes for a quick cup of tea whenever i want one .
norpro is making some very nice products these days !  .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
it worked all last winter and it is still working .
i ordered these spoons for just one of them ,  and found out that all of them are very useful .
i bought this a while back ,  and i am still using it .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
i am very happy with the quality of this product .
at this point ,  i can highly recommend this product .
don t wait ,  you ll be happy with this coffee maker .
i bought the medium size scoop ,  which i find perfect the perfect size for making chocolate chip drop cookies .
i was really impressed with the quality and the fit of this case .
i was drawn to this coffee maker because of it s look .
i have many items from this fiesta line .
amazon also has some of the best prices i could find on these replacements .
it is real simple to use ,  is one thing i like about it .
as of the writing of this review ,  the product has worked perfectly .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
they look good ,  feel good ,  and work very well .
i agree with the ones that said this is the best bread knife in the usa .
i like rounded edges better ,  but that s again a personal preference .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
fm audio quality not quite as good as the motorola num_extend but definitely good enough .
i have owned several types of these shakers but really prefer this one .
i purchased this new piece because i had been looking for a unique size and what a great buy .
so far so good ,  nothing would get stuck on this thing .
what s not to love about oxo products ?  these brushes are dishwasher safe and they are very very handy .
i use the big water tank not the pitcher and they work well with it .
if you have an iphone i do recommend this bluetooth .
to get the cuts you want , but once you do , using this product is fast and easy .
this one was a great price and arrived in good time .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
i get lots of things done with this long cable and its just very nice .
as most reviewers have already said these work well .
it s simple easy and best of all i don t have to worry about bugs .
i bought these for drinks and they work perfectly .
my husband has been searching for the  perfect  cup of coffee for several years .
i can t say enough good things about this unit .
it is just the right size and of course you can t go wrong with cast iron .
after making many many many rounds of pasta ,  i ve discovered a few tips that help ensure a great num_extend
i searched and searched and finally picked this one because of the positive reviews .
i m totally satisfied and would highly recommend this product .
i have literally dropped this phone from my roof  about num_num feet  and it still works like a charm .
i have the num_num inch and this size is much better .
we have a home in the mountains we purchased num_num years ago .
it holds up very nicely and still looks like new a year later .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
sound quality is very good and the ear piece fits me very well .
i love it and i have yet need to replace the screen protector i used from this product .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
this is great as a gift to yourself or someone else .
i love this case and would happily buy at num_num times the price .
i have lots of cast iron and this makes a nice addition .
they are held together with a nice heavy duty stainless ring .
this electric kettle was great for the price .
definitely am one of the people that love this product .
this is a very handy tool and i would recommend it to anyone who cooks .
some foods i put directly on the rack just to see what would happen and that worked well also .
it s way more hassle than the bunn  filter discussion follows  but it s just sooo worth it .
they clean up very easily and do not take up a lot of room .
the reviews led me to this little jewel . first the num_extend
it really does work just like an infomercial .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
this is nice to have so that i m not stuck without my phone .
it was much better quality than i thought it would be ,  and was not disappointed at all .
i know kitchenaid has good customer service and so that s what finally sold me on this model .
i am more than pleased with this product .
the secret is in the powercup ,  which makes this work so efficiently .
i bought this for my wife as a christmas present last year .
the carafe keeps the coffee hot for about num_num hours after brewing which works out perfect for me .
they have me hooked for life on this product .
lastly ,  i d like to mention that the packaging for the moshimoshi is very nice . using the moshimoshi is simple .
i really like this product and the ease of popping corn .
some reviewers ,  however ,  thought it worked just fine .
i love this product from the couple things i ve made already .
i am very well pleased with this product .
i love this pot ,  i use it more than any other .
these work great ,  bought num_num extra for a friend and she loves them as well .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
we have been using this for over a year and are thrilled .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
this is an excellent product and i am thinking about buying a second one .
i gave num_num stars because it is metal and cuts easy and easy to use as well .
i have owned num_num in the last ten years and bought num_num as gifts the recipients loved them .
this works better for us than a quick ,  num_num minute cycle .
it goes for double the price in retail stores so as always ,  amazon is the place to buy !  .
she says ,  that this one is the very best that she has ever used .
i found these cables to be the least expensive of the ones with predominately  good  reviews .
i have one of these and actually bought this for my sister because she wanted one .
i have a waring pro but not much counter space and this works just fine .
now i have a great container to store these weight in when they are not being used .
keeps food warm for more than num_num hours .
this is a very well made stock pot .
there is just so much this phone has to offer .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
it is really easy and doesn t take much pressure .
i ordered one from amazon back in num_extend and was very pleased when it arrived .
this is good for me ,  phone will not slide around in case ,  and get scratched .
definitely satisfied with this purchase ,  and would buy it again !  .
i also have a screen protector ,  so that helps .
i ve been using this phone case for over a week now and i love it .
i have had mine for almost num_num years and it is still going strong .
i have another size of these and i love it .
what i like about this is that i can charge one set of batteries while using the other .
i ve had a couple of different plugs and they all worked .
i also like that it brews such a large amount in a short time .
it s a case that doesn t make your phone feel bulky and it keeps it safe .
they fit great and didnt have any problems with them whil moving around .
will buy from this seller again when i need more filters .
anyway ,  good customer service from the thermos company .
the product arrived within num_num days and in good order .
i ve only used it twice ,  but i ve been really happy with it s performance .
this cover is the good one to keep your phone .
i ve been using this brewer for over a month and love it .
as other reviewers have mentioned the blue light is very bright .
super convenient as you don t have to remove the camera from the case .
this was such a great deal that i bought num_num chargers .
so i thought this would help me and him .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
she loved it she had never even seen something like that .
for those who want something simple ,  functional and cheap .  .  . this is the case to get . i m very pleased .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
i would recommend thus charger to anyone !   : d .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i love this product because it s not big ,  and it is sturdy .
this is a clever device and i recommend it over other cradles .
the numbers are large and easy to read without my glasses .
i don t have to drag out the food processor ,  and clean up is quick and easy .
it does well all the things it s designed for .
can t say enough positive things about this charger .
this is where it all started ,  very great product .
its a great price then buying it from any local store .
i bought a set of these for myself .
my wife also has one of these and she loves it . i like num_num as much as i like num_extend
love these cases purchased one in about num_num different colors .
this product makes a great gift for anyone who want to be a safe driver .
much better than the motorola num_extend that i also own .
my son needed a case that would work with his speaker dock ,  and this one does the job .
i just got mine after reading several reviews on this model .
liked them so well ,  i bought a box of num_extend
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
i have a black phone and the white cover makes it look so cute .
this fan is really doing a good job .
this one is the biggest one out of the three that i already have .
the range is good ,  battery life is good i only wish they came with more ear inserts as spares .
i am not disappointed in the quality of the product .
sold for galaxy tab ,  but also compatible with note num_extend
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
this is a traditional ring that works like it is designed to after thousands of years of experience .
i got this set so we could have them in several different places .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
also ,  it has magnets to attach it to the refrigerator which is very convenient .
this is the same bowl that comes with the kitchenaid mixer so it s a perfect fit .
after struggling with a hand mixer ,  it was a pleasure to work with this .
but it does deserve five stars because it does what it is supposed to .
i love the fact it comes with a carrying bag which makes it easy to take with me .
i recently bought this juicer after reading great reviews here ,  and i am not disappointed .
it s not a problem as you can dissassemble this thing completely . i think this is the best humdifier out there .
i attached them to my ipod ,  ipad and they last so i m very happy with this product .
i am so happy with these covers for my phone samsung galaxy ii .
i got these bags for my daughters valentines day party and they were perfect .
and this thing holds heat like a beast .
i bought this in num_num and num_num years later it still works great .
definitely would recommend this item to my friends .
i m just using it as a hub for now and that works great so far .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
i have had it for about num_num month now and i am very pleased with it .
the biggest advantage to this one is that the sides come out and can be put into a dishwasher .
i think this was a good purchase and am happy with the price .
it would have been nice if it came with the thermos ,  but it is still functional for us .
henckels is a great brand and this product only adds to their reputation .
even though the sound isn t that great ,  i still really like these headphones .
it does this wonderfully . that s what it s for ,  it s not for soup or anything like that .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
this unit has more power than any other i have used .
but other than that this is a very well built ,  solid ,  great sounding phone .
new case that arrived on time fits my iphone num_extend perfectly .
i got these as a gift and really do like them .
i absolutely loved my zo bakery but after num_num years of almost daily use the heating element was going .
there is plenty of room in them and they fit perfectly in the top of my closet .
it s a nice classic black case that feels good in the hand .
this is the first steamer i have ever purchased and i must say that i m very pleased with it .
they have a soft ,  smooth feel to them .
also tried it with my nokia num_extend and it works perfectly .
i ve owned one just like this one for over num_num years ,  and have really been pleased with it .
i like the size and am happy with this product .
these have a stronger spring than the ones i got from the grocery store ,  so i prefer these .
this is one of the top items i ve bought through amazon .
this is one of the best pans i have ever owned .
after num_num years of use num_num days a week for num_num hours a day it is still working great .
for the price i would suggest trying it but personally idk how good it is .
good price to go along with that and and my wife is very happy .
bought one many ,  many years ago and still works as it did when it was new !  !  !  very good quality .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
great purchase !  i like the fact that they come in a three pack as well .
great if you feel like eating in front of the tv .
i bought these for my kids and they are nice and works very well .
they have excellent customer service and i was very ,  very satisfied with them and their product .
two dollars for a case is definitely worth the wait to get it .
after a couple of months of use ,  she is quite pleased .
i have had excellent luck with all of their products .
even though it is a bit larger than i anticipated ,  i still love the thickness .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
i love that each one has a slightly different design on it .
i bought this over num_num years ago and it has served me very well .
i bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity .
this set is perfect ,  what i wanted for a long time .
granted ,  you pay a bit more for ateco but it is a much better product .
this product is of good quality and comfortable to use .
when frozen overnight ,  this bowl makes ice cream in about num_num minutes ,  and does it well .
i bought the num_num inch and num_num inch chef s knives and love both of them .
this and a screen protector and you are all set .
this is the best thing i ve ever bought for my daughter .
i bought this coffee maker a couple of years ago .
the glass cup is easy to clean ,  great for measuring and then reusing again shortly thereafter .
i ve had it now for about num_num months and it still is holding up well with average usage .
verizon tech support has been very nice and very helpful .
they don t like to much more than hand tight . looks good and my son seemed to like it .
i have no complaints a really good product .
these cases are very good quality and protect my iphone very well .
love hot drink ,  and began to find a good thermos after arrived at the us num_num years ago .
i have always been a big fan of pyrex .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
they are great products to have in the house .
worth every num_extend update : we ve now had this cooker for num_num years .
i really like the little table top that you can have out or folded away .
it makes the phone a bit bulky but that is ok as the protection is superior .
maybe i ll break them out when i have guests . overall ,  i m very happy with my purchase .
it is also much easier to clean ,  and it looks like we will be using it quite often now .
wrote into otterbox and they are sending me a new one !  great company !  .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
i chose this pan for a weeding cake and it turned out great !  .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
plus ,  they look really neat when we use them with company .
they could use a little more bass ,  but for portable speakers ,  they work very well .
it is very small but does a great job .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
this is the best case for those who take care of their phone .
i am very impressed with this grinder so far .
this case came in original packaging  ,  and is a great case .
this is a lot better than i expected .
these unique measuring spoons are designed to get into the small openings .
i really like the holmes num_extend quartz heater .
the other thing that i really like about this charger is its versatility .
they do their job ,  and that s what i needed .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
i like it this product ,  its consistent phone quality and price gets four stars .
and they are nice and heavy duty . the clean up nicely and make cooking more pleasant !  .
this will work for any type of broad macaroni .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i have tried them all and this is the best !  !  !  !  !  !  .
i have a feeling that these will last forever .
a fine product that actually does what it s supposed to do .
arkon makes quality products for your smartphone and i have yet to be disappointed by their products .
however ,  i did succeed in using this method ,  and it works very well .
once you learn to adjust the cooking time for these ,  you will love them .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
i followed the directions that came with the wok and had good results .
you can tell that they are good quality and we have received numerous compliments on them .
i have been eying this for a while ,  and i am definitely happy with it so far .
i have never gotten this great of service from a seller before .
i don t have any complaints ,  for the price this was a great buy .
this little stand does the job and it cost under num_num bucks !  .
however ,  they do work well for the great price .
however it still does a very good job .
another reviewer here said that he got it for his sister who had extensive hand surgery .
i would definitely order from this company again .
i gave this five stars because it is so cute and exactly what i wanted .
i have owned at least num_num from metal to plastic and this one is the best by far .
heavier than expected and loud ,  but does a great job .
and i still like it !  previous review :  i bought my first in num_extend
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
am sure that it will work just fine .
overall ,  i highly recommend this produc to new iphone owners .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
when this item came up online ,  i snatched it up right away .
last one lasted num_num years !  hope this will last as well .
i bought this case for my verizon iphone num_num and it was great .
i ordered this two years ago and have continuously enjoyed it .
this is so much better than what i have used in the past .
this one product has made a huge difference in the ease of being in the kitchen .
overall ,  a very quality lid ,  and all that i expected .
the double fans are excellent because they really do move the air .
i bought these because they are so pretty .
this inexpensive gadget produces much better results ,  much faster and more comfortably ,  than any other peeler i ve ever used .
i was surprised by how quiet it was after reading reviews .
my wife also has one of these and she loves it . i like num_num as much as i like num_extend
i like the cradle that came with it .
this product is just amazing ,  and i would buy again .
i bought this case for my bf because he loves red and needed a new case .
its that kind of design that speaks to  future proofing  this phone ,  as compared to other devices .
he says it works great and when needed will purchase this product again .
there s others out there that are nicer ,  but this is great for the money spent .
but i still find the cushion more comfortable than not having it .
but i would definitely recommend if you re looking for a hot pink durable case .
i love them they go with almost anything that you may have .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
nothing wrong with the case at all !  protects the phone and looks great .
the sheers i have now are on the windows ,  but this cheesecloth works just as well .
looks and feels like it will last a lifetime .
i ordered this for my husband and he absolutely loved it .
first of all ,  this thing is solid and heavy .
this soft leather case is pretty much as described .
this product is just fine and i have no problem with it and it fits the phone just fine .
i love everything about them ,  especially that they are made from glass and not plastic .
but i still have them and they have held up well over the last num_num years .
man these for the money are the best screen protectors ever .
they have it all from this affordable one to very high end ones .
i purchased this for my samsung galaxy num_extend and it fits awesome and has held up very well .
this is the best grater i have ever used .
this was the best for smoothies ,  and i have not been disappointed so far .
i bought this case for my epic num_extend and love it .
i will be buying more from this company .
the connector piece is very sturdy and does not come out easily .
we have used this brand for years and like the quality .
there is no question that this is a wonderful canner .
this case snaps on the front and back ,  fits well on the i phone num_extend
i have to thank amazon . com for getting me such a great deal .
it was worth every dollar and i would purchase it again .
i have owned this bread maker for num_num years and really love it .
i have owned this grinder for about six months and it has performed like a champ .
i love how you don t have to worry about scratching your expensive pan .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
there are two other issues that are also worth mentioning .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
screen protector sucks but other than that it protects my phone great and i haven t had an issue yet .
i would easily say that it works better than the oem battery that came with the phone .
i have had excellent luck with all of their products .
this was a good buy for me ,  i really like this product .
this is the best turner we ve had in the last num_num years .
i have brought from this seller before because i love his cases and the fast service they provide .
have used it many times and it is still sharp .
pineapple slices cooked in this pan have a great flavor .
after opening the box i was impressed with the weight of the pieces .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
this case is a much better quality product .
i definitely would purchased from this seller again .
she likes this case a lot ,  and it s sturdy ,  and seems to be of decent quality .
i like that this is small ,  doesn t take up much desk space ,  and really moves a lot of air .
i have baked with them and i would recommend this product .
this was a big hit at my house at xmas ,  between the num_num month old and num_num year old .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
this product def worth the $ i paid for it .
they are the real ones and hold the charge .
every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more .
it s easy to clean ,  easy to fill ,  and holds a fair amount of water .
great buy ,  and it also came with cleaning swatches which is really nice and compact .
nice solid bottom that doesn t slip or fall .
i m sure some one here in usa could make this product just as well as the chinese .
they don t quite match as the are larger ,  but i really like them .
there s others out there that are nicer ,  but this is great for the money spent .
i knew that these wouldn t fit him so i kept them for myself . overall a good product .
the motor has plenty of torque and you can tell the difference between each of the num_num speed settings .
it is the only one that i have seen that will also work with an ipad .
i now have a charger everywhere that i am and they all work very well .
i just received this product today ,  i love it .
i ve used this vacuum for nearly num_num months now ,  and i love it .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
i m really liking this product more and more as i use it .
i have had good luck with the honeywell humidifiers .
i absolutely loved my zo bakery but after num_num years of almost daily use the heating element was going .
that also makes me feel a little  greener  when i do that .
got this for my num_num year olds new ipod touch .
i would recommend this product if you like making your own rolls .
num_num stars because they are well built headphones .
it fits a lot more lettuce than i would have thought .
yes ,  this product does all that one could hope .
i thought this would be a good starter set for her to see if she likes them .
i bought these because they were a good deal but they turned out to be an excellent product .
i ve had mine for about num_num months now and it has held up fine .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
the set came in mail in a couple of days so quick and the product works fine .
i have been using these filters for a while now and i think they work great .
used it when it came and using more than the large . excellent little cooker .
this is really one of the best gadgets i ve ever bought .
i like the idea behind this product and i m surprised i havent seen more like this .
i have dropped this about num_num times already and it still works fine .
it s large size makes it difficult to store ,  but it s worth it .
where s the num_extend star ?  ?  this is an exceptional product ,  worth a perfect rating .
when i opened up the package i found the knife to be very light and very sharp .
i like this product and would recommend it to a friend .
all in all this case is worth the money .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
good for those people who have num_num different types of cell phones to keep charged .
this is an all around good value for your money .
i couldn t find a single cup machine i liked so this small num_num cup works great for me .
the product itself is just about perfect . very highly recommended .
it is slim ,  so it fits easily into my pocket .
there are many great reviews out there for this product ,  which is why i purchased it .
i don t normally review items but this one totally deserves recognition .
this is the only product that i buy which is us made since really ,  it is that good .
very nice product and would recommend to anyone !  .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
this is the best bluetooth i have had .
i will be buying from them again !   :   .
i have tried many other types of tongs ,  and these are by far my favorite .
is it more expensive than others ?  yes ,  but it seems well worth the price .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
i was a little disappointed . overall though it s a nice pot and i am happy with the purchase .
i used cast iron pans for years ,  they are great ! get one and you ll see .
i think this is well worth the money .
it looks like it will serve me for a long time .
these are perfect and i am very happy to have found them .
i do a lot of baking ,  and i love this product .
we have had this grinder for about num_num years now and we love it .
if you re looking for a very protective case then this one should work very well for you .
overall this is a really good product for what i paid .
love this brand ,  and love the improvements they have made since i purchased my first one in num_extend
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
this serves it s purpose well and is small enough for me to carry around clipped to my pocket .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
this scale is definitely more accurate than all the other similar scales i ve tried .
my kitchen has a whole new dimension  or two !   with this piece .
she reports that she has used them several times and it very pleased with how they have held up .
the instructions that came with the package were very clear and easy .
maybe i ll break them out when i have guests . overall ,  i m very happy with my purchase .
i have been using it for num_num weeks and am incredibly satisfied with this purchase .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and it works just fine .
this item is excellent and it peels garlic very easily .
this one is made with a thicker material and has a better shape that makes it easier to use .
i really like my hepa filters because they remove so much dust and pet hair from the air .
not sure if they re experiencing this with other phones but it works great on the num_extend
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
i would recommend this product to anyone and it is a viable replacement for the battery in the phone .
i am totally satisfied all around with this product .
so i bought this bluetooth as a christmas gift for my boyfriend and he seemed to really like it .
i bought three of this series from this company and i love them .
they are so net and i love the size of them ,  they are just net to have on display .
these are not cheap thin tin they are heavy and solid .
this really should have come with the phone ,  but since it didn t ,  this is a good buy .
i like this product because it is good for the money you pay especially for num_num screen protectors .
this one is good stay away from the other .
i would recommend this to any one looking for a good potato cutter .
i recommend this to anyone who has an evo num_extend
i ve tried different cases ,  this casemate pop is my favorite .
it appears to be extremely high quality and very well designed .
we have made popcorn almost every night since we got this set .
this beater works better than the one that originally came with the mixer .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
very easy to use; tablet  clicks  into place easily .
this case fit perfectly to my iphone num_num and provides solid protection .
also ,  this price from amazon was the best .
i use the press everyday and am very satisfied with the build quality .
i have had this phone for just over num_num weeks and i love it .
they are oem filters and are exactly what i wanted .
the best purchase i have ever made for pie making .
i was excited to see that they were truly top of the line .
but other than that ,  it does work well .
this is the best thermos bottle i have ever owned .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
overall it is worth the money i paid .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
the screen protectors are durable and one can last for several months .
what fun you can have with these cookie sheets !  and yet they are great for baking !  love them !  .
this is another one of those must have things for the wine person .
it is transparent and the color is a little darker than is shown in the picture .
fits great and works well like they should .
these pens work very well with my kindle touch .
just the right size for one or two ,  as other reviewers have said .
this set is very attractive yet simple in it s appearance so it will fit in well in most kitchens .
other than the sound ,  this is great ,  and even with the not so stellar sound ,  it s a good value .
i would recommend this product to people i know .
these are very nice screen covers and work well .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
this mount works well with just about any phone .
love hot drink ,  and began to find a good thermos after arrived at the us num_num years ago .
the handle is also extremely easy to grip ,  even with messy or slippery hands .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
i liked the fact that they came three to a set instead of four .
this thing is great !  i could not be happier with this charger .
this spoon does the job ,  it s great quality and i just love the look .
i wasn t sure what to expect ,  but this filter unit works really quick .
there are a lot of things to love about this pan .
i have used this cover for about num_num days ,  it works great and feels great .
this makes it the only pot i have ever seen that is  southpaw  friendly .
love scooping out my pure as driven snow yogurt from it every morning .
can t say enough positive things about this charger .
i have used two of them already and all is working just great .
they were very easy for me to find while i was running once i got use to them .
this canner is so easy to use and i ve never had one problem with it .
i am really happy with this hoover product !  .
i find my evo very easy and enjoyable to use and recommend this to everyone .
i would buy these again and recommend them .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
i bought this after reading a review in cook s illustrated .
they fit great and didnt have any problems with them whil moving around .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
he loved this item and cannot wait to use it .
doesn t slide or anything !  def worth the cents that i paid lol !  .
the eggs were perfect .  .  .  .  .  . have repeated this several times with the same results .
the case i bought her has a stylus holder and this fits in it perfectly .
not the case  !  ! i ve used this crockpot three num_extend times so far and am very ,  very pleased with it .
it is a strong knife ,  very sharp and the wood handle is good quality .
this is the first steamer i have ever purchased and i must say that i m very pleased with it .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i always have my phone ,  and this made things so much easier for me .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
i have had this on my wish list for a while and finally got it .
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
this one is easy and comfortable to use , very sturdy and does exactly what is supposed to do .
i was pleased with this product and would use it again .
i bought this dinnerware set ,  and just love it .
i received mine in num_num days after purchasing it . in short ,  these batteries are totally worth the purchase .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
i would recommend this to any serious cook .
they came just like they said they would and in great shape .
they are easy to install and i would recommend them .
and the fact that this is made in the usa is even more astounding .
one of these will probably last longer than my headset ,  but that is good .
sturdy and strong with handles long enough to provide good leverage .
i wish they made a twin size with the sides !  .
when i first got this case i was in love and wore it every monday .
apart from these two minor inconveniences ,  i can t rave enough about the quality of this food processor .
it is also a great price and i would highly recommend this case .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
i was very happy with my num_extend for the first num_num weeks .
i am really happy with this purchase and it will last a lifetime  or more  .
giving it num_num stars because it s a good product overall .
this is my second bluetooth that i have bought and it is great .
i just received this product today ,  i love it .
i have emailed them several times with questions and they answer me the next day with great explanations .
i could not have asked for more . great purchase !  .
this case was very inexpensive and shipping was fast .
absolutely did a great job and left my house smelling about num_num times better .
i ordered this item from happy cellular with fulfillment by amazon .
though the buds go deep into your ears ,  the set is still extremely comfortable .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
brought new life into a great phone thats over num_num years old .
i have num_num cast iron pans and from num_extend to num_extend and this is great to move them around .
didn t know quite what to expect but was thrilled when i opened it up .
i will definitely be purchasing more at this great price .
it is the best cutter i have ever used .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
i have been using this knife for num_num months and i am really pleased with it .
all in all ,  though ,  a great product that does what it promises !  .
this is the best coffee maker i have ever owned .
i have no doubt that this cleaver will outlast me ,  and that s worth num_num bucks .
haven t been able to use them much yet but love them so far .
i prefer the weight of stainless steel over plastic .
it does brew pretty quickly ,  but still fills our home with the coffee aroma .
i haven t tried them yet ,  but got them for my husband who says they are amazing .
i would recommend this to any serious cook .
well i m glad i ordered it because it is so much better made that that old one .
i have several and this one fits right in with the others .
i have to say that i am very impressed with this case .
i cut num_extend of dough a day and it has been perfect and stayed sharp .
i m sure it would work just as well on a gas range .
i got this set so we could have them in several different places .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
this is a great handsfree speakerphone that is very easy to use and to set up .
just started using this easy yogurt maker last week and i am amazed how easy it is to use .
after num_num months of use ,  they re holding up well . very happy with this purchase .
hoping it will inspire him to make meals rather than the ramen noodle diet .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
this peeler is one of the best tools i have ever purchased .
i think this is product is a very good value .
bought this for my husband so he could more easily make the most excellent blueberry pancakes .
i used it this weekend and was so pleased with it .
i would recommend these knives and the seller .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
highly suggest buying this if you love to make boiled eggs .
i would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan .
i use this with my htc evo num_extend phone and it works pretty well .
i was so happy to find another one like my old one and have enjoyed using this one .
this product is worth those extra num_num bucks .
i m very impressed with this machine ,  but i ve only had it a week .
i also like the fact that i could get all of one size .
this is the best pepper mill i have ever seen .
the pot keeps the coffee quite hot for a long period of time .
i have a iphone num_extend with a protective case and it fits just fine .
these headphones have a mic and are excellent to make calls from your phone .
i great replacement for my old carafe that got daily use and broke after num_num years .
they worked great to keep the wine bottles cooled once they were opened .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
it s easy to clean off with a paper towel after cooking .
the sound is good and what i expected from plug in headphones .
the battery that came with this has been my best battery and lasted a year of heavy use .
i like these racks because they stack up helping me to save counter space .
they will last for ever !  very sharp and very appealing to the eye .
would recommend this type of case for any phone .
i was very surprised at how thick and sturdy this product is !  and it works good .
giving them the benefit of the doubt and the fact that it does work very well ,  num_num stars .
i contacted armoursuit and they told me just what to do and it worked perfectly .
i got this case for my samsung focus and second case that i got for the phone .
this is the best grater i have ever used .
super easy to use with partially frozen meats as the instrucions suggest .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
bought these on sale from amazon ,  and they are fantastic towels .
this is definitely an upgrade that was not any more expensive .
i recommed this with num_num stars !  it s great !  !  .
i just hope oxo expands the line with even larger sizes .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
purchased this spinner to replace an old and wharped on ,  works like a charm .
but this one is great and i would recommend it .
i ve done my research for weeks before i bought this and i love it !  !  !  .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
this pitcher is perfect !  i d been looking for the right pitcher for a couple of years now .
i just purchased this headset and so far i think this was a good choice .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
the filters are pretty good and i don t find that i have to replace them but every num_num months .
then i ordered these and they were perfect .
alright these are just great ,  there beautiful and they are good glass quality .
i have had this soap dispenser for over three years so overall i have been very happy with it .
this is a steal for under $ at amazon . com with free shipping .
overnight i like that i can simultaneously charge this unit as well as an electronic device connected to it .
i have not experienced this issue and pictures turn out just great .
i like it so much i just bought another for a num_extend timer to time two things .
i really appreciate that there are two cables included with the product .
a long ,  narrow dish was called for ,  and this tart pan worked very well .
all around it is better than some of the more expensive ones i ve had in the past .
this is one of those products that will last the years .
i love the simple design ,  although i wish the bowls were just a tad bigger .
it is beautiful on both sides as pictured .
i have had no problems with it and it works great .
we have loved this toaster for num_num years now .
good pricing ,  i got num_num of these ,  they look good ,  no scratches ,  everything like it should be . buy this one .
well worth the extra money for a dish that makes me smile every time i use it .
this was a great price and just what i expected .
they also pack their stuff very well ,  so there is no reason that anything should arrive broken .
anyone whi enjoys wine will appreciate this sealer .
this case fits my htc evo num_extend perfectly .
got this to go along with my atlas pepper mill .
this was the second case i purchased and i m very happy .
i really do like this case ,  of the ten i have  yes ,  ten !   this one is my favorite .
seems like a durable product ,  six months and still holding up just fine .
the bass explodes ! i m very happy with this product .
i bought this to charge a samsung infuse num_extend while in the car and it works fine .
that s it nothing else to say have a great summer .
so ,  now i like this product a lot more .
so glad they have continued manufacturing this product !  .
it was just what i had ordered ,  great price ,  perfect fit .
i have num_num other globals and this one is as good as the rest .
after num_num years of use num_num days a week for num_num hours a day it is still working great .
i am so happy i found this !  i had one of these for about num_num years .
it s nice to see that a splash guard is coming standard with this model .
i don t even mind that i have to hand clean them because it is so easy to clean them .
i would recommend this pan to a friend for sure .
if you are looking for a good reliable charger ,  i would recommend this item .
they worked great to keep the wine bottles cooled once they were opened .
this has been a great steamer and is very good quality .
it is still warm after almost num_num days .
i d never used a stone before ,  but my son has one and he loves his .
both have flatter carpets and this does a great job with surface dirt .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
i ve had this opener for num_num months and i m very happy with it .
i was surprised by how quiet it was after reading reviews .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
this does exactly what it s expected to do .
i think it will get better with practice .
so far after about a month it still works fine .
my two dogs would give this num_num stars . excellent value for the price .
i really couldn t be more pleased with this product !  .
i have never used a rice cooker before and this one is pretty easy .
this is one of those things that does what it says .
they are so much better in my bunn coffee maker than regular filters !  .
i bought mine in num_extend and it is still in perfect condition .
be sure your screen is completely clean ,  and the crevice around it as well .
i bought these for a beach house num_num years ago ,  and they are as good as new .
they do jab down into the meat perfectly well though .
good for traveling or good for a spare charger ,  depending on your needs .
was able to charge up the phone while running gps navigation .
this phone is still going num_num years on and i would highly recommend .
get that and you will get a day with your phone .
what that translates into is that you ll use it much more often because of its simplicity .
a little tricky the first time putting them on but once you get the hang of it it s easy .
there are some good features with this num_extend
this model came with some recipes that sound quite good .
it was nice that it came with extra screen protectors too .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
it doesn t cost $ but that s a good thing .
this is a simple purchase ,  but it s nice to be able to find it at a reputable supplier .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
the quality of the product is very good .
i have the num_num piece set of this product  ,  its a gem .
i am pleased with this product and plan to order another today .
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
all in all this is well worth the money .
but i ve left it on the charge over night and it does a great job .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
since ordering ,  i have made multiple frothy coffees and have been very happy with this purchase .
i think this one will last much longer .
i cannot be happier with the quality and durability of this case .
also ,  the holster secures the phone very well .
i can throw them in frozen and they come out well every time .
it s leaps and bounds past num_extend and even better than android .
since it only requires a tablespoon of oil ,  it is a healthy snack . i would buy this again .
i have one for myself and i purchased this one for my mom .
i like the fact that this product is clear .
will buy from this seller again when i need more filters .
i ve tried about num_num different headsets from different mfgs and these are the best ones so far .
i will probably get a second one as i like this one so much !  .
knowing this has helped a lot !  we have better results now that we know .
they give you a cleaning cloth with it .
it takes some adjustments ,  but that is pretty normal for this type of product .
i ve just purchased this and used it and am happy that i got it .
i especially like being able to see what is in the holder .
nice looking goes very well with stainless steel appliances .
i would definitely order from this company again .
and like i said ,  he switch in the line is nice .
and ,  as some other reviewers have noted ,  pan preparation is so important .
what i love about this piece of cooking equipment is that it still looks good over time .
this is one product we have gotten our money s worth out of .
the covering that comes with it works as a sheet and all he needs is a blanket .
i was happy with the case and the ease of putting on my phone .
best jug in the game !  recommend this product to anyone .
but other than that is is great and protects your phone too .
i have owned this product for about num_num years and i love it .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i ve had this product for some time ,  and i ve been nothing but impressed by it .
this is a nice and cheap replacement sync cable .
these are not flimsy and a very good size .
i love this !  i would recommend buying this to anyone who likes to bake .
charges and holds a charge just like the original battery .
this light is seriously bright !  it lights up the whole room .
i have had mine for almost num_num years and it is still going strong .
i have baked with them and i would recommend this product .
this is value priced over other cooking sites and works just like it says it will .
the lids work perfectly and i have zero complaints about these containers .
this is the most useful cookbook i have ever purchased .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
i bought this because america s test kitchen said it was the best .
i am happy with the product over all .
but besides that fact ,  this pouch fits the bb bold much better than the in box pouch .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
this case isn t just cute but very sturdy .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
the first pan lasted very well for several years .
we found it took about num_num minutes on full power to cook to perfection .
amazon is pretty great to return an item through .
got this set for only $ and i m happy about it .
this is a great unit that does exactly what it is supposed to do .
this is the secret to num_num minutes fresh pasta .
very nice of them to do that ,  that shows they genuinely care for their customers .
i bought this case for my iphone num_extend and this case looks really good on the wight iphone num_extend
i love the fact that it looks like a loaf of bread .
they have improved the model over time ,  which is always a nice thing to see . my advice to you is .
this works great in smaller kitchens ,  such as ours .
this product came with everything i need and more .
i am very happy with this humidifier for this price point .
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
i have had this pan for almost num_num years ,  and it still functions perfectly .
this works as a fair replacement compared to the more expensive ones .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
the recipes in the accompanying book are tasty and other recipes work well with this machine .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
i ve dealt with customer service twice  over ten years and two machines  ,  and they were great both times .
i like this much better ! i have never made a pizza ,  ever .
they are very comfortable to hold and lift ,  especially if you have any strength limitations .
for the money ,  this is a fantastic deal .
the four indents in the side of the glass help with gripping . overall ,  i would definitely buy these glasses again .
i privacy when i am texting and using my cell ,  i would recommend this product to family and friends !  .
i d recommend this to anyone who likes to cook  meat  .
this device is also a good fit because it wraps around your ear like a glove .
for most people this block will probably work well .
the cakes slide right out of them and they are so easy to keep clean .
i bought this item on november num_extend num_num and it is still going strong .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
i still use it even after num_num years !  very durable .
i love popcorn and i bought this because of all the great reviews .
once put together ,  they look very nice and well made .
i have no doubt that this will last for years .
another thing i loved about this separator is the strainer you see on top .
oxo have great products and i haven t found anything they make that i haven t liked .
the quality of this fan is very sturdy and not cheap or flimsy plastic .
we have had oreck s ,  eureka s ,  and other expensive brands but this one is the best .
i bought this for my daughters num_extend and it seems to work good ,  her num_extend player isn t broke .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
any women or man would love to cook with this skillet .
i am very happy with this purchase and that s why it gets five stars .
this is a basic bluetooth that is very simple to pair .
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well .
my best headset is the one that came with my apple iphone num_extend
i really love using this whisk with my stanless steel pans .
it has a built in spring that offers plenty of pressure to hold your precious items in place .
i would buy from this company again and recommend it to others too .
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
these keep an edge quite well ,  and do hold a blade that is most excellent .
i bought this cordminder last year and really do love it .
this fantastic magnet knife holder is the best solution i could have come across .
the screen is also very sensitive and responsive to your touch .
fits the phone just right ,  it adds a little bulkiness though .
but overall i am very happy with this product .
we have had real good luck with this one .
product is great for what a screen protector should be .
this product makes my soaker tub num_num inches deeper and i love it .
like all le creuset products ,  this one is awesome too .
it also comes with a bonus adapter clip for a camera tripod .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i have dropped my phone many times ,  and this seems to do well in protecting it .
at this price the case is a very good value .
i would recommend this phone to anyone who likes nice things .
amazing product !  i never saw anything like this and had to have it .
i used this for the first time this weekend and boy was it so good .
after reading the reviews for this case ,  i purchased it and i am so glad that i did .
it is also possible to listen to streaming audio with this headset .
this is a huge plus and i didn t really expect it .
while we have previously reviewed this product for the vine program ,  we enjoy its features very much .
i ve only had it a short time ,  but i already love it .
i have to say they are much better than the num_extend
but for someone like me ,  these work very well .
i would highly recommend this product so far .
i purchased these less than a month ago and they are working well so far .
all in all ,  i highly recommend this item .
i love this and i was so surprised that this is used for so many other things .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i would buy again and recommend to a friend .
last night i made some fattah bel djaje ,  and was able to pack the full meal in the mr .
this was my first purchase with amazon and i love it .
i find this prolongs the life of the charcoal filter .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
it has been num_num weeks and i love these batteries and after num_num months ,  i now love my epic .
been baking for over num_num years and never had a pastry cutter ,  bought this one and love it .
other than that ,  it is a nice case .
i love the fact that this mixer will fit under my cabinets which makes storage very easy .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
this is a product that works just as advertised .
this is about the best sounding bluetooth headset that i have .
just the right size for one or two ,  as other reviewers have said .
i have had good luck with these so far .
i am very pleased with this toaster oven .
the lids work great for what they were designed for ,  so i can t fault them for that .
this came in a package of num_num so i m good to go for at least num_num more years !  .
we have had this cutter for around num_num months now and i still love it .
works much better that the lower voltage models .
they are awesome i would really get these i ve only used one and love them .
fits perfectly ,  just like they were supposed to .
they will last for ever !  very sharp and very appealing to the eye .
i purchased this fan a few years back .
it was well worth the money ,  a great product !  .
after reading all the helpful reviews i made the leap and bought this one .
i would like them to be thicker but they do hold up to wear .
we ve used this for about num_num loaves so far and it s doing great .
i could have spent a lot more but this is perfect for my needs .
i also like the fact that i could get all of one size .
i ve tried num_num other cases and this is easily the best one of the bunch .
the lids fit well for the first num_num years or num_extend
they are perfect ,  work with the phone ,  the gps ,  and the tablet .
the battery is great and lasts a very long time .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i really do love this grinder and have owned it for about num_num years now .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
i ve had my case for over num_num weeks now ,  and it still looks brand new .
this pan isn t much more expensive than the cheap versions ,  and the results are well worth the difference .
this was so worth the money i spent on it .
worked great will use it in the future for cheese fondue and melted chocolate treats .
it takes batteries and they last quite a long time .
this thing will help you save time preping garlic .
i m amazed and would recommend this case to anyone .
i got this cover as a bundle with a skinomi screen protector .
it is definitely faster than the num_num hole and a little faster than the num_num hole .
they have just the right amount of give ,  and they stand up perfectly to the dishwasher .
i probably own num_num of these and love every last one of them .
these are probably one of the best bluetooth stereo headphones i ve owned .
the inner hard shell ,  is durable !  i would recommend this item to others .
its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy .
overall ,  great product ,  i will definitely buy from here again .
the stainless steel is sturdy and won t break like plastic versions .
very solid and expensive looking with a great  amoled i think  display .
have only had it for num_num days but seems to work great so far .
you can t beat the price of these screen protectors .
i recommend this cable ,  it works perfectly and has very little difference .
it s a steam cleaner and work well ,  what does one say about a product like this .
very easy to apply and the price is awesome for this product .
if you want a quality item which does the job this is it .
this is a really good looking car charger .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i have been using it about num_num weeks and so far so good on the wearing of it .
i like oxo products so i decided to get this one .
this screen cover went on easy and it looks great after about num_num months of use .
lost num_num star because the magnet is weak ,  but the stand works great .
it s a perfect replacement and looks exactly like the original .
this is good iphone case for iphone num_num and num_extend
have always wanted one of this since i m a kid .
very inexpensive and takes up very little room in your car .
very happy with this set that we purchase it again .
this is a very high quality tool that i use daily .
i m very happy with this product and will come back for more .
it arrived at my house in only num_num days !  one of the best purchases i ve made  :   .
i would recommend this product if its large size is not an issue for you .
other than that i don t have any problem with this extremly well made product . belkin keep up the great work !  !  .
this is actually a gift for someone because they liked mine when they saw it .
this shell was more than worth it s price .
both this probe thermometer and their instant read might be the best products in their category .
we ve had them for num_num months now ,  and they are holding up fine .
this is my first attempt at bling .  . i love it .
it s fast and easy and i know exactly what s going in the bowl !  .
best popcorn popper i have ever owned and i have tried a few .
this is a high quality machine ,  and our carpets are cleaner than they have ever been .
i got this product because my husband had one when he was little .
i just make sure that the water is nice and hot when i fill the solution tank .
i ve used them many times and they re great !  .
it would also be good with facetime with the iphone num_extend
this product is what i expected and does a great job .
i like the size and am happy with this product .
i especially like the fact that it rotates so that you can bring the coat you want to you .
still very stylish and comfortable and easy to use with a quick charge of less than num_num hours .
i can note that they appear to be pretty solidly made and i like the way they connect .
it looks great in my kitchen and my wife and i are happy with the product .
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
this is an inexpensive oil free popper that makes popcorn fast and easy .
i ve had this pot more than num_num years ,  and it still looks new .
this item arrived as expected and was a perfect replacement for my broken charger .
this is worth way more than the low price .
this a well designed and built to last .
i really like this and would recommend it !  .
it is really great as a speaker phone and that really works .
in about num_num minutes you ve got perfect poached eggs .
sheepish grin i liked it so well that i bought another !  i would buy more ,  but i only need two .
i did a lot of research before purchasing this set ,  and most reviews were very good .
this case fits the g !  very snugly ,  and i ve yet to have any mishaps with it falling apart .
i use this for the first time the other day and what a great product .
i bought this on sale and was pleased to see that it works .
this is probably one of the nicer cases i have owned .
this means it will fit every iphone num_extend as well .
we have used this product for several years and are very happy with it .
more expensive than the plastic models but this is far superior than the cheaper ones in every way .
i m rounding up in this case because they are really nice .
its just perfect ,  and i love it !  !  i use it almost every other night since i got it .
other than that ,  i am really happy with this product and i would recommend it !  .
this is a very well made stock pot .
i love this set beyond reason for that purpose .
around num_num minutes later you have a truly amazing ingredient .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
we have been using this griddle for about a month now and love it .
i did charge it for about num_num hours right out of the box  .  .  .  . this bt headset is very nice .
i have been using this set since num_extend and i love it .
as a single guy heating frozen pizza this pan is great .
i don t doubt any of that stuff . i got this phone right after num_extend released last summer .
with this product ,  you just take your spray nozzle and it rinses so much better .
it also purifies the air and i know i will continue to use this to alleviate my allergies .
i bought this not really expecting much ,  but the skillet has been great .
with that said ,  this is a very good value for a good steam cleaner .
these stylus work just as they are supposed to .
they are way better than the motorola set and are so comfortable !  .
works better than the usb charger that came with the samsung galaxy note num_extend
i only toast every couple weeks or so at the most ,  and so far so good .
this is my second purchase ,  hopefully as good as the first .
the screen protector is working as well now as it did from day one on the old phone .
it s a bit more narrow than i would have liked ,  but this is still a great tool .
this is the best windshield mount i have ever purchased .
i like it because i switch car constantly and sometimes i forget the car charger .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
are near you and also helps navigate to your destination from your current location .
i m very pleased with this item ,  as i have been with everything else i ve gotten from oxo .
even after hundreds of uses ,  this pan still looks almost as new as the day i bought it .
perfection !  i will continue to order fiesta from amazon !  .
i have three dogs and three cats and love ,  love ,  love this product .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
have only used it once ,  but it s great .
i highly recommend the machine and give it num_num out of num_num stars .
but for less than num_num bucks ,  i m happy !  .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
it so light weight ,  would have liked the cord a little longer ,  but other wise .  . it s perfect .
i was so surprised when this one arrived .
this little fan runs great and really moves a lot of air with very little noise .
i have used it for making soup and stir fry several times and it still looks new .
i gave it to someone who could use it and they really like it .
i am very certain that i will enjoy many years of usage of this product .
the item arrived very fast and looks just as pictured .
i really like this device and recommend it highly .
i purchased this as a gift for my little sister who loves to bake .
i used this the first time yesterday and it worked fine .
i would recommend seidio extended batteries to anyone who can use them for their smartphones .
this product is better quality than the twelve south product .
this product is a nice option for mounting your iphone num_num in your car .
i would rather have smaller holes or none at all ,  but so far ,  so good .
it s a great oven that has lasted over num_num years .
still ,  they are a great set and i would by them again .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
i will probably have this one the rest of my life because it is so well made .
we have not been disappointed with any of the oxo good grips items we have purchased .
we have been using these for years and we re very happy with them .
i would recommend this if you have a large smartphone with or without an extended battery .
this is really sharp ,  so please keep away from children .
i actually want to buy another set since i ve been so impressed with it .
fast and has good instructions that come with grinder .
i am very pleased ,  and would recommend this one to almost anyone .
i would highly recommend this machine for most people .
this is very comfortable and you tend to forget you are wearing it .
i have tried several different stylus s and this is by far my favorite .
so much more useful than the thin metal tongs .
i expected a good product with the braun name on it and this electric kettle is indeed great .
rest assured ,  though ,  that if you have the money to spare ,  these are well worth it .
i gave it num_num stars because it s the best one of the presses i ve found .
great purchase !  i like the fact that they come in a three pack as well .
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
this review will serve to echo the many that came before it .  .  . this is a good one !  .
i would recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook .
i like a change once in awhile .  .  .  .  .  . other than the locking in flap ,  i am happy with them .
i really like this package of num_num chargers because of the price .
i have only used the charger once to test it and it worked well and fairly quickly .
the sheet that came with it is very soft .
i bought this because it appeared simple and strong .
i bought one of these models ,  used ,  num_num years ago ,  and it is still working just like new .
other than that ,  i really do love this fan .
this is a great headset that syncs up easily with my num_extend and my laptops .
love the case that came with the package .
this set is exactly what you think it is .
i agree with the other reviews on the quality ,  beauty etc .
great product ,  this is the second product i have bought from skinomi .
i ordered two of these and they work very well .
these waffles were better than any restaurant waffle i ve ever had . this product exceeded my expectations .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
ive been using this case since january ,  still holding up strong .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
it was comfortable and survived my washing machine once .
it feels great in your hand and have great protection for your phone .
i give this grinder a num_num star rating because it delivers a decent grind .
they are sturdy ,  with a lot of diff sizes and that is just what i was looking for .
but it is something that i will use for quite some time .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
this product does exactly what it is supposed to do ,  make good yogurt .
the other brands have one that fits in the water reservoir .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
mine do have spider cracks in the bottom of them ,  but they still all seal just fine .
this holster is sizable ,  especially when driving with a seat belt on .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
the coffee is excellent ,  and after num_num months i ve not had one complaint or problem with this machine .
i have zero issues with handle bending . these measuring cups are very well built .
my family loves mashed potatoes and when i make them i make a lot .
this device works quite well with my iphone num_extend it is easy to use .
and the best part is that our cookies don t stick .
very few timers have this and it makes it much more useful than the others .
overall ,  a very good set of spoons ,  and another quality oxo product .
we ve had this food dryer for about num_num weeks and are loving every minute of it .
i have always said you get what you pay for and with this toaster you get the best .
i can use my keyboard and mouse with my tablets with ease now .
would highly recommend !  !  !  ! i am adding onto my review after having the item for about num_num months .
this phone case is well made and looks good .
the color is very vibrant and i will definitely be sticking with this type of case .
this belt case fits good for m droid num_extend
glad there is so many different ear buds to choose from .
so now ,  i can find them when i need them .
definitely worth the twenty five dollars i paid for them .
my wife bought this for when she is at work .
they are easy to install after you have done it thousands of times .
purchased this item as christmas present for wife .
they definitely last longer than the ones that came with the phone .
and you know that with these many reviews this waffle baker has to be good .
that makes it easy to keep up with when you re not using it .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
i ve bought this pot set num_num months ago and i m very happy with it .
salmon steaks and regular steaks take less than num_num minutes and taste fantastic .
otherwise ,  this is a very nice toaster oven !  .
someone knew what they were doing when they designed this one !  .
they are as happy with this blender as i have been .
you have to buy it for yourself and you will then understand why i love it so much .
this is by far the best product to protect your phone .
i have bought a number of cases and this by far is the best .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
plus ,  it s just soothing for them to have that bit of extra light in the room .
even you granddaughter was able to make her own with this safely .
touch screen is much better than num_num and num_extend
i am very happy with this product that i purchased from amazon .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
this juicer is a very high quality juicer at an extremely low price .
to go with a new coffee maker for my wife ,  i decided that this would be a wonderful accent .
this is one of the best cases i have used on my verizon iphone num_extend
cooks fast so can feed a crowd in a short period of time .
we ve had this humidifier about num_num years now and i have to say i m impressed it s still working .
i use it every day and i know it will last for years to come .
this motorola made charger does a great job of charging my phone .
we use this more than any of the other funnels we have .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
i highly recommend it and plan on getting another one for my wife .
unfortunately ,  this can cool the tea more than one would like .
i have been using them and love them .
this is the original samsung charger and now he s happy !  .
the coffee tastes very good ,  strong but pleasant .
this item has helped me so much keep up with my phone when working ,  or traveling .
otherwise i ve been very please with this product .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
this thing puts out great rice in just the right amount of time .
i would buy this one again in a heart beat .
this pasta machine set works !  i was hesistant to buy based on other reviews .
i have never been a cuisinart fan but they got it right with this one .
i bought this product directly from amzer and received it this week .
but it was much better than i thought it would be .
i didn t expect much for the price i paid but i was happy with this battery .
all in all ,  i m happy with this purchase .
i will be purchasing more in the future .
bought these along with the amco measuring spoons as a gift .
i mean ,  this thing really is shiny and pretty .
i called oxo ,  and they sent a replacement kettle ,  and had wonderful customer service .
however ,  it is still a really great product .
this phone is still going num_num years on and i would highly recommend .
it does add a bit of bulk to my iphone but is still a nice case .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
this is a good company with good products .
fits the phone just right and each screen protector comes with its own wiper cloth .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
i definitely recommend this product !  way better than paying full price at the store !  .
i also have the cupcake tin which has been great !  .
i have been nothing but satisfied with this product .
this product got me out of a bind more than once .
i got this pan here on sale about num_num months ago and use it almost every day .
but this pan is really easy to use and has a place in my kitchen .
they are pretty and exactly the right size so i am giving them num_num stars .
i haven t used it much yet but so far so good .
bought this as a birthday present and the recipient said she loves it .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
i found this product to be easy to use and great quality .
my husband wanted biscuit cutters and these were perfect !  so far we ve used the biggest one .
there are so many different things to consider when buying something like this .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
we are real happy with this for sure .
at this price ,  it is a great deal ,  as well .
so far ,  i m very pleased with this device .
very good ,  nice feel ,  the grip is comfortable .
cuts through just about everything and has lasted with proper care .
i have two of these fans ,  both over num_num years old and still working just fine .
best of all ,  i have no problems with sticking .
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
okay ,  i have to say that this is a really nice case for the phone .
they are nice and heavy ,  which will mean they should be around for a long time .
you will be amazed at how much easier it will make your life .
i have nothng but praise for this product .
this num_num plus year old idea is absolutely a hoot in the kitchen .
my first set is about num_num years old and looks as good as my num_extend set .
we just received this coffee maker ,  and so far so good .
out of all the cases that i bought this is my favorite .
it also comes with an extra adapter for the plug .
and they were so powerful and light that even hotels used them .
would recommend for anyone that needs something to keep stuff off the bottom of the sink .
i can recommend this voyager pro hd to anyone .
got this for my iphone num_extend and i m very happy with it !  east to apply as any screen proctector .
i have not yet put this on my phone but i feel certain that it will work just fine .
wish they sold these options here with this rotisserie .
i think this product is great and i would recommend it .
we ve used it several times and are very happy with it .
they only thing is that it is hard to get off sometimes but other than that i love it .
other than that it is doing the job it said it would do .
i have num_num cast iron pans and from num_extend to num_extend and this is great to move them around .
best of all ,  this product is made in france ,  and not china .
this is a good product and will last forever if you keep it nice .
this kettle is the best !  it takes about num_num minutes to heat up the full amount of water  approx .
we use this daily for fresh lemonade ,  margaritas ,  salsa and anything else when we want fresh juice .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
it also has a great feel on your fingers and is anti glare and anti smear .
i love my bathroom toasty warm when showering .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
i will defiantly buy more of these in the future .
i make popcorn all the time now with this amazing hot air popper .
i will be buying at least num_num more for our next party !  i would recommend in a heartbeat !  .
so worth the extra money to get a thick heavy board that will not move around when cutting .
i really didn t know what to expect but this product works great .
and like other reviewers have written ,  having separate parts makes cleaning very easy .
dual ports are a bonus even though it only comes with a single micro usb cable .
i have lived with this mug for months ,  now ,  and i love it .
i am one of those people who ,  when i find something that works ,  i buy a bunch of them .
i have installed so many now and it gets easier each time .
i really liked this case referred over the hard case .
i have used this many times and gifted it to each family in my family .
all in all i think this case is great !  .
i have bought several other lodge products after this ,  but this still is my favorite .
i am very pleased and would recommend this product to anyone .
i ve had it for about num_num months now and it s still going strong .
it has a num_extend output on both usb ports  again ,  that actually work at the same time !   .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
this coffee maker is the best one that i have ever found .
if you dont have a problem with the battery life then i highly recommend this phone .
good enough . this is just what i was looking for .
the positive about that is that it will also protect your iphone more .
i m delighted to be able to find them on amazon .
also ,  num_num screen protectors were included for free !  good quality screen protectors .
i also like the fact that i can still use my other wall port due to its tiny size .
the phone case protected my phone very well .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
i get perfect eggs every time with this egg timer !  so easy to use .
this peeler is one of the best tools i have ever purchased .
i would recommend this company to order from if anyone asks . thank you ,  yesoo !  .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
i have found it to be quiet and very effective .
we used these to hang up christmas lights and so far ,  they work really well .
they work better than the $ unit it replaced .
i am so happy i purchased num_num of these .
good deal for three , would buy again if need be .
it s a steam cleaner and work well ,  what does one say about a product like this .
what sold me on this particular headset was the outgoing sound quality .
bought this september num_num num_num and it is still working perfectly .
the audio is the best i have ever heard from a headset in this price range .
if you are looking for a great quality product then get this one and you will love it .
this thing is great and well worth it for the price .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i was very pleased that i bought this item .
this was the best for smoothies ,  and i have not been disappointed so far .
for me these scoops have been one of the best investments for my baking .
it s the real deal !  just the boost i need first thing in the morning .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
for the price you expect a good product ,  and this is very good .
purchased this product to give to the lady who does my nails .
this item arrived on time and is an excellent purchase .
all around a fantastic trash can and i would pay more than $ again if i had to .
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
my husband has been searching for the  perfect  cup of coffee for several years .
i really like the matte finish ,  which reduces glare very well .
i highly recommend it for someone who s looking for something like this .
and this one work very well and cheap .
nice ! we have not had any problems with the new machine and we have had it for almost two years .
nothing special about this product ,  but the seller shipped it fast and at a good price .
i will continue to try and hope this is better with grapefruit .
they protect the screen very well and have had no problems with them .
i think some people just like to complain !  !  !  lol i would highly recommend .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
i have been using this case on my num_extend for num_num months and it s still in great condition .
cable was delivered promptly and is actually stronger than the original cable that came with the phone .
i bought my steamer about a year ago ,  after my daughter had purchased one and recommended it .
i have been cooking over num_num years ,  and this is the best press i have ever used .
we use the pans daily to our restaurant cakes and they hold up very well .
got this at target on clearance for less than amazon price .
i am happy with the purchase and would recommend these headphones .
it s a great cleaner ,  and i would recommend this item .
would have given it a five star but it is very lightweight and dents easily .
trident makes the best cases hands down and the have just about one made for every phone .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
this product is getting great reviews for good reason .
i could not be more pleased with this product .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i just brew regular coffee and add this to the top with some cinnamon .
this is a good deal if you have someone that is technical enough to take apart your phone .
i cant believe i could replace my old one at such a great price !  .
these have great sound and my voice is clear to other parties .
this was truly a great choice for me ,  the color was perfect .
i also like the feel of the case .
plus ,  this device looks nice and lights up blue when plugged in .
i make num_num to num_num trays at a time and it makes a huge difference .
this is a very good whip ,  but is too large for everyday use .
i ve had this battery for about num_num weeks now ,  and so far ,  it is superior to the oem battery .
i love experimenting with sauces and dressings ,  the sky is the limit with this awesome machine .
my phone feels bulletproof with this case on .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
i am satisfied with this less expensive earbuds .
i love these ,  have bought other brands and they break in a few months .
i followed directions about how to prepare the pan and i am sure it will work every time .
i think this product is worth every penny .
im happy i went with a name brand cord this time around .
a no brainer ,  i bought several and this is by far my favorite .
this really does work well ,  and very easy cleanup .
i bought some and they work perfectly ,  so i have no problems with this maker now .
bought this for my dad ,  and he loved it on his iphone num_extend
i think i will be using it more than any other side decoration for cakes .
i have never been a cuisinart fan but they got it right with this one .
so much better than anything else i have ever used .
i don t think i will have to use the other num_num but its great that i have extras .
i purchased this almost a year ago  jan num_extend and it still works great .
all in all ,  a good screen protector for the iphone num_extend
i like this coffee press because it keeps coffee warm much longer than glass presses .
that would have been a mistake ,  because this is the perfect press hands down .
also ,  the shape is so simple ,  but so comfortable when using .
i use this at work and love it .
i like it even more than when i first got it .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
that said ,  thousands of num_num star reviews say lodge cast iron is the best of the best .
i have ordered num_num of them to date and they are all top quality .
other than that love this case  !   !   !  .
the battery performs just like new after a few charges .
enough has been said about this product .  .  . almost all positive .
this is the best headset i have used ,  though i m not a headset person .
that is how much i love this product .
i ve had mine for about num_num months now and it has held up fine .
i also think it makes a better cup of coffee than the drip maker i had .
we have been using them for a year now and r still wowed .
i gave this case to my uncle as a gift and he really liked it .
i have had it for about a month and it is still working quite well .
i have had this tote for over num_num years and it s holding up well .
it works excellently for pastry scrapping and chopping ,  but it does so much more than that .
other than that has worked flawless and great audio sound .
its better than the others that i have used .
pros :  perfect fit on my iphone num_extend installed easily and tightly with no problems .
i m trusting that this will work as well as my older one .
lodge is great ,  i have never been disappointed in any of their pans .
i think i will order another for myself !  .
i ended up using both and i really like the chrome on chrome look .
this is the num_extend order i ve made with crazyondigital ,  and they have been great so far !  .
i bought this slicer about num_num years ago and it s the best slicer .
i needed a new plug and when i ordered this one i was surprised how soon i got it .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
and for the price surprise your friends with a gift that they will use over and over again .
so far these mixing bowls have been great .
it does work for my sandisk sansa num_extend player .
i would recommend this spoon rest to others .
i purchased this because it got a good review on cooks illustrated .
i have used these some but have found that the longer stylus pen works better for me .
also the little circle marks which side to plug it in so that simplifies it just a little more .
this little stand does the job and it cost under num_num bucks !  .
as others have noted the handles are separate and look loosely attached ,  but for me they ve always worked well .
this is one of the top items i ve bought through amazon .
for a hand can opener ,  this is easily the best that i have ever operated .
i would buy this again and would recommend it to a friend .
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
i bought the new trent igeek num_extend about a year ago and i love it .
love that they are made in the usa too !  .
makes such a difference and i actually looking forward to having cold days now .
received this item within num_num days and it works great .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
i really like the feel of this case .
this filter works and fits great in my num_num cup coffee maker .
love lodge products and this was no exception .
when you keep this in mind and keep it clean this thing will do wonders for you .
i ve found this type of material that i could cut to fit at a local hardware store .
the price was very good and it works very well . okay ,  i wrote that when i first got the thing .
i installed the first one and it came out perfect !  haven t even changed it yet and it s been months !  .
they roll well and are far smaller than most rolling shower curtain rings .
love this popcorn maker and have been using it probably ever other day or so for num_num months now .
we ve had this mixer in red color now for over num_num months and is going well .
overall ,  i like this coffee maker and would buy this unit again .
works great to have an extra one so the phone can be charged at home and at work !  .
this was extremely easy to setup ,  and it is very easy to use .
i have had this grill for about num_num years now ,  and it is still fun to use .
i loved this case for my iphone num_extend
i am very happy with my purchase of this sticker tape .
it does make a great cup of coffee and that s the bottom line for us .
and i am still extremely happy with the ease of use and the performance of this product .
you ll have to keep them clean even though they re organized .
for me that s a good thing .   and all the other switches feel pretty much the same .
we have been using it daily now for a few months ,  and we are very ,  very happy with it .
this product is great i get num_num hours of battery usage and can clip it anywhere .
will definitely purchase another one when the time comes .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
i ve used one of these for num_extend years ,  and am very happy with it .
i think this is for a different model but it works fine .
there s a fine line that you will learn !  i recommend this product .
everyone raved about them !  turns out ,  they were right too .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
i am very satisfied with this product and am very pleased that i decided to experiment and try it .
i just know that what is inside that jar is fresh .
i would find something that is just as stylish but more protective .
now that i know what i m doing ,  i love it .
clean up was a breeze . i will definitely be buying more products like this .
i have used it several times ,  am very satisfied with it and would recommend it to others .
i ve used it several times and love it every time .
there are only num_num of us so this is a great size with some left over . very sturdy .
just one more reason to get this product ! i have used this for a month ,  and i love it .
this is the best thing i could have done for my electric bill .
i don t have any problem with the jars ,  i find that they seal fine and i like the size .
perfect fit for my iphone num_num and this case is extremely sturdy .
a great product !  i ordered num_num more for my friends and to have a couple of extra ones .
based on my experience and what other reviewers are saying ,  that perfect placement is a rare occurrence .
this container has a good seal and i would purchase again .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
i m pleased with this purchase especially for the price .
i would really recommend this item if you are one of those who intuitive cookers .
these jugs are made of thick glass so they hold up very well ,  they hold num_num liters .
it took a while to receive them ,  but they were packaged well and are what i needed .
this product is well designed ,  and i would buy it again .
made of high grade plastic and will hold up for few years .
i recommend this to anyone who has an evo num_extend
recommend this to everyone !  i would give it num_num stars if i could .
you want the best ?  buy something like this and you will be happy .
also nice when someone else is in the car .
this product works so simple ,  and does a perfect jog of it .
we have had no problems with it and it continues to go strong .
this is the most stable treo i have ever owned .
i have found this brand to be the best .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
overall ,  i am very pleased with this product .
after num_num months of use ,  they re holding up well . very happy with this purchase .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
this one is good stay away from the other .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
this is by far the best juicer i ve ever tried .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
been looking for some good bluetooth headsets an i finally found a pair that i m happy with .
the sound quality was clear as day and night .
there is a nice golden sear out the outside which looks like something you d get in a restaurant .
i bought two of these ,  the price was great and they do what they re supposed to do .
i really loved these napkins but do wish that i had been able to buy more of them .
this have been one of my most fav phone i ever had .
very easy to change out the battery ,  too .
they worked great and lasted a long time with what they were put through .
i purchased one of these rice cookers from another vendor and i absolutely love it .
i thought about trying another that test kitchen recommended but i just really like this one .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
bought this for my bf since he likes to have his phone on a holster .
i have nothing but good things to say about this cleaner .
i ordered num_num of these and they are perfect for my needs .
i bought this because of all the good reviews after having read all the cautious reviews .
the igeek is the best way i have found to keep my phone charged and ready to use .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
i am more than happy with this product .
she loves that it covers the front of the phone besides the screen .
i have been using the bb curve for the last year ,  and this is a huge step up .
this was a great price and just what i expected .
these are definitely quality and meant to last .
but in fact the top is a number of separate pieces that snap together .
these bag clips are really well worth buying !  they are well made and strong .
battery life is very good and it recharges very quickly .
i have found this product to be for protecting my iphone num_extend
so much so that i will order yet another set of these too .
i also love that it is very easy to clean .
i purchased this krups waffle maker and have been very happy with it .
more than doubled my battery life and protects my phone also .
this is a well made product that i am expecting to use for some time to come .
because it s light in weight ,  it s also easy to turn inside out for cleaning .
also there is plenty of storage room underneath .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
it works great as long as you only put about num_num cups of stuff into it .
but it s been over num_num months and so far so good .
i ve been using simple mobile for about num_num years now ,  and love it ! these sim cards are great .
satisfied with this product and it was delivered on time .
i am not disappointed in the quality of the product .
if you drop your phone a lot get these they are great .
they did great in that area on this thing .
still giving num_num stars because its a really good deal .
this is my most used appliance !  enjoy many different types of rice with this cooker .
i have a blue version that s now num_num or so years old and still going strong .
i decided to keep this product because i love it ,  love it .
i agree with the ones that said this is the best bread knife in the usa .
i have owned the num_extend for num_num years and it still continues to impress me .
this cooker works well ,  especially when you want two or more cups of rice .
he has had this case for a good num_num months and its still holding up strong .
it does a fine job and is holding up very well .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
i have no doubt that this cleaver will outlast me ,  and that s worth num_num bucks .
i am using this with a raspberry pi and it works great .
this phone is a hidden gem fast dual core phone and just the right size for the hand .
i feel that this product is well worth the price tag .
they are great for the most part i am satisfied with this product .
ive used this screen num_num times now and they worked perfect .
i have to say i m very impressed with this case .
i am happy i spent the money on this product .
it does sort of look inexpensive and it is really small .
lodge has been making this stuff for a long time and they know what they are doing .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
soo easy to make homemade tortillas and it really doesn t take that long .
i gave a few to some friends and everyone loves them !  .
i love this along with my pink charging boxthis product does it s job no problemslove it would recommend it .
having the right knife for the right use is more important than you think .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i wouldn t necessarily say it s used often ,  but when it is ,  we are more than happy with the processor .
i have a feeling this kitchen gadget is going to last for years !  .
i have this one for about a year now .
this case works great with an iphone num_extend
made bacon and french toast this morning with great results .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
the lid is well designed and is very easy to pour  better than the old one  .
it does it well and looks just like the picture .
there s nothing  wrong  with these spoons ,  they re beautiful .
i have looked around to find a replacement for my old pan and finally found a reasonably priced one .
it still works as well now as it did when i first bought it !  .
this small thing has the best sound i have ever had with any of my bluetooth products .
this product looks good and stands up to normal wear and tear .
will most likely pick up a couple more .
it froths everything you throw at it !  it is easy to use and your done in around num_num seconds .
it s nice that it came with an extra battery .
it works great ! very satisfied with the quality of the dualit .
they always come ahead of time and they work great .
i would recommend this because it worked as it said .
you can even charge it while its in this case .
i purchased this item so that i could make homemade ,  fresh ,  healthy popcorn at home for my family .
this pan is very handy and i use it for many other things .
i love this case and will never be without it !  if you have an iphone you need this case !  .
i just read the instructions ahead of time and found all the pieces .
this did the job and the price was right .
i never change the screen protector on my phone and the screen still looks great .
there s others out there that are nicer ,  but this is great for the money spent .
i just love it ! i really do like the way this looks and i am very happy with my purchase .
i have had it for about num_num month now and i am very pleased with it .
i have been nothing but satisfied with this product .
besides that it is awesome !  with its two num_extend usb ports it is great for a car .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
i get perfect size each and every time .
loved the color scheme  !  !  this is the second case that i have ordered .
bought two of these because they work so great in my car .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
i find this grill just as easy to use .
at first glance ,  this seems like the perfect all in one pen device .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
i bought num_num of these i like them so much .
i ve tried this out on a couple of occasions now and i really like it .
i m very glad that i finally did . it has toasted like a champ for a year without any issues .
i bought two of these sets because i liked them so much .
i love this product !  if its fully charged i can fully charge my iphone num_num or num_num times .
this makes for a handle that is light ,  strong ,  comfy ,  and quite grippy ,  even when wet or greasy .
these have handles that are large enough to make that easy for me .
i would recommend buying this to all my friends .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
they work pretty good ,  like the way they save the screen from getting scratches on it .
i love this product and would definitely recommend this product .
this is a perfect and sleek little charger that i use as my main iphone charger now at home .
still very stylish and comfortable and easy to use with a quick charge of less than num_num hours .
i ordered num_num of them for each of our num_extend and they all work great .
i m happy to report that this headset delivers nicely in this area .
i would recommend this to anyone that likes to make their own yogurt cheese .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i like them in my kitchen for cooking as they are huge and sturdy .
not to mention that you can t beat the price for this kind of quality cookware .
i ordered num_num of these num_extend fans and boy are they big !  they work incredibly well .
these shakers look like they do in their advertisement;colorful and bright .
there are two different types of earpieces that slide on so you can customize your fit .
this is my third external charger and it is definitely the best .
if you treat your shun knife well ,  though ,  it will make cooking fun .
looks like they know what they are doing .
i would recommend this to anyone with a kitchenaid mixer .
i ve used it num_num times or so now and it is easy to use and clean .
the pans have made me a much better cook !  .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
this works so well i bought my son one for christmas .
we will definitely be using these pans on a regular basis .
now it works great it s limited to about num_extend feet on line of site and num_num through walls .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
however ,  i think this will be a great purchase .
this one is even better . i used to carry around a spare battery for my phones .
i also like that this one comes with num_num stoppers .
if you have an htc or nokia phone this is one high quality charger .
it fits very well with very little weight .
i bought this due to raves in the customer column and was not disappointed .
the trays are so much nicer than the ones that come with basic toaster ovens .
i would have the phone and the headset . i love the size of this phone .
but i get such good use out of it that i m more than willing to overlook that part .
i would highly recommend this product so far .
i love it and i have never gone wrong with this brand .
i have to give it five stars because it does what it clams and was a good price .
i got the rebate  the fastest rebate check i have ever received too !   .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
i think they will last a long time .
it is worth the bucks ,  and yes i will recomend this and yes i would buy it again .
i have used it constantly for the past num_num years ,  and i love it !  perfect egg whites every time .
french white is attractive enough to go with your best china and a much better value for the money .
i like these canisters and they are priced right .
well ,  since i found that i can buy them locally for the same price ,  or the arm and h .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
i am very happy with this product and will buy from them again .
do what they are supposed to ,  work well with my vacuum .
i m very impressed with this machine ,  but i ve only had it a week .
i bought this slicer about num_num years ago and it s the best slicer .
i would recommend this product so far so good .
i have some a year and a half old and still tastes great .
and the best thing ?  you can walk away while it is mixing to do something else .
not a perfect air proof vacuum seal ,  but still good enough .
i have purchased num_num of these knives so far and love everyone of them .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
the gf loves this one for her iphone num_extend
i purchased this for my num_extend phone and absolutely love it .
so far ,  after about num_num months of at least weekly use ,  this guy is still running like a champ .
it s one of those things that you ll really like .
i would recommend this product to anyone who has a cell phone .
i had this for several years ,  and it has stood up great over time .
i have used this twice so far ,  and it is super easy and no mess .
would recommend to anyone who uses their phone enough to need charging more than once a day .
this is a very nice product at an exceptional price .
bought this for my bf since he likes to have his phone on a holster .
works well for popcorn and that s what i bought it for .
overall ,  very pleased with quality and functionality of product .
i thought this would be a good time saver and i am not disappointed .
i ordered the presto pro from amazon and two days later i discovered the ease of knife sharpening .
it was very easy to put on and you cant even tell the phone has it on .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a new kettle .
recommend as a cheap and good quality product .
bought this september num_num num_num and it is still working perfectly .
they lock closed for storage ,  which is also a very nice feature .
this is one good thing in a billion of garbage .
i even used them to refresh my curtains !  cleaning kitchen cabinets is a breeze with this machine .
these charger hold up better than any other car charger you can get for this price .
these batteries last long ,  and the price on the is amazing .
after all ,  this has a very sharp blade that has no problems slicing through tough carrots .
this is way better than the other holders .
when frozen overnight ,  this bowl makes ice cream in about num_num minutes ,  and does it well .
i love this screen protector for my iphone .
this was a birthday gift to one of my granddaughters .
i recently bought this juicer after reading great reviews here ,  and i am not disappointed .
what can i say ,  this product works great .
i ve been using this product as directed and it has kept my cutting board like new .
this thermometer works really well and hangs from the shelf where it is out of the way .
i also like the fact that i could get all of one size .
i will surely do business with this company again !  .
my fiance loves this product for in his work van .
i think you will be back looking at this one .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
since then we have been loyal to the henckel brand and have several sizes .
they are well made and have a nice feel to them .
that is the only thing that would make it absolutely perfect !  .
i have seen others with swing out baskets that also work well .
just make sure you get a good price .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
this product makes it much safer to drive .
i bought this because of the handle and i love it .
this has to be one of the best cases that i have ever had .
they are excellent for sticky substances and they clean up easily .
i have been using this slicer a good bit now .
if you looking for a decent purifier ,  i would recommend this one .
oxo products are usually great and this one does the job !  .
i am very happy with this particular thermometer .
i know a lot of people are complaining about this set ,  but i actually like it .
my espresso maker has a plastic tamper attached ,  but this one is just superior to that .
other than that ,  the price is fine for what it does .
i am very happy with them and was very glad they were usa made .
i have now found that it is so much more than just a bench scraper .
i like this saucepan because of the design .
purchased this from amazon and received it very quickly with the free shipping offer .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
got some that night if you know what i mean .
it s easy to clean in the dishwasher and after num_num months seems as good as new .
this is one of those products that will probably outlast you .
i have recently upgraded to stainless steel in my kitchen and i love this spoon rest .
these screen protectors are th best i ve ever put on my iphone .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
seasoning is a little more difficult with the corn kernel indentations ,  but it s worth it .
the sound quality is very good . on the downside ,  it s loose in the ear .
i read all the other reviews and pretty much agree .
be careful with the product and you ll love it .
this thing is solid !  !  great pan which am sure will last me for many years .
however ,  i think this will be a great purchase .
this braun served me well for num_num years .
i like that they fold up ,  and come with a nice little case for you to keep them in .
call quality has been much better than any other brand i have tried .
the main thing is that it gets me through the day .
it is a quality product ,  very well made with all the features one could want .
i ve had my popper about num_num years rightn now ,  and this thing still works great .
i put it in the bedroom ,  set fan on high ,  and a couple hours later ,  the room smelled great .
even though these clips are small ,  they are really sturdy .
these are dishwasher safe ,  are a set of three very useful sizes and were inexpensive .
the plastic one is just fine . we had a lot of fun with this and are glad we have it .
this product does its job with no surprises .
this case is great ,  nice tight fit ,  and easy to hold onto .
it cleans up really well just rinsing under water after use .
they are the best i have ever bought .
it works great during the winter months ,  when its too cold to grill outside .
bought this device to go with my new phone and received it for a great price as well .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
the sheet that came with it is very soft .
the coffee really does taste as good as it smells .
this costs more than most toaster ovens ,  but it is well worth the money .
i have had two of these for years and just purchased some more becuase i like them so much .
i have no problem with that and i m very happy with the case .
i love having a phone that i can just swap out the batteries when needed .
i am happy with the pot ,  but haven t been as impressed with this line of cuisinart cookware .
i have purchased three of these covers and they save a lot of clean up .
i must admit this is a good product .
i am absolutely in love with this pot .
it was kind of surprising how big this coffee maker is .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
the panels are really pretty and much nicer than boring plane ones .
i love that it came with a car charger .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
this product works just fine and does what it is supposed to do .
they only thing is that it is hard to get off sometimes but other than that i love it .
sometimes that seems like forever but it s pretty seamless .
this is a super peeler !  very happy with this purchase !  .
for what i paid for it ,  it s a great value .
i don t have a lot of problems with it ,  if at all ,  and am pretty happy with the purchase !  .
the cord is short ,  as others have mentioned ,  but an extension cord is an easy fix .
i have had mine for more than num_num years now and i really like it .
didn t have anything to lose so i bought it ,  and it has really surprised me .
very comfortable in the hands but it gets tiring after a while .
this product does what it is suppose to !  i recommend this product .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
they arrived before the wedding; so we were able to use them .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
but i have been very happy with it .
i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to protect something that cost you a lot of money .
i would recommend this especially for the low price .
they fit just like the oem ,  they come with a charger .
this is a very sturdy case and protects the iphone very well .
i chose num_num stars because this product is very sturdy ,  great design .
i love this product and would highly recommend it .
after num_num years of light use ,  it s still working as well as the day i purchased it .
looks sleek ,  well made and last for a long time .
along with the chocolate color ,  i like this stylus .
you will get nice evenly sliced pieces with this product .
i bought this and have had it for quite a while ,  and am very pleased with it .
but after fiddling with the alignment of the blade it worked great .
this one is identical to the original and stays charged all day !  great purchase !  bought from seller num_extend
so easy to clean that i m making more ice cream than ever before .
got to have these for the popper to work .
this product is just amazing ,  and i would buy again .
i have tried several other bacon grill presses and this one works the best .
this is one of the better sets that we have used .
kitchenaid has great customer service and now i have the new redesigned model free of charge .
it squishes garlic and it does it very , very well .
i am in heaven  !  !  !  !  !  num_num years old and i don t have to slice and dice anymore .
i found it tolerable to wear with glasses on a num_num minute drive .
this product is a great battery case that provides constant charge to my num_extend
love this bag and will probably buy more .
bought this product for a friend and she is still using the same piece .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
i have fallen in love with this case .
i just got this thing and let me tell you somethin .
they look great but would likethem to have a bit more holding power .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
this is a well made product that i am expecting to use for some time to come .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
callers tell me that they can hear me very well .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
yes the left and right chords are a different length but it works great .
i would absolutely recommend this yogurt maker and would purchase again .
so if you are going to order a case this is the one you need !  !  .
i am so pleased with it ,  that i thought i would come review it .
i bought this coffee maker over five years ago and it s still going strong .
i noticed the difference in the flavor of my coffee right away with this .
i tried fancier ones before i made it to this one ,  but this one wins .
i agree with the reviewer who likes this pan better than the george foreman grill .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
i would recommend ,  but keep in mind this is a big cheese tray .
they are the best quality knives that we have ever owned .
easy to install ,  up and running in less than num_num mins !  !  !  .
i haven t used this one ,  but it seems to have pretty good reviews .
but this battery definitely does help with the phone life now .
coffee comes out tasting stronger and better than drip .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
this is the only product that i buy which is us made since really ,  it is that good .
after reading many reviews ,  i bought this one locally .
also got a hose adapter from ebay for doing batch sealing easier .
i bought this in num_num and it has done its job admirably for the past num_num years .
i purchased these around a year and a half ago ,  and have been very pleased .
i really like this pitcher because you can seal it shut with ease .
this is very useful for making greek yogurt .
i have quite a few oxo products and have always been pleased with them .
this is a really good way to keep home made bread .
it s perfect for our little antique school desk which is about num_num inches high .
you won t be disappointed with the quality ,  power or its sleek look .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
they have told all there friends about them .
gotta love something that lasts nearly num_num years  :   .
i have used this several times now and am pleased with it .
other than that ,  i am quite happy with this purchase .
i got this and was able to put it together within num_num hours .
these seem to be just as high quality as the original .
it is a great accessory for a phone that is more hungry than it should .
as the other reviewers have said this thing does do a great job making hot coco .
my wife and i have had these phones for a little over a week now and we love them .
worth every cent ,  just like all of their stainless steel products .
i would definitely buy more from this company .
i generally like zyliss products and added this one to my kitchen .
we love salad and have been using our oxo salad spinner for over num_num years .
this is very easy to hold veggie brush .
we find most of our batters work best between num_num and num_extend
this stand was well worth the less than two dollars i paid for it .
i also use them to charge num_extend glasses !  !  !  they are good work horses !  .
i actually like the blue light ,  unlike what some other people have said .
recommend this item for anyone who bakes routinely .
just what i wanted . very pleased with the set .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
this is one of the best tea travel cups i have purchased .
i now have two sets of these !  i love it because i can cook with the containers .
it turns out cuisinart makes a pretty good $ coffee mill ,  which is much quieter to use .
they re not air tight but the fit well ,  convenient for keeping ingredients from drying out while baking .
i used this pan for the first time last night and it is simply great .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
will never buy another brand for my phone again !  !  very happy with this product .
so there is a lot of room inside this cooker .
it got to me within good time which is why i would use this company again .
bento comes with a set of chopsticks which come in handy if you are a seasoned chopstick user .
this is my second one of these and they re terrific .
i got this set about num_num years ago and we just love them .
but the price was reasonable ,  even with the extra shipping charge ,  and it is attractive .
love lodge products and this was no exception .
however ,  i have found that to be true with most cuisinart products .
this products works well ,  i love the dual usb ports .
first impression is how well made they are .
i have actually ordered a few of these cases in different colors ,  and i am very pleased .
very happy with this product ,  which cleans up like a snap !  .
i would definitely buy from this vendor again .
when this product appeared in my gold box ,  i bought it immediately . it is amazing .
definitely recommend to others for iphone num_num or num_extend
this set is sturdy and has lasted me num_num years .
i just love my morning coffee with this thing .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
since i carry the phone in my front pocket the size does make a difference .
would recommend this product and would send it to someone as a wedding gift if requested .
the quality seems consistent with the farberware brand .
i give this product five stars because of how fun it looks .
as other reviewers have stated ,  the bowls work well for many different mixing and serving purposes .
knowing this has helped a lot !  we have better results now that we know .
very good quality !  this is the num_extend time i purchased this exact case after my evo was stolen .
i can only say great things about it .
i ve used it about num_num times and it works like a charm .
i have to start by saying i love anker products .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
we have used this alot .  .  . have purchased before and so happy to have another one .
very good price as compared to other models .
that s actually one thing that i like about the new trent arcadia stylus .
easy to pair with samsung galaxy num_extend sound quality is good .
i bought an entire set and was very happy with them for a long time .
i am very pleased with this coffee maker .
i use this pot a lot ,  so it was well worth the purchase price .
its a pretty great set for the price though and they work well .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
this case is perfect for the iphone num_extend
you will surely be happy should you choose to purchase this item .
both work equally well after using for num_num days .
my mom s num_num year machine still works great ,  so i knew i wanted to get a kitchenaid .
definitely worth the money i paid for it .
i bought this a few years ago and it s still grinding beans well .
i have been using the bb curve for the last year ,  and this is a huge step up .
if you want a great kitchen tool for flattening meat ,  you won t be disappointed if you choose this one .
i swear buy these ,  and will definitely be buying more in the future .
this is an all around good value for your money .
this brita water filter picture came very well packed .
i would order them again but believe they will last quite some time .
i can really say enough about this phone .
however it is working very well other than that .
i purchased this as a store display for a very good price .
it is worth the bucks ,  and yes i will recomend this and yes i would buy it again .
they have become my favorite type and hold up well over time .
it worked so well that i purchased num_num more just like it here on amazon .
i ve had these for about num_num weeks and have been quite pleased with them .
great size for about num_num knives ,  scissors and a steel .
this fits perfectly with my num_num year old num_extend
the blades are sharp enough to work butter into the flour very well .
if i still had the phone i would have bought more !  no complaints ,  good product .
after about a dozen uses ,  mine is still intact .
its nice heavy weight great to cook with and you can tell it will last forever .
i had never owned an anolon product before ,  but it will be my brand of choice in the future .
called several times as i thought of things . i have been very pleased at ease of use .
i was actually surprise that it came with the cord as well .
that said ,  the sound quality is fine for my use and it serves me well on the road .
lights up to let you know it s actually working or connected to a power source .
plus it lights up blue ,  which i really like .
i use a juicer several times a week and this jug is great .
nothing special about this product ,  but the seller shipped it fast and at a good price .
i bought this case for my bf because he loves red and needed a new case .
i d recommend this product if you have this phone .
that is how much i love this product .
i got it num_num days after i ordered it and it s really good .
i have used these to share bulk spices with loved ones .
these shears will cut anything and are very sturdy .
i ve been very pleased with this wall charger .
took num_num orders before i got one that was not defective but it was worth the wait .
so far i m really happy with my new mixer .
after reading reviews i ordered this mandoline which has turned out to be a very good purchase .
looking for a simple ,  easy to use phone ,  get this one !  .
i would recommend this to anyone with a tablet .
after much research i decided on this wonderful little tool .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
i also love the thermal carafe it keeps my coffee hot for more than num_num hours .
this handy tool is so easy to use i will never go without one again .
i bought this pan because of the great reviews on amazon ,  and i am very happy with it .
it is clean ,  complete ,  and does what it is supposed to do without a glitch the first time .
this is one sharp knife ,  right out of the package .
this product works great and cleans up easily .
but make sure to get the one that fits your pan .
very satisfied and this product i neen usimg onmy cell for a couple months and stilll like new .
i have several otterbox defenders for our phones and we love them !  .
it s just that great of a price point !  .
i haven t found another case that works well when sliding open the keyboard like this one .
but it s like a car ,  treat it right it will last longer .
the best part is that i have num_num of them .
we bought it right away ,  and have not been disappointed .
make sure you do both side and go in perpendicular directions and you ll be happy with the results .
it actually takes a bit more than num_num cups of milk ,  which is great .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
this helps voice recognition a lot ,  and i ve been doing things this way for voice command for num_extend
if you drink it black with a little sugar ,  the flavor is wonderfully robust .
takes only num_num minutes to make them just right for us .
this was probably the most comfortable bluetooth headset i have ever tried .
coffee maker  got it as a gift over num_num years ago  .
it s good white noise that drowns out all the noises coming in from outside .
i have had it for about num_num month now and i am very pleased with it .
it s one of those rare items that actually gives you value for your money .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
cuisinart is an outstanding company and stands behind their products like none other .
the sound quality is pretty good with little distortion .
the following things are true about the num_extend
the first time i used this i loved it .
another great thing about it is the size of the juice container .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
the price has increased over these many years ,  but i m just happy they are still being sold somewhere !  .
i am not a coffee snob ,  but i do like a good ,  fast cup of coffee .
however ,  i can tell you that it is great for what i num_extend
best of all i don t have to struggle with each hook every single day .
i purchased this unit after reading consistently positive reviews ,  and got a killer price for an open box unit .
i bought num_num sets and they are great ,  simple to setup and use .
you wont be disappointed with any pyrex products !  i hope my review helps you .
after more than one month ,  it looks great ,  better than new .
a storage bag is so convenient to keep the lines from getting everywhere .
the other corelle materials i have are still in great shape after num_num years of use .
the colors are even brighter than the online photos that is more like paisley than fish .
the best part is that i have num_num of them .
so far we are very happy with this product .
overall i like these headphones so far ,  though i ve only had them two days .
love it when you can have multiply use for one great product .
i purchased this at a huge discount during a one day sale .
we have other pots like this and they are just as good .
it is very well made and didn t cost too much .
i have ordered other products from them and i m happier every time .
this is one good looking case too ,  so extra bonus .
i gave this num_num stars because it is a nice and comfortable headphone .
nothing wrong with the case at all !  protects the phone and looks great .
so we ve had this for num_num years now and i m happy to say we have no complaints .
the feel of this product is really solid .
i ve got a hard screen protector on the phone too and it fits fine with that too .
i ve been using this brewer for over a month and love it .
i have replaced the battery ,  with the thicker one ,  it still works .
if you re a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product .
this is the num_extend lodge logic brand cast iron pan i have bought and i love them all .
but i would definitely purchase this screen protector again !  !  !  highly recommended !  .
my rating for this product is at a solid num_extend
this thing will help you save time preping garlic .
i am very happy with the quality of this knife .
though ,  out of all the headsets i ve tried ,  this is the most comfortable and secure .
i also love that it doesn t have holes on the sides .
have been using these glasses for about a month ,  and am enjoying them .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
this is by far the best bluetooth i have ever owned ,  i would recommend this device to all .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
this case is a must have for anyone with an iphone .
i love this line of graters ,  and will now buy nothing else .
compared to other grinders i have owned this is the best overall .
i would easily say that it works better than the oem battery that came with the phone .
i love these cutting boards .  .  . they are great for daily usage .
i m not one to write reviews but i enjoy peeling with this peeler .
also ,  the holster secures the phone very well .
num_num paper cone filters and trader joe s seems to have the best price .
i needed an attachment that would help keep flying sawdust to a minimum ,  and this one did the trick .
having wasted my money on num_num previous pieces of junk ,  i am very impressed with this lux product .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
received one of these num_num years ago as a gift .
i hated the phone but i got great battery life with the extra batteries i got with this product .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it is comfortable in the hand and can handle any size can with little to no effort .
i have always had good luck with this brand and am not disappointed .
i like is so much ,  i just bought another one for my mom .
i ve never had any problems with this waffle maker ,  and i would recommend it to anyone that loves waffles !  .
this is the best coffee maker that i have ever used .
just as stated in other reviews ,  easy to use and i can use my own olive oil .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
love how it works with my iphone num_extend
but other than that ,  i love this thing .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
i like and it will hold just about every phone .
i really like the fact that really works so well . kris .
i got this kit so i could have a tip large enough for eclairs .
but other than that gets the job done .
easy to clean and seem that they will last a lifetime .
if you can put up with those issues ,  then this phone will work well for you . some other notes .
i m sure that this would work great in the oven too !  .
my first set is about num_num years old and looks as good as my num_extend set .
yes ,  it s heavy and that is a good thing .
this coffee maker is the best value for the money and makes the best coffee  and hot too !   .
all in all ,  i like it and intend to keep on using it .
it is very handy being that i have no drawers in the bathroom .
this was very thought out and well worth buying .
this is the first coffee grinder that i have ever purchased and i am extremely pleased .
i ve had this maker for about num_num years ,  and the love is still strong .
the belts are quite durable as we had the last one for num_num years .
based on other reviews ,  i purchased from cellular num_num star ,  and i was very pleased .
i have been using them for a while now and they protect great .
this pitcher has turned out to be better than the reviews i read .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
so beautiful !  i didn t have any trouble with the cake sticking; it just slipped right out .
we got this as a gift num_num years ago .
this is easy to use and powerful enough to do anything with .
case fits my galaxy num_extend like a glove !  !  !  .
i ve ordered multiples of these ,  and they all fit my num_extend perfectly .
my friend could hear me very clearly and i could hear her as well .
i bought two sets to fit num_num coasters on .  .  . love them !  .
this is one of my favorite purchases from amazon .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
i ve used this glass cutting board for num_num months or longer and it s perfect .
they worked perfectly with my samsung galaxy siii .
these guys got it right and there is no need to buy any other cutting board .
it is smooth to the touch with rubber at the corners and around the face .
i put this strainer to work right away and found the quality very good .
i bought it num_num years ago and it still works .
just received this and first impression is a good one .
i have no problem with that and i m very happy with the case .
great product for a great price ,  not like other cheap products .
i have used this salad spinner for about num_num years and really like it .
these are wilton s basic white baking cups and overall they were a very good value .
but it is something that i will use for quite some time .
i love being able to use this machine to make popcorn without using oil !  healthy ,  fast and great .
i highly recommend this cheap backup battery charger .
you have to coat it well so that the cake demolds without issue .
first time i used this product ,  but rugged and easy to use .
it is very sturdy and i don t think it would break easily .
i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
i don t really open that many bottles ,  though ,  so i feel sure this will be perfect for me .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
this is one of the wisest purchases i ve ever made .
i thought this would make a great gift for someone without that feature and i was right .
i highly recommend this product ,  and will probably buy several as gifts .
i am very pleased with this purchase from amazon .
i m happy i did because i use this pot all the time now .
got this for my son t nokia s num_num and works fine with an igo charger anywhere unit .
at first ,  i was very impressed with this screen protector .
for the price i was really impressed i would recommend them to anyone .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
these will be nice on long plane trips because they are lightweight and comfortable .
it s perfect for our little antique school desk which is about num_num inches high .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
i still can t believe that such things are available and that they do such a great job .
i followed her directions and all of mine have sealed every single time .
we have num_num citrus trees and this juicer works great .
i d recommended it even though its a couple bucks more expensive than the cheapest option .
looking at models that were less than $ i found this one to be highly recommended .
really happy with this item i have nothing to complain about .
pairing this with my phone was also a breeze .
much better and sturdier than the other after market ones i have purchased in the past .
love them so much i actually purchased several sets of them after i found out how well they work .
i would love to have it in every color !  .
great for a valentines day or just win your girl over with this breakfast .
i contacted amazon and they were very good to work with and shipped me another set .
other than that ,  i am really pleased with this purchase .
other than the nicks ,  they look like perfect condition .
i will be buying this again for her .
well ,  i have to say we like this griddle .
i have nothing but great things to say about this purchase .
i also really like the horizontal full loaf pan .
i would rather have smaller holes or none at all ,  but so far ,  so good .
i ve had this product for several year now and it still works very well .
a year after purchasing this ,  however ,  i find that it still works perfectly for me .
i have to say i am very surprised at how often we use these .
you also can t help rubbing the case because they re so smooth when you touch them .
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months .
love it !  i m sure it would be great for tomatoes and other stuff as well .
this is the best filter i have ever used .
i have had two other food processors and this one is better by far in every way .
we have owned this product for over a year and use it several times a week .
should have gotten this a long time ago !  !  !  you will really love it ,  too !  .
received this item within num_num days and it works great .
i have tried other headsets and at last got a true num_extend
i have a pair of the motorola num_extend and i like these much better .
this is a really good device ,  and it comes with an extra hook ,  and different size earbuds .
this spoon is way bigger than i expected .
it also pops the inexpensive popcorn very well .
this is is probably the best cell phone holster that i have purchased .
the fan gets num_num stars because it is a great little fan .
i am satisfied with this purchase at this price .
this thing is so useful i actually got num_extend
this means that most any phone will work in this mount .
this machine is well worth buying ,  i will not buy anything else but one of these again .
overall ,  i m pleased with this product because it does what it s supposed to do .
i like this one because it has a usb cord and you can just plug it in your computer .
this cooker works well ,  especially when you want two or more cups of rice .
they work great on both the iphone num_num and num_extend
i would recommend this for anyone buying the extended battery .
it does make very good coffee and it has a lot of nice features .
i had a dock that came with my switcheasy case ,  which made docking secure and safe .
my bread turns out great every time with this mixer .
i have had it for well over num_num months now and its still holding up  :   .
very sleek ,  slim ,  water proof and shock proof .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
would recommend this buy to anyone with this phone .
i also like that when i need to melt butter i can use them on our stovetop .
i purchased this because i love the look of yesteryear when things were designed to be elegant and functional .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i have used it three times and each time like it more .
after more than two years ,  they look new .
i bought this one for my so for christmas because he was so impressed with my anker num_extend
i loved this device so much ,  that i purchased num_extend
sim card is working fine so i would say this is a good product .
so much easier to just set your phone down and charge it .
she loved it !  it s easy to use and the food coloring just makes baking more fun .
i ve had this waffle maker for num_num years and it works just fine for me .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
overall this is a great case and does exactly what it claims to .
i bought them some time ago and the screen still good .
they are a great company that takes good care of their customers .
it s well made ,  marked properly and  for those that know what they re doing  it seems perfect .
the stylus works really well ,  much better than a cheaper product i tried .
this is probably one of the best values we have ever bought .
but other than that ,  i love this thing .
i ve had this set of num_num mugs for num_num years and they are excellent and still have no defects .
i have used this pot almost every day since i got it .
this pizza cutter is sharp enough to cut through pizza easily .
i feel it gives me more control over what i am doing .
this is sturdy ,  works well and is well designed .
my first and still our favorite is the maple syrup ice cream with pecans .
i can turn it on ,  and that s about it . the phone feels solid ,  and it is small .
this thing is a hit with my family .
look on amazon and got this one for more than half of the price .
very happy with the product and i will buy this product again .
she loved it she had never even seen something like that .
i really like this case when i first got it .
we just received this in as a gift for a relative and we re very happy with it .
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
excellently made and much better than the cheap ones that you get in any store for half the cost .
as with all of my other shun knives ,  this one is extremely sharp and it s relatively light .
i would recommend this brand for this phone or any other phone they make them for .
i am so glad that i purchased this .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
i ve gone through three in the past two years and this is by far the best .
i have used similar items like these in the past and they work good .
i wanted some like those to give as gifts ,  and i m very pleased with these .
if you have a great quality tablet this will work .
very stylish ,  i have received compliments on the phone case .
he says they are pretty good quality and would order them again .
i have made yogurt off an on since the num_extend and this makes it easier .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
this product does what it is designed to do .
got some that night if you know what i mean .
this cute case fits perfect for the iphone num_extend and offer a good protection .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i would recommend this product to anyone who has a cell phone .
i thought the price was good at the time i purchased it .
this kettle is the best !  it takes about num_num minutes to heat up the full amount of water  approx .
this was a great buy ,  i am satisfied with this product .
i have used it everyday since i received it .
have used it probably num_num times so far and love it .
this is probably the best case you can buy for the price .
i love these cases .  .  . i ve now had num_num because i am a little rough on them .
they are the best ,  which you can tell from all the num_num star reviews .
in my opinion ,  this is the best cookware for your money .
i purchased this at a steal and the seller shipped right away !  .
the manufacture date was marked as num_num months prior to when i received it ,  so still  fresh  .
it is a good value for the price . background :  i have had a rival steamer for about num_num years .
i love that this grinder was easy to install and use .
they are very durable and they last a very long time ,  if you take care of them .
i wish i could shrink it back ,  it s so cute !  .
i have num_num of these and they work very well .
easy to use and the price is right .  .  . you can t go wrong with this product .
i actually use this much more than i thought i would .  .  . the kids love them !  .
the carafe keeps coffee at a good temperature for up to num_num hours .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i m happy with this product because i saved money .
would recommend this item to all tea drinkers !  .
this item is very easy to use and give a pretty good picture .
i safe so much money during college by using this product .
this company has always provided my family and i with quality accessories .
this item is just as described ,  and works right out of the box .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
i have done it with other older lodge logic products and still love them all .
this product was completely worth the money spent !  .
i think it will last a long time .
i love this phone case out of all the cases ive bought this one is my favorite .
i bought this one on amazon and am very happy with it .
i bought this along with the triple minute lg num_extend phone and i am really pleased with both .
i have owned this bread maker for num_num years and really love it .
this do is absolutely perfect and extremely versatile .
bought this pressure cooker after reading so many reviews about how good it is .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
helped with the fit for my ear and they were very comfortable .
i was also concerned that this pan would seem small ,  but it is nicely sized and attractive .
it goes well with many of the other colors in this line of dinnerware .
i have read that pressure cooking retains more nutrients in the food than any other type of cooking .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
they have saved me a lot of space that i can nowuse in my cupboard not so cluttered .
just got this new nonstick griddle and am so happy with how well it works with the stovetop .
i would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them .
even after sitting in the pot for an hour ,  the coffee still tastes fresh .
i think i will order another for myself !  .
it does this very well ,  and easily washed  by hand  .
i m not one to write reviews but i enjoy peeling with this peeler .
it is a sturdy pan that will last long .
i think i m going to love this roaster for the next num_num years .
for a inexpensive chopping board ,  this product is just fine .
i bought this for my daughter for christmas and she loves it .
my son told me about this mug and he can t say enough good things about it .
this ,  however ,  was a great buy !  it works like it s brand new .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
i liked this so much i bought another one as a gift .
this phone case is so cute and shiny .
i bought this product so i could try some fun flavors to make at home .
i have tried many other types of tongs ,  and these are by far my favorite .
this case is a much better quality product .
i bought this one based on the good reviews .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
i got this for my num_num year old mother .
it s also a good idea to read permissions . a lot of people have battery drain issues with this phone .
i also love that i can just plug my gps into the usb port on this charger .
i would recommend this product based on our experience .
i like this product and would buy another one in the future .
you will find yourself using it more than you had realized .
this is great on my great big dining room table .
i like this one ,  because you can set it for a more than one or two hours .
i got about num_num months out of the cover ,  they go on easy and nicely too .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
i have admired this kettle since i first saw it in the num_extend
and they were so powerful and light that even hotels used them .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
that s a good thing because that makes it easier to apply without bubbles .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
there is something about glass that is simply cleaner .
very simple to fix flaw in otherwise great product .
i still have my miu num_num quart and love it .
since then we have been loyal to the henckel brand and have several sizes .
this is the best case i have ever head for my phone .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i will definitely buy this product again when i need to replace these .
it is very light weight ,  sits securely on my ear and can be worn for long periods of time .
i have nearly all the tools they make and i like them all .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
this product is great .  .  . and i now have num_num of them .
after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean .
they are going to last a long time !  .
i contacted armoursuit and they told me just what to do and it worked perfectly .
great idea !  this thing is made quite solidly ,  super easy to put together and adjust to suit your needs .
this cover fits both the num_num and num_extend
i don t know why people pay for something they can buy much cheaper and that works just as good .
it was definitely worth the few dollars ,  i give this num_num stars .
if you are looking for a quality bluetooth for nothing more than phone calls than this one is great .
i love this product !  works perfect for my iphone num_extend
all in all ,  exactly what i was looking for ,  and i really like them .
the set is so simple ,  sleek and classy that i think it would look good anywhere .
i have used several different batters in this mold and they have all turned out great .
i don t have any issues with the fit and so far it has worked well .
all the functions of the phone work well and battery holds a good charge .
this camera has so much potential and it can overtaken gopro anytime of days .
these protectors are very nice and cover the entire screen .
i really wanted to love this ,  but am mixed . i love the greater capacity .
this is the best vacuum you will ever ,  ever buy .
i will be buying this again for her .
i am so happy with my purchase ,  and will definitely be using this pan again .
i bought this one because of the removable plates .
if you have an iphone ,  this accessory is a must have !  .
its the best belt clip case i have used so for .
this is the best indoor grill i have ever had .
i also like that they don t stain when i store tomato sauce in them .
i ordered this item because i had limited funds for decorating my homes and it is beautiful .
it does work well after breaking it in .
i have made sauces of all kinds and have been very satisfied with the results .
they are by far the most useful bowls i have ever encountered .
this was actually a very pleasant surprise ,  as i think it looks even more  expensive  with this touch .
i gave a few to some friends and everyone loves them !  .
after num_num years with this cooker ,  used probably once a week average it has been great .
the sound quality is the best of any bluetooth headset i have ever owned .
when i upgraded my phone i ordered another and it fit great on that phone too .
i loved this bluetooth ,  i still own it and would purchase it again with no problem .
but this offer is cheap and the product is just great .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
purchased this product for my son who works in a loud environment and works out all the time .
this brand came highly recommended and the price here was better .
so far i am very pleased with this product and feel i made the right choice .
it slices foods much faster than i can by hand .
there s something about the ear hook s texture that is exactly what the human ear needs .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
works well been using them for about num_num years now .
i highly recommend this otterbox product as they are definitely quality products .
i hope this helps you make your decision .
i ve had this blender for about num_num months now and have been very pleased .
bought this for my mom for a just because present .
i ve bought num_num of theses sealers and they work perfectly for champagne bottles .
great value ,  about % less than what palm was selling it for .
great for the kitchen and $ sturdy product that could easily hold a hammer it is so strong .
still running strong after num_num years and juice a ton .
overall i m quite pleased with the purchase and would recommend these to any runner ,  especially for the price .
i always love the extra hold part that comes with it as well .
highly recommend this product to anyone who uses iphone num_extend
even though this is an older model ,  it is fun to use and works well .
these cases are definitely worth the money ,  as they will save you money by keeping your phone from breaking .
i would buy this product again and recommend it to others .
i like and use it so much that i have started giving it as a gift item .
like alot of others have said ,  this product is awesome .
i have had it about num_num months and it works great .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i ve had this one almost num_num years and it s still sharp as the day i got it .
this one is exactly the same size and works perfectly in the space we have .
after about num_num months of use i am still very happy with this rack !  .
i recommend this phone ,  that s why i wrote this review .
this is literally the best chef knife i have ever used .
we ve been using these for over ten years and they are just as good as new .
it is been num_num weeks now and i am quite happy with the head set .
now ,  i ve tried these ,  and they re very good .
over all ,  i think this is a worthwhile purchase .
aside from that ,  the knives are stylish and sleek but are smaller and lighter than i expected .
the magnets on this are strong enough to hold probably any towel up .
there is a difference in quality and preformance between the under $ ones and this one .
my old board didn t have these features so i m real happy with this one .
i have no complaints so far . i recommend this product .
this is a very good charger to keep for travel and as a back up in your house .
would recommend to anyone looking for an easy way to get more life out of your iphone .
i did and it came out perfectly fine !  i would recommend this machine .
i just hope it keeps working for years to come .
even if it last half as long i will be thrilled .
they are a turkish company that makes fine leather cases .
the pan is heavy and very high quality .
great product like all the other otterbox products i have .
i love this thing cause i can charge my iphone and ipad at the same time .
they are easy to clean if you know what you are doing .
this case really does live up to the advertising .
it s obvious they make quality cases and are built to last after your phone takes many plunges .
nice and big ,  make sure to have a very large surface stovetop .
it fits well even though i have glasses num_extend
i have now tried three different models ,  and this is the best so far .
it is very sharp out of the box ,  and after num_num months of use it is still going strong .
this case fits well and looks very good .
i would have given it a num_num or num_num for that reason ,  but customer service was fantastic .
it seems hard to get excited about a spatula ,  but this is a great product .
this is the best corkscrew we have ever used .
this product was a great price and works well with my ipad .
but they get the job done . added bonus is that they come with a sheath type case .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
as other reviewers have pointed out ,  the thin construction of this popper is the key to it s great results .
this fits perfectly with my num_num year old num_extend
i have other more expensive pans but this one is better all the way around .
otherwise ,  other than the fact that it s not num_extend it s great .
it works great and you can t go wrong with this .
i purchased these around a year and a half ago ,  and have been very pleased .
pairing is flawless ,  and as others have noted ,  the signal is very strong .
i like this item better than other burger presses that i have used .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
got this for the wife s new verizon iphone num_num and and she s very pleased with it .
this pillow has been more help than anything else i ve tried .
we have been using this for over a year now and it s just like new .
i followed the directions and was very pleased with the outcome .
buy two because you will really like them .
there is something about this that makes it actually fun to vacuum with .
it is hard to find a fry pan with a lid but that is exactly what i got .
these cable are awesome ,  they work great for my ipod touch .
buy and have fun if you are into this sort of thing !  .
this will last a long time and continue to perform very well .
i purchased this headset about num_num weeks ago and so far i really like it .
i love this product because it s not big ,  and it is sturdy .
but the num_num inch does does a good job .
makes cleaning easy and wouldn t even consider trying to run one without it .
the quality of this product is great ,  it may not be as cheap as others ,  but its worth it .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
i would buy any glass from this brand as it is quality glass !  .
i also like that the case protects the  home button  .
this unit really feels like a long term sturdy solution .
they get daily use and have been holding up very well .
works just as good as battery that came with ohone .
he loves it and it is durable enough ti keep the phine from gettung damaged when dropped .
i love it !  i wish amazon would bring in more of the magic line into the website .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i think they should offer it with a glass top for the price .
i could not be more pleased with this product .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks and it fits great .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
i have had this phone for just over num_num weeks and i love it .
first thing i noticed out of the box was that build quality is excellent .
they re made of stainless steel and of good quality .
i would recommend this to anyone with a tablet .
this is a very good product ,  quality is good .
i ve just received them and have only used them a couple times so far ,  but the improvement is noticeable .
i wanted something large enough for the big pans and this does that .
i don t think you want this button changed easily anyway . in short ,  i am very happy with this product .
then i got this matfer thing and it is absolutely incredible .
this set would make a great housewarming or shower gift ,  as well as a good addition to any kitchen .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
this a great product for the car on the go .
this one is good stay away from the other .
it has been num_num weeks and i love these batteries and after num_num months ,  i now love my epic .
it only comes with one permanently mounted screen ,  but it is perfect for mashed potatoes .
that being said they work great when cooking .
i have used them for over a year now and all of them are still working great !  .
it fit my phone well and i would purchase it again .
i also tried this out on my cell phone and it does fine .
i bought this product to work out with and i love it .
my husband and i really like these stylus because they are sturdier and easier to handle .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
all in all ,  i am happy with this product .
it mixes lighter batter and eggs very well and will be what i reach for when making breakfast .
this is a very well constructed leather carrying case for the iphone .
i would recommend them as a good purchase .
picked this up when it was on sale and i must admit that it works great .
it has a nice film that adheres to the iphone very well .
first time buying this brand and we re thrilled .
i would recommend it to anyone who may be interested in purchasing one .
i am satisfied also with the quality of this product and would recommend it .
this is the best customer service experience i have had in years .
i own both ,  and i can definitely say that the wusthof is much better .
you will not be disappointed with this product at all !  !  .
i saw this peeler recommended about num_num years ago ,  and got one .
i just bought this one again as a gift for my num_extend
wish they would fit a little tighter but it works .
this feels to me like the ultimate pizza stone !  love it !  .
they are also sturdy ,  and do not flex or sag when filled with ingredients .
we found it took about num_num minutes on full power to cook to perfection .
this is the num_extend product i ve tried and the only one that works perfectly .
it s great !  it heats up in about num_num minutes ,  then cooks each waffle in about num_num minutes or less .
it doesn t take much oil ,  and that helps us keep it a bit more healthy !  .
it charges superfast ,  way faster than the charger that came with the device .
i used cast iron pans for years ,  they are great ! get one and you ll see .
i bought this air popper from another site about num_num months ago and it was a superb purchase .
this set is sturdy and has lasted me num_num years .
time for a new battery . this one fit perfectly and took a full charge .
this is the most well made pressure cooker you will ever see .
i have had good experiences with incipio cases so far .
i think its great that companies like this still exist .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i would love to give it five stars for how well the base works .
these were just the right size for my cake pops .
i bought this roaster about a month ago ,  and i m very happy with it .
this is the best cooling rack i have ever seen .
this is a great size for smaller or larger families .
i love that it doesn t take up too much room .
i purchased these in december of num_extend and in march of num_num they still work like a charm .
i wish they d just make it solid and put the rubber on the solid part .
the size of it ,  num_num inches ,  is perfect in my hand ,  not too long .
the instructions that came with the package were very clear and easy .
i ve used this oven once to try it out and it worked very well .
these work well and last a very long time if you don t use oil to pop your product .
they do the job they were meant for .
i buy value packs of generic water filters and they work well in this model .
this was a good purchase ,  and will buy from the seller again .
the price is good and there are enough of them for an average num_num inch pie .
easy to use phone while plugged into wall .
i like that this product is so quiet .
the good thing i like about it is that it protects where the phone needs to be protected .
bought this coffee maker about num_num months ago  only in white  and simply love it .
it really holds a solid connection with the phone .
you will not be disappointed with this one .
i ve tried many many  clear  cases this is by far my favorite .
it has lasted him about num_num years now and he just got a new one .
this one i bought from amazon is a gift for someone in my family .
so after a few days research i decided to try this model ,  and have been very happy with it .
all in all ,  i m happy with them ,  just think this item is a tad overpriced .
i am very pleased ,  and would recommend this one to almost anyone .
i have had this case on my phone for about num_num months now and it has been great .
we ve used it num_num times already and each time it s a breeze to use and clean .
all of that ,  and it fits neatly in my pocket without looking like some modern art statement .
this case also comes with a screen protector .
so far they are still going strong after almost num_num years .
i just purchased another one because so far this is the best case for me .
this is one of the quickest and easiest ways to make an omelet that i ve ever seen .
that s why i give this a high rating .
i rated this product num_num stars because it makes a really great cup of coffee .
i certainly will shop with this company again .
other than that ,  i feel this is a nice product for the price .
i have an iphone num_num and love this product .
now i can open the music player and listen to beautiful music . this headset comes with a hidden microphone .
its honestly like a real mirror on your phone .
i love oxo products ,  since i know what i am getting in terms of quality .
i would recommend it it to anyone that wants a change from the leather cases .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
for the money savings ,  the small amount of time spent working with this is totally worth it .
this case is awesome !  !  i have been using it for num_num months or so .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
these have been working well for me since i ordered them .
i definitely think this is worth purchasing and would gladly recommend it to anyone .
they have good weight to them and hold the speakers well .
i would recommend it to anyone who doesn t have frequent or large chopping needs .
this is the best thermos i have ever owned .
these will go great with the other items that i already have .
this little grinder does the job perfectly ,  is easy to clean and stores in very little space .
worth the money paid for it to keep my hands on the wheel and off my phone .
so far so good ,  nothing would get stuck on this thing .
other than that ,  i am really pleased with this purchase .
i ve had the spatula about num_num months now and it has held up to daily use .
good replacement battery for you samsung galaxy num_extend epic touch .
this is not a problem with this machine ,  and i love it ! beyond that .
i love this ,  i bought num_num of these .
i really like this tamper ,  the size is just fine .
these mats work so well ,  there s no sticking even when you re making toffee or granola .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
the bottom line is that it works well .
i am thrilled with this product and its mug .
it works well and i d give it num_num stars if it weren t so loud .
i have now used this cuisinart for two weeks ,  and i am very pleased .
i purchased num_extend num_num for each car and they work great .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
i would recommend this coffee maker to other .
you get what you pay for and this knife ,  along with other wusthof knives are worth every penny .
i am pretty sure that isn t good to ingest cheap ,  but works nicely for what i want .
but this one is great and i would recommend it .
love the fact that it comes with num_num different size cutters for smaller veggies too .
i would recommend this product and buy it again .
overall ,  very pleased with quality and functionality of product .
this is the first steamer i have ever purchased and i must say that i m very pleased with it .
i am very glad i purchased this brush .
i was happy to receive this product ,  since i had been considering buying one for awhile .
i finally have it !  i love it and plan on using for years to come !  .
they cut even the thickest steaks well and without much effort .
i think my coffee is better than starbucks now ! cleaning this pot is so easy .
these are my second set and i highly recommend this headset .
this is the most useful cookbook i have ever purchased .
i m always surprised at the improvements that never seem to be mentioned in the product description .
they have worked great for me but i do have num_num issues with them .
so if your thinking on getting do it . for the money this is a good buy .
there is no question that this is a wonderful canner .
wood does the same ,  and it s likely more sanitary than wood . overall ,  good value for the money .
i ve been using this model for almost three years and am very satisfied with it .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
i purchased num_num screen protectors from num_num different companies and this was the best of all .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
nb ,  all zojirushi products we ve tried have been superb ,  despite their generally higher prices .   .
yes ,  i would recommend this to a friend .
i have been buying these for year because they are so handy and easy to use .
this product works well and i recommend to everyone .
great customer service in trying to help with my situation .
it seems to me that this is a perfectly legitimate reason for returning an opened item .
my little girl uses an old iphone of ours for her games and she loves this case .
this eliminates that . if you love retro technology .  .  . this is for you !  the price is right .
just needed an additional sauce pan for various things and this does what i need it for .
i have been using this case on my num_extend for num_num months and it s still in great condition .
this is simply the best case money can buy .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
i am quite happy with this fan and would buy again .
i would recommend this coffee maker to anyone .
i bought a bunch of different ones to try ,  and this is the best of the entire lot .
at this point ,  i can highly recommend this product .
it could have been more generous in length ,  which would make it even better !  .
it s still has the revere ware great quality that they are known to have .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
i ve only used my carpet washer twice so far but it did a great job cleaning both times .
so far i am very pleased with this product and feel i made the right choice .
i would recommend these to anyone looking for a set of portable headphones that don t have a cord .
i ve had this for a little over num_num months now ,  and i am thrilled with it .
i have found this product to be for protecting my iphone num_extend
we love doughnuts and this utensil makes them very easy to make .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
wow !  this saves so much in using too much oil on your foods .
for the $ price ,  i recommend it ,  but will consider other options for my next one .
the coffee tastes wonderful ,  and it makes a full pot in less than num_num minutes .
i love calphalon products and this is another example of a few that are great !  .
it also comes with a number of excellent recipes in the back of the instruction manual .
i would have liked the cord to be a little longer ,  but it works .
i just had my henckles knives sharpened and this knife is sharper .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
as another reviewer mentioned ,  this product is nice and heavy .
i have to remove the case to charge it but other than that it s great .
but i was swayed by the good reviews and i am really glad that i bought them .
and they re always ready to go . every cook definitely needs this set in their kitchen !  .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
i also have the num_num cup version and love it just as much .
it is a great buy for the price but it does take a long time to ship .
i really like this product so far and it looks well made .
i like that there are different lengths of this whisk .
shipped immediately to me ,  this adapter is worth way more than i paid .
this battery pack is everything you need in a single device .
i love this product and have used it several times .
i bought one of these a few years ago and really liked it .
i love these ,  they hold more than i thought they would .
my boys had these when they were younger ,  and they were a huge hit .
i am very satisfied and will continue to purchase them from amazon in the future .
the best thing i love about this charger is the size .
they were very easy for me to find while i was running once i got use to them .
i like the look and feel of this case .
the best part for me was that they really were easy to remove to use and clean separately .
this is the most satisfying coffeemaking experience in my num_num years of drinking coffee .
i can t say enough good things about this cleaner .
the people at catskill customer service are great and work with you to fix any problem .
i will definitely recommend this product to anyone s use .
i will definately purchase more in the future .
i especially am impressed that they have the confidence to put a three years warranty on this product .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
then i swish it with clean water and it is like new .
the thing that really impresses me is how well eggs come out .
my first set is about num_num years old and looks as good as my num_extend set .
this one does it well ,  with ease and stays clean .
i think this is product is a very good value .
we have num_num other fairly expensive sets $ + per set  ,  but i like this one equally .
bought this for my num_num kia and it works great .
it doesn t always work that way ,  but it s a good plan .
this is a well made vacuum hose and fits my bosch num_extend adapter for my num_extend sander .
this is one of the few things that actually make life easier .
i was very impressed with the customer service .
the good news is that it works wonderfully .
these are a must have for your fiestaware .
i have never been so organized and on top of things .
a three minute egg took num_num minutes with my old poacher but this one is spot on .
it is well made and does not show signs of wear .
ill buy this case with my new phone as well .
i ve been using this device for about num_num months and i absolutely love it .
i generally have been able to buy it for $
the quality is good and it s a great value at this price .
same great wusthoff quality ,  appearance ,  and sharpness i ve come to expect for the last num_num years .
there s not much protection to this case ,  but it looks good .
i am definitely going to buy this product again .
i ordered this stone and when it arrived i practiced on some old pocket knives with fantastic results .
i have the iphone num_extend and it works well with it .
i think this is the best i have come across and i would buy this product again .
i have had this phone for just over num_num weeks and i love it .
i do recommend it because it does cook well .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
it really made a difference and i sleep much better at night now .
does the job and less pricey than some other filters being sold .
i m happy with this product because i saved money .
i recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook .
probably will buy another one soon of a different kind that fits appropriately .
i haven t used or tried any other wireless headsets ,  but this one is terrific .
have always had good luck with theirappliances and cookware .
however this product is really good for people who don t know how to iron .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
this was perfect for when my phones charging port crapped out on me .
i purchased two of these at a great price of $ each from amazon for my droid num_extend
its the little things that make cooking easier and this is one of them .
i m very pleased with this product ,  especially for the price .
i really like the feel of this rolling pin .
i received the product and it was is good shape when i received it .
so i thought i would give it a try and it s great .
great customer service in trying to help with my situation .
but after fiddling with the alignment of the blade it worked great .
the best thing that happened to me in a long time .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
i have been very impressed over the years .
i have gotten used to it and can wear it for hours . i still recommend this bluetooth .
just started using this the other day and so far i m very pleased with this rotisserie .
works perfect ,  i feel the difference between my old battery and this new one .
i am very glad that i purchased this product .
i will be buying this again for her .
i got this and didn t expect it to last very long but it is still going after a year .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
i bought this along with the triple minute lg num_extend phone and i am really pleased with both .
my knife skills have improved greatly since i started using this knife .
i purchased this for my husband who loves to make homemade waffles .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
and the fact that this is made in the usa is even more astounding .
it was easy to put together and they seem very sturdy .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
it does make nicely sliced bread and i have not found a better one as of writing this .
nice product for the money and works very well with phones that are in cases .
this product is thick enough for a good result .
always useful to have an extra battery on stand by because my phone would have issues with the battery .
this is the best stone by far !  i have tried many before this one .
i bought my cloche num_num yrs ago and have had great results with it ever since . never had a break .
these rings look great and glide great on the rod .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
the grill was even better than i expected after reading the other reviews .
i contacted them about it ,  and they were very friendly .
i was really pleased with this num_extend car charger .
i have a pair of these that i ve had for quite some time and still works great .
i bought two of these a few years ago and both are working like new .
all good things about this item have already been said .
they are a great buy and i will purchasing them again .
i have num_num sizes of this coffee pot and i adore them all .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
i love it and i have never gone wrong with this brand .
i ve had this kettle for about num_num years and it works just fine .
i ve used it num_num times or so now and it is easy to use and clean .
it lights up blue when it s charging ,  and it s a super rapid charge .
i have had this for three months and it works well .
i would definitely recommend it and purchase this item again .
i was surprised by how quiet it was after reading reviews .
the microphone works well for phone calls; overall ,  you cannot go wrong with this product including the price !  .
i ordered num_num of these and they are perfect for my needs .
i purchased num_num of these and have been happy with all three .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again .
i think i will keep this on my list for gifts in the future .
i have tried many bluetooth headsets and this one is the best so far .
the inside is a sturdy silicone to offer extra shock protection .
with that said ,  this is a very good value for a good steam cleaner .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
would recommend this to others if its going less than num_num dollars .
the first time i used this i loved it .
i hope many others will help the birds by providing them with this treat .
i bought this one just in case mine goes up .
have only used it a couple of times ,  but food comes out well .
i actually love it !  it takes some getting used to .
then once i did find a site they were out of stock . enjoy .
just started using this the other day and so far i m very pleased with this rotisserie .
what is cool is you could go to different countries .
these have handles that are large enough to make that easy for me .
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months .
the good thing is that i find a solution to this problem .
with that being said ,  the battery still works perfectly and i love it .
presto is always the best and has been thru the years ,  i m talkin about num_num years now folks .
i found this case after browsing at different cases to use with my new galaxy tab .
it is solidly made ,  yet not too heavy or cumbersome to work with .
absolutely cannot go wrong with one of the babies !  !  !  enjoy !  .
so far ,  all the items purchased through amazon have been excellent  !  .
so far so good ,  nothing would get stuck on this thing .
this one sprays a very fine spray ,  finer than the pampered chef one .
:   the thing is ,  there is nothing wrong with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
nothing special about this product ,  but the seller shipped it fast and at a good price .
i love this ,  been using for about num_num or num_num years .
it is really nice be able to get replacement parts rather than get a whole new machine .
my wife has been using it for about a month now and loves it .
good fit and feel ,  a screen protector would have been nice .
now this is with very light use ,  but even so i can already tell there s a huge difference .
the sound was crisp on both bass and treble songs .
i m looking forward to trying it on other items . it s really easy to clean ,  as the blade comes out .
its the little things that make cooking easier and this is one of them .
so far we are very happy with this product .
this product is very sturdy and cleans up easily .
great cooker for the money .  .  . i paid just over $ as it was on sale .
i recommend this to anyone who needs a strong magnetic rack .
the good :  this is a great hose and it s very long .
this travel charger is great ,  i just put it in my purse and i m good to go .
i bought this for my father ,  who really seems to like the size and functionality of the device .
i m a huge fan of the oxo brand after using this .
great charger not too short it is just the right length for my phone .
the quality of the product is very good .
it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price .
i m also impressed with the metal handle that does not get too hot and looks great .
i bought this item over a year ago and it s my second one !  i love this thing .
the rechargeable battery can last long enough in one full charge .
goes great with my iphone num_extend thank you so much !  shipped quickly !  !  !  no complaints at all !  .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
i bought this roaster about a month ago ,  and i m very happy with it .
they are definitely a good item to buy !  .
i would rate this product worth at least $
there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them .
great charger !  it is just like the original that came with the samsung infuse .
i was sold as soon as i tried it !  so ,  i purchased this sharpener and i m absolutely loving it .
i read all the other reviews and pretty much agree .
they are very heavy and very well made .
this product came in on time and in perfect condition .
bed and bath has it ,  but even with % off this is the best price .  .  .  . get one today !  !  !  !  !  .
this product is well built and i am very satisfied .
i am really impressed with ordering this product from this seller .
these are much much easier to work with .
i love this pan !  i ve had it for about num_num months now .
i also use the cup that comes with it often .
i would recommend purchasing this dock if it fits your needs .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
i never liked the inline filtered water in the fridge so this is a great alternative .
cuts on both sides ,   great for lefties like me  and you can saw cake with it ,  too ,  if necessary .
i bought a sandwich knife years ago ,  and loved it so much that i wanted another one .
this thing makes me feel like i m a real chef .
would recommend to anyone who cooks a lot and uses many spices .
i liked that this was a combo for the right price .
i bought this battery from num_extend and it arrived num_num days early and looks brand new .
she loves hers too !  i would recommend buying this mixer .
this makes the iphone at least a little water resistant .
i have given these to friends and they love them .
it is the best peeler i have used and it does the job really well .
so far this works every time and sounds very good .
this thing is heavy !  and i like it that way .
this is a great value ,  and if you have less than $ to spend i would recommend it .
it has to be seated just right to work properly .
i don t own any of the accessories ,  but there are some great ones out there .
i have asthma ,  and these little babies really do a wonderful job of removing dust from my rooms .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
this will work for me for the time being .
i have a mandolin but this will come in handy to do more faster .
we ve had it almost num_num years and it s still accurate .
this set of headphones rocks  :   makes running lots easier .
i ordered these as spice jars and they are just the right size ,  and very cute .
once i fixed that problem ,  the loaves have all been fantastic .
then i push the button and it is done in a few minutes .
comes with extra wires so that is nice .
we are pleased with it so far after a couple of months .
i also like that this has a steel lid and handles .
none have performed anywhere close to or as good as this one .
these are a great add on for the samsung galaxy tab num_num num_extend
this stuff stinks !  but then that is why it works so well to attract flys .
it was so easy to set up and use .  .  . had my first cuppa within num_num minutes of opening the box .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
bought this because of the reviews and i haven t had a cake stick yet !  love it !  .
this is a light but well made funnel .
this lg num_extend num_extend is a solid ,  dependable phone for teenagers or those who don t need a touch screen .
i was very happy with my num_extend for the first num_num weeks .
this is the best case i have purchased so far .
would recommend this to others if its going less than num_num dollars .
i ve had this incipio feather for num_extend months now and i like it very much .
i tried it right away and from the first slice i found it to perform very well .
thanks ,  chef n for such a great product and fabulous customer service !  !  .
it took more time organizing and getting the ingredients ready than mixing !  great purchase !  .
i love it ,  get one ! update ,  after about num_num months the perc is still going strong .
i bought this pan because of the great reviews on amazon ,  and i am very happy with it .
it also filters the water more quickly than others i ve owned .
this is the best and most useful knife i have ever owned .
we have had this for num_num years now and it is still the ideal coffee maker .
i have since upgraded phones and got the same for my thunderbolt .
i have them in the scarlet red and they are just gorgeous .
grip is good ,  thumb rests nicely ,  and it s sharp enough to cut through pizza with only moderate pressure .
all in all great for the money and i would buy this product again .
these are nicer than i thought they would be .
most everyone seems to love this popper ,  and if i am doing something wrong i d like to know .
i love them because they use less oil and not sticky if treated .
i ve had this pan for num_num days now ,  and am very impressed with it .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
like the majority of the other reviewers ,  i love my kitchen aid bender .
love love that this product is made in the usa .
anker makes great products and this battery is no exception .
its easy to flip a switch and work with my phone or xbox .
i am pleased with this product and plan to order another today .
i bought this one based on the good reviews .
if you are looking for a case for apple iphone ,  i really recommend this product .
overall ,  i am very satisfied with this purchase .
a bit of time . overall i recommend this product .
i am giving it five stars and i would recommend this any time !  .
it s a bit more narrow than i would have liked ,  but this is still a great tool .
i ve only used it once so far but from what i can tell it works fine .
he says they are pretty good quality and would order them again .
they fit nicely in our cupboards ,  and they keep out the moisture .
better than the one that came with my phone .
hopefully they will stay sharp as they are right now .
as many people are saying ,  this is the best value vacuume with hepa filter and it is very powerful .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
it made the best vanilla bean ice cream i have ever tasted .
this is it !  the design is great and is very high quality .
i love this phone cover !  i bought it about num_num months ago and i still love it .
i seen these being used on many tv cooking shows and am glad i got this particular brand .
personally i would love to see this machine with a glass pot .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
this really worked well on the water staines i had on my marble table .
i have had zero problems with it ,  so i m happy .
the great thing about this is when you turn it on .
okay ,  so i m completely satisfied with it and it works well after num_num months .
get these ,  they will last you a long time .
all of the openings match up well with the phone s features .
i ve had this one for more than a year and it s still going strong .
this cable worked perfectly to fix my stuck power button .
i love the fact that i can involve my num_num year old in the process .
i bought this particular plug because the description says ,   heavy duty  ,  and it is worth it .
i use this thing about num_num times a week and love it .
i ve been using this phone case for over a week now and i love it .
i bought this peeler based on all the good reviews .
i also bought these because they were cooks illustrated recommended .
this zester was a gift for my granddaughter but i have one just like it and love it .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
great battery works well with my lg num_num cellphone .
i also liked that they are color coordinated yellow for chicken ,  red for red meat ,  green for produce .
i have had it for a couple of months and it is still in great shape .
lok these hangars i ride motorcycles and have very heavy clothing this works great .
i have had these for six months and they work as good as new .
worth the price paid for and goes on fairly easy .
i have had several different brands and these are just the best .
my family loved this so much num_num of them have bought their own .
it is very solid and will most likely be the last one i buy .
this product also seems to work well to reduce glare .
and one of the best soft cases i have ever tried .
after reading reviews on this one ,  it sounded like the best one out there .
as others have said ,  these work fine and are inexpensive .
worth the few extra dollars compared to less expensive ones .
i am already in love with this phone and i can t wait for the updates to rollout .
the inside diameter of the pan measures num_num cm ,  and the lid fits snugly inside that just fine .
i thought this would be perfect to keep them together on counter .
this means that they re intriguing on the used market .
as others have said in the review the cover is almos a perfect it .
after seeing it in the store ,  i fell in love with the phone .
i knew both of these things before i bought it ,  but it was still a bit of a surprise .
i really like this product and do use it all the time in my car .
i do recommend this product and thanks amazon again .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i think this well made product will last for a long time .
have used this product several times in the past and have been pleased every time .
i really like this headset and don t see a need to look for a different option .
i have to say ,  this is the best case i have ever gotten .
the processor does a fantastic job with this blender to chop and puree any kind of vegetables .
i also read the amazon reviews and this pot earned fairly consistent high ratings .
than i saw this gadget with many good reviews .
i recommend this to all htc evo num_extend owners .
i have long been a fan of iron skillets ,  and knew this one would be a winner .
this is my absolute favorite purchase from amazon so far .
they are comfortable to wear and don t slip when walking or exercising at the gym .
like another reviewer ,  i love the slide switch to turn it on .
there s not much that you can say about gaskets ,  accept that these are great quality for the price .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
these are pretty neat ,  just make sure you grease them really good and use shortening not oil .
i got it for use with the mytouch num_extend and it appears to work just fine .
i have owned this bread maker for num_num years and really love it .
good touch ability . highly recommend this product for whatever device you may own that has a screen to protect .
you will not go wrongbuying this case because it is a great protector .
exactly what i wanted and a great deal ,  i would recommend this item to anyone !  .
that would have been a mistake ,  because this is the perfect press hands down .
i m currently using this as my main pan .  .  . great for most things ,  including stir fry .
i came upon this product by chance  in the gold box deals  ,  and am delighted with this purchase .
i bought this case two weeks back and i am happy with the purchase .
i read all the can opener reviews and bought this one .
i could have bought it for cheaper ,  but it still works good and i m happy with it .
i love being able to see three rows back what cans and jars i have in my cupboard .
i will definitely be getting one of these cases for my next phone .
i have used these to share bulk spices with loved ones .
if this one works as well and holds up as well as ours has ,  it deserves num_num stars .
we have made some great spinach pasta with this attachment .
i bought this due to raves in the customer column and was not disappointed .
there are so many reasons i love this cooker .
after all ,  i am quite satisfied with this product .
would definitely recommend this product over the costly name brands .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
excellent value from amazon and free shipping with prime .
haven t had any problems with it at all . love this product .
aside from the harvest gold color ,  it works perfectly ,  and seems good for another num_num years . m .
i bought these bowls when they were on sale and i am glad i did .
this being my first otterbox ,  of course .  would highly recommend this product to anyone .
i purchased num_num of these carousels and i love them .
for the price i have not seen a better case out there and i would highly reccomend this case !  .
my husband swears that the coffee tastes better !  thanks for this wonderful product .
i bought this set from amazon two years ago when i bought my first house .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
this is a great knife to have ,  extremely sharp and makes quick work of peeling just about anything .
i just like how you can bring it everywhere with you too because it s so small .
this one seemed like one of the best for a reasonable price .
great product at a fair price .  .  . i paid $ here at amazon on sale .
even with all that ,  it is a very good product at a very good price .
at any rate very satisfied with the pans and would recommend them to anyone .
she has a grey cat and i thought this would be perfect .
this pot is great ,  and if it weren t for its lip ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
very impressed with it ,  is exactly what i would have had to pay $ for on the website .
i bought this for our new house that my husband and i just moved into .
it s also a handy place to keep the little pieces when the machine isn t in use .
this product works just fine and does what it is supposed to do .
we ve had this for about a year and it s still going strong .
i have never had a problem with this smaller one in my toaster oven .  .  . fit is perfect .
i use this all the time and just love it ,  best purchase in a long time  :   .
it is very precise where your finger might be to fat to type properly .
after trying this product i am very pleased .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
kitchenaid has great customer service and now i have the new redesigned model free of charge .
i purchased the num_extend about a week ago and i m impressed with this little device .
i have cured it and used it several times ,  and it works just as i thought it would .
that said ,  i can t believe how well this thing works .
comfortable to wear for long periods of time .
i recommend this product and would purchase it again .
i have had this unit for ten years now and it is still going strong .
needed a replacement for my ancient electric sharpener ,  and this is perfect and easy to use .
that being said ,  these are great little fans for the money while they last .
i just want a ladle that will scoop a good helping .
i was happy to see that they were still made them .
this case is by far the best for the phone .
we have used this brand for years and like the quality .
i think it s good that it radiates heat like it does .
i bought this for our new house that my husband and i just moved into .
i totally agree with all of the pros listed by all of the other reviewers .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
i ve tried a number of french presses and this one is by far the best .
this has been great now for num_num years .
i got this headset about num_num months ago and they are still going strong .
the battery life is really good and is up to num_num hours .
the first case was for the iphone num_extend and it held up great .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
however ,  i took the plunge due to the low cost ,  and have found them to be entirely good .
also very easy to put on without casing any bubbles .
i really like the sim card cutter it works very well .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
i bought these tongs num_num years ago from amazon and they are still going strong .
and i will do business with them again .
but ,  i can deal with that in return for the good function and great look of these .
i m really liking this product more and more as i use it .
i would recommend getting the circle filters like these instead of the square .
i love oxo ,  and i m glad they didn t let me down with this one .
the plastic cup with lid that came with it was an added bonus .
i also like how it has a plastic cover for the screen .
would prefer they were not teflon ,  but otherwise they are great .
they are also pretty secure ,  and jogging with them hasn t been a problem .
if i can replicate this success ,  i will be using it constantly !  .
i love this product and this particular package .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
it works great ,  i ve noticed no odd smells that others have complained about .
i can t say enough good things about this vacuum !  .
these bags worked as well as any others that i have purchased in the grocery store .
they are a really nice set with good finish .
cuisinart is an outstanding company and stands behind their products like none other .
bought this for my wife for christmas and she loves it ,  and uses it every chance she gets .
i have used this a couple of times and am happy with the performance and ease of cleaning .
this case is very nice in its protection of the iphone num_extend
they really did a nice job with this case .
in any case ,  i would certainly buy this again .
this little vacuum moves around so much better and has a lot more suction .
i got this because i thought that it would be a fun item to have around .
the cases are so pretty ,  would order again .
after num_num years it is still as good as new .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
it seems to have more than enough power to accomplish its mission in the kitchen and bath .
this case is definately worth it for the price .
this thing stays hot and cooks food fast .
they help me with the touch screens that i use at work .
this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about num_num minutes .
i bought it to charge my cell phone in my truck ,  and it definitely does that .
this product is a good buy for the price .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
i used a tea bag in the filter and the tea also very good .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
this unit has more power than any other i have used .
just received this case and it is exactly what i expected it to be .
i ve had this electric kettle for about num_num years and it still works great and boils water quickly .
microplane is so much better than other brands i have used .
