save up an extra num_num or num_num dollars and invest in something useful .
the one i received isn t a good knife .
i guess this is so you can provide something to keep it from popping open accidentally .
for that matter ,  you d be better off to just eat lightly buttered popcorn .
that wouldn t bother me but for some reason these taste like plastic to me .
i have used this product off and on for at least num_num years .
the grip is not great ,  and neither are the serrations  though they look cool  .
after reading all the positive reviews on this product ,  i was excited to try it out .
inside the home ,  this thing isn t very good and its way too big .
i didn t realize this was for an iphone num_extend
i think $ would have been a fair price for consumers ,  and at most ,  $
it s not a bad cleanser ,  just wasn t what i was looking for .
barely acceptable . i had high hopes for this device ,  but it just doesn t do what it claims to do .
i ll use it ,  since i have it ,  but i d suggest looking for another type .
this is not a rub on ,  buff off product ,  like wax .
i had peanuts inside and he was picking it up just fine and the nuts would fall out .
plus ,  it is not very comfortable to hold .
i bought this pot some time ago and have had nothing but problems with it .
and the case didn t fit my iphone the way it should .
when i say flimsy i mean that it fits loosely and isn t worthy for an apple device .
i need eleven more words to i am just typing .
used to mix with something else or in a recipe would probably work .
it worked maybe only two months before it wouldn t connect to the ipad anymore .
sorry to say this product did not do very much for that problem .
just too big and to much going on inside .
i filed a complaint with amazon and they sent a replacement .
also ,  the ear buds don t rest the same in my ears .
i am selling it and getting the num_extend
i had a replacement in days at no charge .
if you don t damage it then you will find out that the battery life dies of pretty quickly .
and don t tell me i didn t review this product .
this case is bulky and fits awkwardly on my phone .
i tried it and it didnt work for me like it did others .
supposedly it is trying to help you learn to use the remote better .
my first thought on getting this is you get what you pay for .
but it says it is a  spill cleaner  and hard floor cleaner .
i remonstrated with amazon about their poor packaging and was simply told that they were grateful for my feedback .
so much gunk gets stuck down in the blades and it s really hard to get off .
the material is very cheap and it is not worth the money .
this coffee maker is made of very cheap plastic parts that break very easy .
sorry ,  numi tea !  i m sure their other tea products are better than this one .
i would prefer something with a little more flavor , tastes like cheap coffee .
i used to have something like this when i was a mere babe .
this knife is over sized and makes cutting difficult .
judging by the rest of the reviews here ,  i am not the only one that suffered .
my wife and i each purchased num_extend with our migration to cingular num_num months ago .
but ,  since i purchased it for nighttime visibility ,  not poo ,  i m not concerned with those issues .
i have one that has lastedat least num_num years of heavy use ,  but is finally wearing out .
perhaps that s because it s mostly made from orange peel extract .
it worked once when i originally set it ,  then kaput .
this case doesn t fit the phone at all after i should have read the reviews before i bought it .
i m not sure how i ll get my floors clean with this device .
when i put it on my phone and didn t like it ,  it was almost impossible to get off .
to begin with ,  it is difficult to install the batteries .
this stuff absorbs quickly ,  and doesn t leave behind any dewiness ,  or moisturizing feel ,  just like a matte feel .
they look cheap and have very thin material .
fit is ok but quality is below average .
when it worked it was great but that only lasted for about num_num months however .
first off ,  the blade seems to have sagged with use .
if they were not to small it would be ok .
units i bought before num_num did not squeak .
this product does not work on all num_extend systems .
i bought this product to carry what few things that i have ,  but it s too small .
it does not look cuisinart ,  it does not cut cuisinart .
this my second try  , buy them with someone else .
i just can t believe that a high end ,  expensive ,  waffle maker does not have removable grids for easy cleaning .
its wasnt a horrible drink ,  but its not a mint julep to me .
i have very thin hair ,  not terribly susceptible to knotting ,  and this brush was fine .
i figured five bucks ,  good reviews ,  worth a shot . these headphones sound bad .
i am now looking for a new iced tea maker ,  and saw this one that i used to own .
and it leaves a rather odd powdery finish on your skin .
hopefully the car charger i bought with this doesn t have the same issue .
i paid more replacing the things that were damaged than the light was worth .
anyway dont buy this if u need a cup that u can use .
this reel should have plug coming off the center instead of having entire cable in the reel .
the screen where you use the stylus also gets scratched from excess use .
the blades were way to sharp and their dangerous to use against your skin .
it s a pain to put on and take off .
this also happened to me twice i did an replacement and the same thing happened .
i mean just browsing the web ,  using facebook ,  and setting email to check for every num_num minutes .
if you try it make sure you spray your pan first to avoid the sticking .
sadly this one not what i had expected .
i have had coffee grinders that lasted num_num years .
i ll keep these but will need to purchase a larger size elsewhere .
since these aren t deep dish ,  i ll probably use them for making cornbread .
these wireless headphones are darn near the  junk  cateogry .
leave it on jsut to test it and not another problem .
i plugged in my older cheapo buds and the sound was num_num times better .
also ,  if you have oily face ,  this will matte the oilyness on your face making it look less shiny .
they wanted me to ship the product to them ,  i said no ,  i bought it from amazon .
the bottom line is these are polycarbonate measuring cups .
i do give it num_num stars because at least the fragrance used isn t horrible ,  just heavy .
i believe that after using this ,  any required wires hanging around your front seat won t seem all that bad .
so i can t review it and its performance because i never switched it on .
the smell and taste is like burnt something .
any normal lighting situation will charge it up to glow for about num_num minutes .
when considering the expander ,  be careful if you have a num_extend rather than the num_extend
so ,  why mess with it ?  don t know ,  but it s no where near as good as it was .
however ,  after pairing it with the phone ,  i immediately heard it signalling that the battery was almost dead .
it s a static piece of plastic without a hinge .
in the most recent instance ,  i ordered two pairs from the same seller through amazon ,  in different colors .
i always give a fair shake in my reviews and this product .  .  . i d say ,  don t waste your money !  .
i just used one screw which is not the most secure attachment .
you re better off getting a better kit or simply get a few cloths ,  brush ,  rod ,  and mops .
only thing keeping it from num_num star is it was only $ when i purchased .
the packaging looks the same as this ,  but it is not .
but i bought the num_num pack so i have another one to use .
that way ,  i get a brand new console instead of a refurbished unit .
this is my third pair  and most expensive  set of bluetooth headphones .
and the final nail in the coffin ?  stuff has a mild to none taste .
a very dumb flaw ,  easily fixable ,  but neglected .
the only good thing about it is the carafe .
the batteries are fully charged  . update num_num  after num_num week  : the unit started not turning on immediately when powered on .
it looks cheap ,  feels cheap ,  and has mediocre sound .
i thought i was going to like this iron but it wasn t worth the nothing i paid for it .
i expected to get a few full charges out of it ,  then .
the cut is not what it used to be .
i ended up giving it away ,  it just want for me .
after a couple of months of use ,  battery wont charge what a waste of money .
seems like a really porely made item that i d have thought would have been great .
needless to say ,  i m not a huge fan .
thy are wafer thin and you have to be super careful not to get them stuck to themselves .
i might try the other flavors ,  but this just wasn t all that great .
don t understand all the great reviews ,  maybe i got a bad batch .
when i got the num_extend version about a month ago or whatever ,  i was really excited .
i have a lot of dogs .  . usually at least six at one time not including puppies .
i tried using another cable and both phones charged fine .
the cable is fine ,  but the wall charger doesn t work . starts charging ,  but shuts down after about a minute .
i will be brief : the headphones are remarkably uncomfortable .
i have to force my phone on the stand to charge it .
in my experience ,  a motor should only be this loud when there s something wrong with it .
i also purchased a more expensive model and gave it to my daughter for guest use .
received case put on phone and it will not snap together shut while on phone .
sizing was not right returned it got refund bought a nice thick leather belt instead .
i would definitely not recommend using this product .
i gave it to the grandkids for christmas ,  not realizing it couldn t be used right out of the box .
for an iphone with approximately % full battery ,  i am getting an incremental charge of %  i . e .
i much prefer other brands ,  this simply didn t make the cut in performance .
it fit very loosely ,  just didn t feel quite right ,  wife and i both agreed on that .
save yourself time and hassle and go buy an otterbox instead .
the cases are okay ,  but they are not exactly as i expected or hoped .
i purchased this product to replace a faulting adc num_num equalizer .
plus ,  no cord to get in the way . however ,  the biggest con is that it is not powerful at all .
i ordered this yogi green tea after trying num_num of their chai teas .
of course your spots are going to appear to lighten if they aren t exposed to the sun .
replace the sheath and this makes a cheap hunting knife .
this wasn t the only problem i have had with this knife .
after use number two i noticed a bit more whitening but not as dramatic .
these do not go up all the way and are too tight .
save your money and find another brand of glasses .
i m not that hard on my phones so i m going back to the cheaper ones .
at any rate ,  these are just a few notes others may want to evaluate when considering this purchase .
i got a plain old usb cable with the proper ends on it .
it is ,  however ,  quite thin and lightweight and once pulled out it stayed that way .
next i cleaned my screen ,  wiping it down with the included cloth .
however it does vibrate at a medium and low setting .
i prefer to pay more money for getting a better quality .
but i only buy the ones made in the us .
this waffle iron has the appearance of quality ,  however it is anything but .
it slips in your grip and the clasp for the knife is extremely difficult to release .
oh ,  and about the num_num hours battery life .
it met my expectations until it stopped working after six months .
i don t feel bad though ,  only paid $
these batteries can be anywhere from num_num to num_num months old . plus they took forever to get here .
mine worked for about num_num weeks and then it wouldn t turn on .
a phone that looks really wierd and can be embarassing if your seen with it . overall dont buy this .
i tried to use this for a plantronics headset ,  but the mic wouldn t work .
this is a old school gadget that no longer works well in modern age .
the battery that came with the watch lasted almost num_num years .
i won t bother buying this stuff ever again .
it works to charge my phone about % for the first time then would not work after .
but the odd part is they re just not as shiny as the other ones i have .
my other one has screws that are getting loose ,  which now is relegated to obsolete .
as soon as i put it on my phone and tried to take it off for the first time .
it is too large ,  too heavy ,  and the slats are too big .
the size runs true to size ,  but the material is very coarse , not that comfortable for me .
i put the case on my phone and it was too big .
it does not last as long ,  does not have nfc ,  and easily overheats and causes problems with my phone .
after putting it back together it didn t work anymore .
it appeared to be a much brighter green then what it really was .
the color is pretty ,  but no where near the color on the box .
yes ,  yes i know it says  all natural  but really it s gross .
i have used this for a month and can t really tell if it worked or not .
i do not recommend buying this headset at all .
i do have a couple other old games installed there .
i ended up having to reset it back to the factory settings and then restore it with my backup .
as soon as i realized this ,  i took the case off ,  and my phone has been back to normal .
it did have some health benefitss but  way too much sugar to be considered a healthy cereal .
they were very heavy and the inside bottom was full of awkward ridges and bumps .
i m sure it would have been great had it worked .
i not sure what prompted me to buy it in the first place .
big it s difficult to remove or apply it .
i d rather just be careful with my phone and get a cheaper ,  less bulky bumper case .
i don t know what the trick is ,  but this is not as easy as it looks .
half the colors in here are the same ,  and it is not a very nice quality .
they are not at all stiff in any direction .
then you take another shower ,  and the color is almost gone .
but just know that it is harder on your knives than wood .
i thought i was buying a pack of these and only got one .
it was out of warranty this time ,  but because it had been defective so many times they fixed it .
this time i am not happy with the purchase .
additionally it s necessary to cover the bacon with four small sheets of paper towel .
even then it wasn t anywhere near being good ,  but i could manage it .
does not fit well on my num_extend iphone .
i may try to use it in cookies to see if it can be used there .
i push the button for it to charge then it stop num_num seconds later .
i would rather pay num_num and have it last a year .
i can change the case back to another after changing and have no problems .
it s a pain to take out and put back in; wheather you use it for water or dry food .
this thing works at a heater ,  but just barely .
i . e .  :  for spices or for coffee beans for drip coffee .
i m looking for another brand and am returning this order .
with the price i paid for this case ,  you d think they would be of better quality .
first ,  this thing is a battery drain ,  which is expensive and environmentally unsound .
definitely meant for a white iphone and not a black one .
it only was on a num_num watt amp .
there is protection for the back and sides ,  but not the front .
sounds pretty decent ,  right ? the trouble is :  it just doesn t taste that good to me .
comes back and says that the unit needs to be replaced but it s out of warranty .
and it s only a buck more than this  kit  .
i got this slow cooker a few months ago .
i have used an inexpensive samsung and a moderately expensive motorola model too .
my num_num daughters each received one of these for christmas of num_extend
i put this on mine i needed one anyways .
i don t know if the coffee tastes any good ,  because it s never drinkable .
the dough was very globular thick ,  like cookie dough almost ,  instead of a brownie batter .
even though the reviews aren t good for them ,  i never had any problems with them .
this frother does not create thick froth for my drinks as advertised .
definitely ,  the extra capacity over the original htc pro num_num battery is not what i was expecting .
it doesn t turn you orange but will leave streaks unless your extremely careful .
it doesnt chop it mashes and as other reviewers mentioned ,  it is extremely difficult to clean .
it doesn t fit that well and it feels too heavy .
the usb ports themselves are kind of cheap and it may be wise to be gentle with it .
i have to buy filters for this bagless vacuum .
sure enough ,  there were more notches in the edge . i threw the sharpener in the trash .
this is absolutely the worst battery performance among the many phones i have used or and handled .
i bought two flavored coffees but they are way too bold and strong for a morning coffee drinker .
if anyone is interested ,  i would suggest the rod be replaced with stainless ,  aluminum or maybe even carbon fiber .
so i cant say it isnt worth the money .
actually for the same price you can get much better knives than this on amazon .
i am glad i didn t pay more than i did because it doesn t feel heavy or like quality .
you need to follow the directions carefully so that you don t end up with a huge mess .
this grinder does not cut a coarse grind which i need for my french press .
cheap material and i m sure it won t take much to break it .
here are a few things i noted after using it that i hadn t considered prior to num_extend
these git fine ,  but my eyes just hurt when wearing them .
i like the smell ,  but was pretty disappointed with the performance of this product .
the kitchen came in the mail ,  we put it together and i was shocked at how small it was .
please note that i am not a fan of flavored coffee so perhaps my expectations were just too high .
i thought i could live with it but after trying to use it ,  i ended up selling it .
looks like i m in the market for a replacement .
if you re like me and want a little caffeine ,  avoid this tea .
with % of the total calories from fat ,  there are better options .
this charger was worse then the one originally bought .
the bottom is open enough for the charger ,  and i had no problem plugging in headphones .
the remainder of the package contents have been disposed of in the manner that they deserve .
customer service sent me a replacement and i returned the defective charger .
i guess i can use it around the house .
$ for num_num boxes ? is this a rare item ? that s $ a box . i think the item might be a bit overpriced .
it s a cheap aftershave that smells like original old spice to me .
just checked and it would cost me $ to get a replacement .
opened it to find that the handle had snapped off during shipment .
i have to say i honestly don t know how well this product works because i only used it once .
i ve never had a problem with those products .
luckily it was a gift ,  so i didn t waste any money on it .
ironically ,  the biggest complaint in other reviews on these didn t affect me .
looks the same but does not perform the same as when i buy it from the vet .
it was disappointing when i tested the headset as it simply did not work .
i just wish that i knew what that product was .
bought this to clean out my num_num gallon fish tank .
it may work for some ,  but a no here !  .
it also broke me out pretty bad on my cheeks and a bit on my forehead .
this is absolutely the worst bluetooth headset i have ever owned .
i bought this to replace the num_extend cup chopper which was too small and i gave away .
well ,  my review of only num_num stars is based solely on that .
i wouldn t bake half as much without it .
the front pockets are a few inches shallower than normal casual pants also .
a little less neat but you have to wash you hands anyway .
it works okay but not great as it is poorly made .
they re okay but a lot of them are not perfectly even when you put the cd in .
this did not work for more than a week .
it s like they just rest on the side of your head ,  and can easily move off the ear .
i thought it was a rare defect so i returned it for a replacement .
now however they might work well ,  but for the price ?  no its not really worth it .
these headphones are very uncomfortable and very crappy sounding .
i find this product to be too sweet and syrupy and consequently does not quench my thirst .
the charging port does not give that  click  indicating phone is locked in when i plug my phone in .
for other phones ,  they seem to run $ or more .
i felt the product didn t work for me .
one doesn t even work unless i wiggle it around and hold it at an angle .
the weight of these are horrible ,  and they won t cut through anything easily .
fortunately ,  the iphone inside was okay ,  but the case was done .
you can find much better ,  for a lower price ,  in a grocery store .
i tested it on multiple working devices ,  and either port would charge a num_extend device .
i tried it with another phone with the same results .
i just received my order ,  unfortunately i ordered num_extend
i am very disappointed in this coffee machine .
ok ,  whatever ,  dump it in a bowl and keep going . i get some converted white rice .
about num_num mah for $ for the price .
had it not been for that ,  i might have rated it a num_num star .
yes it happened to me first time i used it .
took me a while to figure out how to put my phone in it .
they were purchased for my wife who has been using tv ears for a couple of years .
i was upgrading my old computer system and decided to throw in a windows num_num compatible modem .
i think i paid nearly num_num at the time .
with my old convection oven the chicken is cooked faster and doesn t dry up .
you could just leave it on the charger all the time ,  i suppose .   she said .
seems the plastic is super cheap ,  and that the lid doesn t always go on just right .
i m bummed our because i expected this product to work well because of other reviews ,  but no .
but those to are getting made with poor quality also .
was way too large and didn t look right on either .
i m using this one for now but this product really stinks .
i wish there was a product on the market that would work alittle longer .
i purchased this from alernativewireles . com for my motorola droid num_num global .
the protectors are a bit smaller than the actual phone screen .
came in a package that might or might not have been new ,  items were dirty and scratched .
although the color is great the product itself is not .
as for its flavor ,  i don t think much of it .
the toaster produced uneven toasting ,  but i put up with it for num_num years .
i thought that when the unit was hooked up to the power pack that the batteries would not drain .
these are cheap and break often ,  and also tend to leave marks around my ear .
almost impossible to read in dimly lit environments .
the battery light indicator may or may not work .
as soon as we can garage sale this thing ,  i ll be buying something else .
it simply did not look as good as it does on the site picture .
the wire bits aren t sharp ,  which makes these safe to put on ,  but lousy grips !  .
we had one that even when making num_num cups per day ,  lasted almost num_num years !  .
boom !  my home computer now has limited or no internet connectivity .
though the model numbers were the same the battery was too big .
i just order another battery from a different vendor .
sorry  ,  but just not a quality product .
after using this product ,  it seems more of a gimic versus something really necessary .
glad it works for others but it wasn t the same story for me .
it didn t taste too bad but also did not taste particularly nutritious .
i only used it for a few days .
nothing ,  do not waste your money on this !  .
num_extend the water never gets hot; luke warm coffee aint fun .
however ,  when i received the item ,  it was a used item .
this came in what appears to be oem packaging but the rubber was soft and squishy .
i guess a week tops and they will short out .
i tried this product again because of the smaller size ,  but it isn t any good anymore .
the design is laudatory ,  the materials used are low grade and fail quickly .
they just sit in my closet and i almost always take something else instead of these .
i think i m going to have to buy something else .
i couldn t believe it so i searched everywhere in the vicinity for it .
i don t know what kind of coffee making requires such a coarse grind .
spend a little more money and get something with more power .
don t buy unless you are just buying it for the cord .
parts of the chicken contents were tough and stringy .
rated num_num stars .  .  . extremely please with the knife . however this recent purchase ,  was very disappointing .
the first time i had fixed at my cost .
it is hard to see the screen with this protector .
i agree with most of the reviewers who put num_num or less stars on this game .
i used it mainly to clean the bathroom floors and under furniture .
as i said ,  not worth what i paid but at least i got it on there .
i m going to stick to making toast in my toaster oven . may num_extend num_extend
my mistake; it s a similar but not identical product .
i need a new one but won t be buying another one of these .
why ?  because the hinge is a very thin piece of plastic  for flexibility  ,  the same plastic as the case .
this anker battery did not work no better than my original one .
i wear a num_extend m ,  so i ordered a size num_extend
i ordered two to replace my existing broken one .
be warned :  if you have a screen protector on your phone this is not the case for you !  .
you really get a product of less than $
at first i didnt like this game ,  then i got into it .
the grip is even hard for me to use .
that said ,  my fiancee s phone has worked with little or no problem .
i was really excited to try this flour after so many great reviews .
the blade steel is subpar and on the soft side .
i ll still use it ,  but i probably won t buy again .
i really wanted to like these ,  as the reviews have been so favorable .
i was surprised how cheaply made this is .
the product will be replaced with a reconditioned model for a fee .
we accidentally damaged a plastic part to our num_extend and ordered a replacement .
i was hoping i could use this one for cold but it s much too heavy .
i had my sks for num_extend with no issues .
ok ok keep it dry so it doesn t rust .  .  .  . yea right .
i don t understand how this vacuum has such great reviews .
it s too bad because the rest of the case is really nice .
so we removed the scrap and bent the capacitor wire away from the plate .
but perhaps that is why it is so cheap .
the plastic was flimsy compared to the stitched leather that i was used to .
this took quite some time to figure out .
in the end of popping ,  about % of unpopped kernels have gone unpopped .
needless to say i returned this for a full refund .
it is not as heavy looking or of the quality it appears in the picture .
save your money try another brand like celestial seasonings ,  republic of tea or something with more good ratings .
can i ruturn it and get a new one ?  .
unfortunately ,  just because it s one of the more expensive brands doesn t guarantee that it s better .
of course ,  then i started reading other reviews saying the same thing .
but that s the only good part of it .
however you can see it is cheaply made .
maybe they would taste ok in something ,  but they don t taste very good on their own .
i have over num_num pairs of boots from various designers .
also ,  the shipping took num_num days longer than promised ,  even with amazonprime .
sadly ,  unlike many of the other reviews ,  i found the taste to be bland and not very sweet .
i use a higher priced one that is not spring loaded .
it also appears to be more cheaply made and does not look as pleasant to have in your house .
i ve gone thru two of these units now .
well i am sorely disappointed after reading all the reviews about this machine .
i ve tried several brands ,  but hadn t tried this one .
after using this attachment i still have to get out the manual can opener to finish opening the cans .
i have better things to do with my time .
i bought these because i needed some cheap aluminum cookingware .
this battery is no better if not worse than the regular htc batteries i have .
i have a  regular size  food processor ,  but i wanted one for mincing garlic .
if  or when  it breaks the repair charge is a minimum $ pictures are another issue .
for a motorcycle or small product okay . for other uses i have no ideawould not buy again .
the high heat is medium and the medium heat is low .
the plastic is thin ,  and it doesn t appear to be very strong .
i have tried them yet so don t know about the scratch resistant quality .
i made some of this coffee ,  and it is the most bitter swill that i ve ever tasted .
lately ,  i don t know why they just feel cheap .
seems like for a holiday gift set you couldn t do much worse .
i really do not think it was worth the money .
i have taken this product for over num_num months now and cannot tell any hormonal differences .
also ,  the parchment paper looks much cheaper than it use to .
these are coated in sugar which make them less gummy and kind of dry .
especially the saves . the graphics were okay but rather child like .
going back to the other brand i used to buy .
it maybe good for look but not protecting it from a fall .
this coffee leaves a lot to be desired .
depending on your taste ,  you might find the flavoring weird .
but ,  wrong !  you can hold num_num cards ,  and sometimes it slides out every now and then .
does not work as well as other brands .
i find the sog knives to be clumsy ,  awkward ,  slow access .
our phone ,  with the case on ,  was dropped one time and the screen is shattered .
i did not have a good experience with this product .
i read in one of the reviews  dont  be fooled by the price  .
i gave these to my husband as a christmas gift and they were very small .
i called revlon and they said they will give me a refund .
other then that this is not a good or even an ok noise cancelling bluetooth .
not much i want to say about this stylus .
after this game drop in price ,  i decided it was about time to buy it .
you can brew better green tea from green tea bags at home .
i am so disappointed that this happened after paying for the product .
i ve mailed them back to amazon for credit .
too bad ,  as these would probably help me .
seems like it s a little more difficult to rinse off than other washes .
avoid ,  save your money get an yepp ,  zen ,  or ipod .
however it is not worth $ for it .
two heavy num_extend traditional garden hoses are attached together to make one long hose .
this was the one thing that my daughter really wanted from santa for christmas .
i bought a size up and they were still too small .
when the phone screen is on and lit up ,  however ,  it s hardly noticeable .
this item was priced really low so i guess i got what i paid for .
i think they have switched to cheaper materials .
i don t know why there aren t quality products availabe .
i gave this to my daughter xmas of num_extend
i would not recommend this product to anyone as it could easily cause a safety issue .
i can backup my files on a cd and copy them onto another computer .
this product was very loose on the phone .
it was cheap enough not to really matter ,  but don t waste your num_num bucks on this .
i had high hopes for this product after reading the reviews ,  but for me it was a dud .
for the price ,  i expected them to be better quality .
the whole thing is no longer than the size of my hand .
i even tried using the tip of the brush which usually applies a little more .
even when i had bought it new  a long time ago  ,  i wasn t too impressed .
when this arrived ,  i had to pay an extra $ for it at the po .
what none of these reviews seem to mention is how crazy loud this thing is .
not a reliable machine for the daily or serious coffee drinker .
it may be suitable for other people ,  but definitely not what i needed .
if my phone is plugged into it and i m using it ,  it loses power .
the ones i had purchased most recently do not hold up well to being washed .
i bought this in may of num_num and it s now september num_extend num_extend
sure wish amazon would have been truthful with their description .
they are hard to get use to and some what clumsy .
i ordered the white ones and the bows are white ,  not red as shown .
a better design would have been to have the lid attached and sliding off partially for emptying .
i guess this product is not for everyone .
it is basically a very hard plastic ring .
at % the leds are only getting about num_extend watts .
i honestly don t know what all the fuss is about with this product .
however ,  you are supposed to snap the lid onto the base to create a permanent seal .
i returned these the same day they arrived in the mail .
i had high hopes based on other reviews ,  but i have seen no benefit .
i m going to try another brand next time .
not really a cereal i would recommend other than for all the natural ingredients .
unfortunately ,  when i use my ear buds the sound is too loud even at the lowest setting .
as a wireless leash ,  it lets you know when you ve left your phone somewhere .
i might give it another try ,  but don t have high hopes .
i know how to work these things ,  i m not dumb so i know i was doing it properly .
most of the time it doesn t work and you end up using your finger anyway .
so i purchased this assuming that ,  if anything were to go wrong ,  it would be replaced free of charge .
the sound of these headphones has too little treble and too much bass .
it might work for some but was a hit and miss for me .
sort of works ,  if you are lucky ,  but its slow and unreliable .
this is the second of two i had ordered and now neither is working .
when the call did work and came through the caller complained of excessive background noise .
that is why i am writing this review .
i was shopping in my local grocery store and passed by an endcap with this coffee .
my dogs take lots of supplements ,  but the smell of this one is overpowering .
i contacted incase and they sent a new case out in about a week .
ok ,  the thing does hold num_num cups as promised .
i just paid num_num dollars for this ,  including shipping .
the  blinken light  came on when turned on .
upon receiving the device i attempted to create an online account .
im glad i didnt spend alot of money on it .
the first one that we got the handle to the large broom was broken in half upon delivery .
the color did not show well in the photo .
this was suppose to be a brand new headset .
the num_extend has rechargable batteries which they claim have num_num hours of use between charges .
this charger will not charge your num_extend while you are using navigation .
not sure what the problem is with mine as i bought them because of the reviews .
i tried to like this headset but in the end i returned it to amazon .
i plugged it into my usb port then suddenly my computer wouldn t start .
all the review gave it a num_num star . i can t , sometime it works sometime it dosen t .
it certainly wasn t any different than anything else i ve used .
i tried to see if i could adjust it but it just isn t made right .
i would have to insert the device into the charger to get it active again .
you don t even know you have it on .
when i purchased the wireless card i also bought a belkin num_extend wireless g router .
the blue opal is not as thick as i was expecting .
i have an num_num month old and a num_num year old .
and ,  so i replaced it with this one ,  and it lasted a few weeks .
the tie down straps have cheap single plastic connecting tabs that are easily pulled apart .
i have that small cup with flat boob top  ski slope  and bigger under bust and wide rib cage .
my other accutire pressure gauge is num_num years old and i m still on the original battery .
this case is basically a hard plastic shell covered by a soft rubber case .
i wanted to try a flavored coffee pod for my senseo machine .
did not work as well as i had hoped .
unfortunately i m not able to recommend this product as it appears to have poor quality control .
this probably wouldn t be a problem if the charger was plugged into a wall outlet .
i don t abuse the brush head since i brush lightly two times for two minutes a day .
it does not mix easily into a thick milkshake type smoothie .
i m getting tired and skeptical of buying stuff based on reading so many positive reviews .
but for $ it should either be wireless or offer some sort of intervalometer feature .
just doesn t work proficiently like i assumed it would othrwise it may work for others .
i went to charge my ipod when the battery .
but i must say it is nearly impossible to remove .
i have used this pot num_num times before i realized it was flaking in my food .
our older plates are made of real lego stuff ,  but perhaps they ve altered their design .
the cookie seemed sort of bland and just wasn t really palatable to me .
i have had this toaster for a bit over num_num years .
it s not something i d buy again and i think there are a lot better choices out there .
the box is too big ,  much more bigger than i thought .
but when the battery wears out ,  you can not replace it yourself .
i cut the unit s plug off and replaced it .
the num_extend unit lasted less than num_num months .
when using them on my iphone i had intermittent cutting out of the sound at higher sounds .
i would be skepticil about buying this again .
i think i would have struggled if i had gotten the large .
i started using these over a month ago ,  and i also haven t noticed any difference whatsoever .
i got one of these but it was defective .
after installing the screen i determined it was low quality .
this product that used to be good to me appears to now be crap .
color a bit darker ,  feels a bit cheap .
but the contents of the soup do not fully  cook  when prepared as instructed .
oh ,  not to mention the graphics are comparable to playstation num_extend maybe .
i have to admit ,  at first i found them to taste a bit odd .
i haven t had much luck with waffles of late .
this vacuum had great suction but the body was not sturdy enough to match its force .
you get what you pay for ,  so i guess i shouldn t be suprised by the low quality .
worked fine for a week ,  then started loosing charge after one hour of use .
this product is a great idea ,  but suffers in its execution .
i was hoping for at least something outta this product .
finally ,  as another reviewer mentioned ,  the packaging on this is a real pain to open .
it takes num_num seconds to get a temperature reading .
the sides are made of very flimsy plastic that bend easily .
the shade looks wonderful in natural light ,  but horrible in pictures .
the material this case is made of feels like it is covered in baby powder .
i guess that you get what you pay for ,  they were cheap price and cheap made .
the home charger and usb charger work fine ,  however ,  the car charger does not work .
but as soon as i moved it stopped working again .
they re not very soft at all ,  actually almost scratchy .
this is too difficult to put on and use .
firstly the packaging was done poorly and it poured onto everything which i have ordered together with it .
the price is so low ,  it would cost me more to send it back than it cost to buy .
in fact ,  this thing makes it more inconvenient charging your phone .
phone charger connection is so flimsy that in certain position it won t charge .
this product had a different smell to me and i guess taste to the cat .
it was great at first but only lasted about num_num manicures .
for just over twice the cost of this brush ,  you can have a much nicer one .
ok ,  first of all ,  i admit ,  my kids are not so friendly to dishes .
the item i received had light pink trim details ,  not purple .
it was ok but i just wasn t happy with the way it looked on my phone .
the wires become disconnected from the part that you plug into the phone .
i have really tried to like garnier s skin products .
if you buy this now and find it obsolete in a year  i . e .
i tried it but it wasn t exactly what i was looking for .
this product just didn t do it for me .
i knew it was small but i didnt think it was that small .
nothing difficult about using it or interfacing it with an amp .
i think thats why they have it at a cheap price to makeup the cost .
the fan is not very powerful at all .
battery cover is not part of the battery .
i don t like that they are made in china .
so if want turn off the phone press the button then touch  slide  .
plus the netgear costs $ here on amazon which is half linksys cost and less than their phone support .
the bad is it only lasted about num_extend weeks before it stopped squeaking .
i thought the paint was peeling off ,  but it wasn t .
i do use it ,  but i don t like it .
i ve worn these for years but the ones i received the last num_num or num_num times are terrible .
second ,  the headphones don t stay attached to your ears .
its so loud now i just took it out and done with air pumps .
it worked for a couple of weeks ,  then the exact same problem .
so ,  as much as i had hoped the product would deliver ,  it did not .
i m going to see if amazon will take it back .
the picture doesn t really match the actual product as well as it should .
not a huge deal  and because there is really nothing special or unique about it .
it didn t fit as i was used to from them .
this contraption latches at the dial ,  which unlatches at the desired time .
only one can be charged at a time ,  and even then the charger is making a humming noise .
this timer got wet ,  i opened the back and let it air out .
i had read about the hard anodized aluminum pans and thought i would like them .
it might be cheap ,  but trust me ,  it s not worth it .
it only toasted one side of the bread most of the time .
some screens you have to use a scroll bar ,  others you just drag your finger to scroll down .
but do yourself a favor and spend another $ and get something better .
i bought this piece of junk for $ after shipping .
it isn t large enough to put a dish or even leftovers in it .
my dog had chewed it and swallowed it in mere seconds .
i bought this item as it was described as new but it was far from it .
most of the time it never worked properly .
i disliked the way this chew splintered and ripped up my dog s mouth as he chewed on it .
the bags are not all that easy to change ,  and quite pricey .
the cord is too short but it did charge the phone .
sorry ,  we wanted to love it ,  but it just didn t cut it with our kids .
i ve been collecting knives for over num_num years .
the one i received was evidently a return .
i first reviewed this item favorably a few months after purchase; however ,  this dispenser simply does not hold up .
also note ,  this grinder is mechanically identical to the mister coffee .
i ordered these because my very favorite earbuds broke and needed a cheap pair untill they are fixed .
it s really creamy .  .  . fake creamy if that makes sense .
the first arrived broken; they sent a second one; it arrived in even worse shape than the first .
also ,  the foam is not thick enough to hold items in place .
i may have gotten a defective model ,  but the one i bought was awful .
the sound is very ,  very tinny and having the radio level turned up causes distortion very num_extend
the flashlight on it doesn t turn off even with new batteries .
i d recommend you not purchase this unless you find it on clearance someplace for less than $
definitely not woth the calories . ps if you want to try them go to walmart i got them there cheap .
this gets very hot and if lifted it would cause a real problem .
i too would give this num_num stars if i could .
i called amazon customer support and got a refund .
i had to spend additional money on two different sets of of ear bud covers .
loreals  last through num_num shampoos  creme gloss product is longer lasting than this so called permanent hair color .
i will give it another try sometime ,  but so far ,  i am not impressed .
i set off the safety feature just being in my purse .
i had another disappointing experience regarding the price .
i have used other products in the past and never had a problem .
i ordered this phone to replace a droid num_num that only lasted a week .
even when in place ,  the earbuds were not very comfortable .
it s too small to manipulate ,  even for children s small fingers .
no ,  i would not intentionally buy this again .
i just took this out of the box and turned it on to pair it with my iphone num_extend
i also noticed soap scum in my tub was quicker to build up with this soap than others .
i ve tried fiddling with it a lot and just can t get it on without compromising some use .
the key is too small and the box can be opened even when locked .
not to mention the part where it s crooked and therefore hardly fits the screen .
i tried to connect by ipod to the tv .
even in bright outdoor situations ,  the pictures were under exposed and grainy .
we tried these because they were on sale .
i shouldn t have paid this price for it ,  really was a ripoff .
for something like an iphone that is presumably used all day long  seriously .
it shipped in one of those plastic containers that you have to use scissors to open .
i have the charger at the back of the sink behind the radio and out of the way .
none of these products for sale on amazon are available for $
i thought since it was the same company that makes these they d be very similar .
i m glad i did not pay alot for it .
i am used to strong coffee but this is was just a travesty .
i bought this based on all of the glowing review but it didn t work for my itchy boy .
if you plan on buying these you better expect that the sizing will not be as you expected .
it wasn t always being recognized by my ipad but i thought it was normal .
it ground the first batch of beans ,  enough for num_num cups of coffee ,  with no problem .
i would recommend u buy a better protecter that cost more .
the only plus side was the all metal shower hose that still own and use with a different bidget .
the square handle makes the unit awkward and sometimes painful to num_extend
i m really glad i didn t leave it in there longer .
the description should clarify that they will only fit quite small ears ,  or youngsters .
i ll end up replacing these with a better metal unit .
so ,  i ordered one size smaller ,  but they were more like num_num sizes smaller .
i have to admit i only used this once .
just look at ebay how many  refurbished  ones are for sale .
as far as knowing how well this item performs ,  i have no idea .
not incredibly bad ,  but no wow factor ,  especially for today .
being so cheap i m not too upset ,  but it is still a waste .
it s cheap though so i wasn t too dissapointed .
i guess i thought this was going to be a smoother product but it wasn t .
overall ,  i m very disappointed in this device ,  and now i m looking for a replacement .
while i haven t used it enough yet ,  i m not quite convinced the polishing cup really makes a difference .
the applicator for this product has been changed .
in normal pants the width would be just ok and sometimes a little snug .
this makes it very hard to work with plugged in .
i spose for no important reason this blade would do you subpar okay .
on top of that my older waterpik never had a problem over the years i have had it .
for what you pay it s a terrible value .
i can t recommend these but they are not the worst i have ever eaten either .
this process without question heats the room quickly ,  but it also completely eliminates any moisture from the air .
i was disappointed with this product on the basis of contents and quality .
these top not only fell apart pretty easily ,  they were also so cheaply made .
so i exchanged this product for a new one ,  thinking it was defective .
it actually looks duller than it used to .
you get what you pay for and i should have known better .
i tried changing with fresh batteries ,  but it just wouldn t work .
something should be done by manufacturer to improve quality of product .
by something else from someone else and stay away from this one .
i never had this issue with my belkin screen protectors on my sii .
then i used my spot shot carpet cleaner and the stain was finally gone .
this creates an odd shaped slice of bread .
i don t know if this stuff really works or not .
i have had these for nine months and have not abused them .
i now have the samsung wep and after a few weeks ,  no problems as of yet .
i am not upset since it was only $ and i have prime so shipping was free .
it is also at least a foot shorter than the stock cord .
then ,  you have to pour tiny cups into the lid .
not horrible ,  but not worth wasting my money on either .
this item sadly is just not made like it used to be .
but there is just too much pepper in these .
and for a very short bit ,  it did .
however ,  during that year ,  i found much not to like about this product .
i thought that the case would sort of protect my ipod but it doesn t .
not sure if the problem is the dock or the charging  buttons  on the bottom of the device .
the color is much darker than pictured ,  and it is a mess .
it doesn t taste too bad when it s freezing cold and you gulp it quickly down your throat .
i sent it back for a full refund .
avoid this cable at all costs !  it will damage your equipment .
the rubber on the sides were all uneven and it didnt fit my phone right .
this is not a great product to buy .
i also think the waffles are a little too thin .
it was ok while it lasted but that wasn t long .
this may work for smaller cellphones ,  but my vibrant was too big to slide in .
this pot appears to be the same quality of the cuisinart and not as highly polished .
finally ,  i tried adjusting the internal trim pot .
i am getting a little upset and tell them i have already upgraded the firmware .
i sent them back to amazon and got a replacement pair .
i hve bought this one as a back up to an hx num_num i lost and it was horrible .
i think it just tastes just like tap water .
save yourself some frustration and buy a higher quality .
the do that i received has a lid that doesn t fit snugly .
comfort was ok but these will just be in my bag as a last resort extra .
i m back to using my old battery with my otterbox defender case .
don t bother if you need a fast charge at an airport or coffee shop .
we purchased this like num_num month ago or so .
with most cookware i ve used i could let the sauce go unobserved for fifteen minutes with no problems .
this model from the very first time i used it had a horrid battery life .
i originally bought this knife to replace my spyderco kriss that i was carrying in my left pocket .
i replaced the factory provided batteries to no avail .
i bet i ll get one usage out of it .
how it looks ,  is nothing like the real thing .
as an aside ,  i thought the tiffen filters looked and felt cheap .
but this one just isn t worth the money if you want it for more than just a novelty toy .
i stopped taking it and am working on ridding of the excess stomach fat it gave me .
if you have other options i suggest you to try any other product before buying this .
i may amend my review if the replacement unit is better ,  but it s still num_num stars at best .
if i paid what it is currently listed for $ i would be less unhappy than i am .
this headphone proved my notion wrong . the sound quality is awfully bad .
you re supposed to be able to recharge the battery and leave the unit resting in the cradle .
i will try another and send this one back .
do i cough up more than half the original price to have it fixed ?  probably not .
i was initially impressed with these out of the box ,  but after a few months i am disappointed .
i wasn t expecting too much from this bracelet ,  and i m glad because i really didn t get much .
so ,  i wouldn t recommend using this more than a couple times a week .
i m not sure of what really went wrong ,  but my phone started acting funny after using this battery .
i had these things all over my house ,  inside and out .
i origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola num_extend
it doesn t have the same built quality of the hoya s with the same price range .
the problem is probably in the submini phone plug making a poor connection with the handset .
unfortunately ,  amazon is allowed to misrepresent an item and then deny a return .
only takes two batteries ,  and they last awhile  i use rechargeables  .
i ll update this review when i find out whether it is the sight at fault ,  or the tool .
it happened a few times when i used this product .
it s just a bit unwieldy . another point that concerns me is the method of cleaning .
this is so very small and not made sturdy at all .
it may be as good or better than other transmitters that are available ,  but it s still pretty lousy .
that is until the day in october when it broke while i was adjusting the position .
it s practically impossible not to get a piece of lint in between the screen and the protector .
gave num_num stars because it is easy to apply but it smears and fades within an hour of application .
however ,  it also cut my voice out at times .
read all reviews hoping this would be for me but it isn t .
i tried hard to like this ,  i really did .
of course ,  i ve tried both ports and made sure the charger and usb are firmly seated .
i m a fan of the pamela s products line of cookies but this one tastes strange .
i also tried it on another vehicle  ford  .
the headset maybe bluetooth ,  but the earbuds are wired so it is pretty much pointless for the bluetooth .
i also have to wipe off the brush of all the excess before i can use it .
they arrived with other items ,  in a bigger package ,  and the package was not damaged .
i tried these over the other competing brand ,  which is made in the usa .
what happened to the price ?  i paid a fraction of what it s being sold for now .
when the headset is powered on ,  the button flashes .
if your looking for lighter ,  cheaper and harder cookware to clean go for the kitchen aid .
so ,  i picked up this inexpensive potato slicer $ to give it a try .
they were fine for about one week and they stopped working completely .
i used it to connect external hard drives and a wireless mouse .
anyway ,  here s my experience .  .  . took a little over a week to get .
it might be better than nothing if you are on a diet and can t eat wheat .
there s some phone functions u cant access because the cover gets in the way and its bulky .
tastes a little bitter ,  like it is made from stale or low quality rice .
for my limited needs ,  i will probably go back to a kitchen aid hand mixer .
once again like the longer set .  .  . these do not glide over the touchscreens very smoothly .
i wish i had paid more attention to the reviews .
i ordered a  medium  and they where way to big on me  i am num_extend num_extend and num_num lbs  .
this headset would have been nice ,  but absolutely no multipoint ,  will not connect to num_num devices at one time .
i have no idea why this has so many positive reviews .
please ,  please please save yourself the money and do not buy this cable .
just spent a extra num_num dollars and get a better case than this .
even my wife ,  who has much smaller hands than i ,  finds the new pair uncomfortable .
i figured i d get the same thing at a fraction of the price .
when i ordered this ,  i was expecting the product to match the description .
i purchased these batteries less than two years ago .
i think my expectations were too high for this product .
so crappy didnt even fit my phone but i did get my money back .
coffee was quite dry when i got it .
it looks like they re thick and heavy in the picture but they re actually flimsy and not that heavy .
still ,  wish for better at the same price .
when i contacted amazon ,  they said my size was no longer available so they sent these .
i tried to stretch them out ,  as they are supposed to fit up to a num_num inch limb .
it wasn t worth it ,  so i won t buy again .
did not get the result i wanted by using this product .
second ,  the quality is not that great because they show scratch marks so easily .
being under the impression that this is the same model i ve purchased these .
i can t use the ear buds because they constantly fall out of my ears .
some people like the smell of coffee on their face ,  others don t .
i spend most of my time on the playstation num_extend
looking at this purchase ,  i shouldn t have expected much .
yeah thats what isaid back in num_extend when it first came out .
i read bad reviews but i kept my mind open ,  till now .
priced well ,  not too expensive ,  but i will not get this again because the count is not equatable .
it s flimsy and feels fragile ,  like the molded parts weren t really done to fit together very well .
i have used this brand before ,  but they have changed the little plastic piece on the tip .
not the greatest quality item and is flimsy and loud .
none the less i am upset and bought a new vacuum .
if i new that then i would ve bought the cheaper one i was comparing it to .
i ve grown my own stevia and powdered it and didn t get that aftertaste .
it took about one hour to  clean  it and clean up the mess in my kitchen .
i have been feeding this to my dog for a year now .
they could pass for a knock off brand .
i bought two of these over a period of time and both of them had the same problem .
usually ,  i put a gel or cream on my hair to calm the frizziness .
that is all i have trouble opening !  also ,  it is unsightly and bulky to store .
but this machine will have cost me $ in repairs if i replace the broken handle again .
as soon as i returned i sent these back for a refund .
they re kinda long but thin  about the size of my index finger  .
normally i love belkin products ,  but this one didn t measure up .
no complaints about fit ,  but its nothing special .
this is very sturdy but takes too long and the fabric so thick not convenient to wash .
it was such a waste of money ,  i wish i had bought a new set of blades instead .
it seems i go through these things like i drink coffee .
i love the regular and deacaff versions unflavored  of donut house coffee but this is not good .
so if you fill the reservior to the num_extend mark ,  the hot coffee just overflows all over the place .
it s just plain mediocre  which it should not be for the price  while relatively stationary .
this is the second pet naturals product i ve tried on my cat .
easy to do  one of the blades may snag on the grille ,  causing it to snap off ,  ruining it .
on my previous xbox ,  i owned num_extend and num_extend and when i got my xbox num_extend i bought num_extend
they used to be better quality ,  or at least the older ones in the same style are .
tried it on my new htc rezound and had to have it reset to orginal state .
use a bluetooth instead or get a new phone  or cell providor  .
really irritating because now i have to pay another $ to get a new one .
i don t write a ton of negative reviews ,  but i had to chime in here .
i ended up using a couple layers of cheese cloth instead . one other  nit  to pick .
amazon returned the item through ups with no problem .
this one was streaky and left my nails looking horrible .
my sister said hers does the same thing .
this is after approximately one month or so total use over time .
from what i can recall ,  this tasted like cheap coffee to us .
item does not fit tight  or even close  around phone .
the opening mechanism on this twitch ii knife is better ,  but i am still not impressed .
this product fit my girlfriends num_extend the cheetah print design started to rub off within a few weeks .
in addition to mre s ,  i decided to go ahead and purchase some freeze dried food .
this product seemed to be sealed fine ,  but the salt inside is very wet .
beware ,  it may seem like a great cheap item at first ,  but it could turn on you too !  .
this pillow is hard and hurts my lower back .
your experience may differ . i like the handle design being long and angled for which i gave two stars .
product is made very cheap and also not perfectly in shape .
i am a month into using this one ,  and it does nothing .
i bought this for my phone and it didn t even work .
too much sugar also although i could overlook that if the bar tasted good .
it s not even the size of a bic pen .
the following reasons together make these earphones unusable for me .
i was very disappointed after reading so many positive reviews .
you d be better off just charging your phone directly instead of through this charger .
connection is hit or miss with my samsung galaxy smartphone .
the metal parts are sturdy and dependable ,  but the plastic joints were what let me down .
this lotion temporarily moisturized but also left my skin feeling greasy .
guess what ?  it broke and i through this case away and bought an otterbox .
they ve changed these filters from what they used to be .
while the num_extend isn t bad at anything ,  it isn t better than the num_extend
for num_num cent it seemed a steal but this one went right into the trash .
most times ,  if it seals at all ,  the lid comes off with the sealer .
well for one thing it has a smell  josie s had no smell  .
that s not real great for using a  mobile  phone if you truly need to be stationary .
i gave this a low rating because it almost works too well .
maybe i just got a bad unit but my review stands on the product i received .
a pack of cookie mix at walmart is around num_num dollars .
so ,  over the long term ,  it s more expensive to use .
if one is willing to pay boutique prices for coffee ,  one can do far better .
when putting batteries in to use i noticed the backing that closed the batteries in was broken .
you might get a few years out of this one but it won t be passing to the next generation .
i originally gave my review of num_num stars ,  but now i m changing it .
soap was a powder ,  at least much of it was .
the top portion to go over the screen ,  the slider part of the phone ,  doesn t fit properly .
the product was hard to install and also did not stick that well on my iphone .
made in china crap and not worth returning .
lest you think me a novice ,  i roast and grind my own coffee .
the taste is just not for me ,  and there is too much of it .
when you have two things ,  whether speakers or headphones ,  plugged in to this the overall volume is greatly decreased .
i thought they might last longer than num_num months .
this earphones sound terrible and are uncomfortable to wear .
i would suggest the nike num_extend headband headphones .
they were great product did not preform to me .
hopefully one will fit; if not ,  i will have to send the lid back .
fortunately i had another one that just happened to fit . also ,  the latch is a little flimsy .
overall this just seems like a cheap ,  low quality product .
like at least one other reviewer has commented ,  this vacuum is not durable .
the sound is too poor of quality for thirty .
i would rather buy an expensive one than waste money on this .
this is the second time i ve purchased these  .  .  . big mistake .
this warmer does not shut it s self off .
the battery didn t quite fit in my phone and i wasn t going to force it .
i m confused by all the num_num star reviews because i don t like this product at all .
immediately i took it out of the box i went through the manual and charged it .
i think it is the part that plugs in that is causing this issue ,  not the cable .
the plastic casing is really cheap and the mirror quality is less than good .
when it arrived i immediately washed it out and made a pot of coffee .
runs smaller than my other es shoes ,  returned .
they had an odd shine to them ,  they looked more like coated women s jeans .
it is not stripped but it does will not stay tight even from the first use .
i would have to sharpen after every use .
i guess it would be ok for someone with a thin to medium build to use .
had this connected up to an old num_extend amp .
i don t abuse my tools in any way ,  but they do experience a normal amount of use and wear .
i bought mine from num_extend as an extra cable for my iphone num_extend
scratched and cracked the glass edges of my $ iphone .
it gets a little warm but not enough to stea .
material seems cheap though it does work as advertised so far .
after reading all the great reviews i figured the item could not be that bad .
other pomades i ve used washes off easily with just water .
they lasted just barely num_num months on my car .
first off ,  let me say i have put dozens of screen protectors on my phone and num_extend players .
i would have much preferred a more substantial hinge ,  with a metal pin .
it s very citrus like and dry just like the women s version .
the handles are made of cheap plastic ,  are uncomfortable ,  and poorly balanced .
i am very unsatisfied with the quality of this product .
i ve used it maybe num_num times and during those times it functioned .
unlike some others ,  i haven t had any problems with battery life .
it is not worth half of what it cost .
it your using them for dry foods or use them to store food in the fridge then their fine .
i think it is still in my fridge .
the back of the case is really rough on the hands ,  not really comfortable to hold .
i put it in a juice with diluted water .
not going to return such a low price product .
it did last a num_num months ,  but from other reviews i thought it would last .
then the latches on the lid also broke ,  so i have to guess now when my top is latched .
i bought this for my new num_extend but it did nothing .
from what i m reading here ,  it probably isn t the problem .
i was able to hear my caller; however my caller was not able to hear me .
putting on lotion or oil out of the shower .
i m not so certain this was worth it .
i bought this for my husband iphone ,  within the first num_num days the plastic chrome piece came off .
the taste just isn t good enough to fit the price .
it is deceptive that this product uses the word  entree  in the title .
it s not terrible ,  but it s not very pretty .
i m returning it to the store i purchased from .
i m not sure if i got a dud ,  or if this is how the actual product works .
after all ,  there aren t very many junk foods that i don t like .
most people now are buying the num_extend or the num_extend ipods .
the power and volume buttons had to be mashed to get them to work .
i ll just have to chuck a few more dollars at a better one .  .  . if i can find one .
this coffee maker doesn t pour well at all .
try activating bluetooth or any other phone related function during a phone call .
first problem was when i opened the package i immediately realized that i received a completely different product .
i bought this grinder after a target special burr grinder failed on me .
i thought i was getting a good deal ,  but now have gone out and bought a more expensive brand .
i d buy something else if i were you .
i d suggest you look for a better product .
it worked fine but after i left some coffee in it ,  the inside surface seemed to corrode .
i purchased this because of how compact it was however i barely got a num_num foot range with it .
i do not recommend it if you are like me .
but it was only good for num_num days .
although i didnt find the smell of it very bad .
so ,  really ,  the value is not that great here .
the num_extend sells for about % less than the zomm .
i could not believe it !  then ,  i did some research on line and found out .
okay first of all i used this product for num_num weeks .
this may be easy to use but it is not easy to clean .
my personal problem with the product is it s kind of hard to remove the phone from the case .
cuisinart is supposed to be the top of the line .
overall ,  it took a month for me to get the product and then the product was just ok .
this product ,  other than being the wrong color for me ,  is exactly like the apple branded product .
if you buy this ,  make sure you can return it .
i told her that over num_num reviews gave it num_num stars .
took a bite and the only thing i could taste was sugar .
it failed on several levels :  first ,  it is num_extend thicker than the stock incredible battery .
i was excited to get this but once opened i was overwhelmed by smell .
if so ,  i m going to start stockpiling num_extend
i didn t notice any difference with this product .
sometimes there wasn t even a snapping sound because it sliced through my nail so smoothly .
we purchased like num_num the price is awesome but num_num out of num_num were broken or did not fit .
for this model ,  the fit seems to be too snug .
it arrived loose in its packaging ,  had fingerprints on it ,  and was scrached .
the  stainless  steel has become stained through normal use ,  and the stains don t come out with scrubbing .
if only i had seen these reviews prior to making this purchase .
unfortunately ,  these headphones stopped syncing to my phone .
also ,  i have some compact flash cards for my digital camera lying around .
i can t believe i paid money for this .
the holster does not hold my husbands phone .
in a world of perfectly fine usb cables ,  why would you want this one that is weird ?  you don t .
my allergies do seem worse ,  though ,  so it s doing something .
it was great while it worked ,  but it died way too soon for my taste and budget . laura .
wayyyy wayyy over priced . other :  i can t believe i spend $ on this .
it leaves a bit of residue which i would not recommend for hands .
works fine for her ,  but the battery barely lasts through a day s use .
i ve woken up to find my phone nearly dead after a night of  charger  ,  or so i thought .
i used this with a samsung galaxy num_extend
they don t feel as cushiony as they used to ,  even when brand new .
not yakisoba . it is not that bad but kind of greasy . just yakisoba favor .
so often i don t like it and i am stuck with so much on hand .
save your money ,  as inexpensive as this product is it is not worth the money .
they refunded me which is all that matters i guess .
fortunately ,  i paid less than $ for it but even then it s not worth it .
my gf got this and used it for a week then never touched it again .
and lastly adds too much bulk to the phone .
although my phone didnt brake ,  whenever my phone fell the case came off .
it s not too big or heavy to stick on the fridge or in a drawer .
this product didn t really work from the get go .
i don t know what to say about this toy .
i ve used the same made from scrap recipe for years so i know it wasn t the batter .
since the plastic is pretty tough ,  it can t be done with a knife; i used a dremel rotary tool .
today i had a power outage at my home for a few seconds .
i ordered according to the size chart but it just seems too big .
it does not come with the attachments that is needed to do the job .
i have waited over a year for this ,  and now ,  i am disapointed .
this case is cheap but it does not fit the iphone num_extend
the bass is reduced ,  that s the reason ,  it does not blur even at high volumes .
this grinder produced an inconsistent grind and was noisy .
after many emails with amazon they credited me and sent a replacement boot .
i checked with the seller and found out i had gone over the warranty period .
i m back to using regular wired headphones ,  this time spending only $ on an aiwa pair that i like .
i originally gave it num_num stars but i m giving it num_num now .
when the volume is turned up so you can hear it there is too much static .
this product does not do what it claims .
have been using this machine for num_num months .
it does not fit on the iphone num_extend
wasted my time ,  i could get them from honest seller .
starbucks is known for robust coffees ,  but this was lackluster at best .
i ve been using this product for about num_num days .
unfortunately ,  this battery pack seems to lose its charge fairly quickly .
i do not buy food items from china .
needless to say ,  i was not a big fan of this product .
i have had the item for a little over num_num days now .
i can tell ,  you can buy all of these items for less money .
it does not seem very special ,  and it s far from memory foam .
$ is too much for a new center speaker ,  as sold here in amazon .
these are cheap plastic and it was not what expected .
you won t be sorry ,  like i am for buying this .
it s construction is not great ,  but for the money ,  it isn t terrible .
the only positive effect about this product it made me extremely horney .  . lol . be careful with this product .
in the end this only lasted a few weeks .
when i returned it ,  the second one wasn t any different .
the sliding control has a cheap plastic piece connecting the knob to the rheostat .
well ,  when i get this item ,  i notice the box seems a little less than new .
it was cheap so i don t feel too bad .
now i have reduced it to num_extend because after one use ,  it will not charge .
unless your ear is perfectly shape to conform to the headsets ,  it is a bad fit .
one has been in use for more than num_num years the other almost a year now .
other brands didn t have the same effect ,  but when i tried this one ,  it did .
i really wanted to like this one ,  oh well .
you are far better off with a slightly less sharp ,  less brittle steel ,  such as wusthof .
i even had the meat half frozen like it suggested and it still got bound up .
i decided on a breadman ,  mostly due to some of the ratings i read on here .
actually ,  you don t need as many ,  given that small overall size .
so cheap compared to the unit i just reviewed .
i wasn t comfortable ,  but more importantly the sound quality was poor .
it look as if it does nothing for supporting the phone .
i got what i paid for which was a crap product .
the graphics are a little dated now num_extend but not brutally so .
i am a num_extend in nearly every size but apparently i am not in this one .
the only positive side to this product is that is shipped quickly .
as far as listening to music they are bad .
as soon as i reinstalled the old cable ,  my video was fine .
the ear bud broke off shortly after i started using these .
crappy product in my opinion ,  some of you may like it and i don t care .
buttons stick and it hangs up on calls unless in bluetooth or hands free mode .
some how after about a month it quit working at all .
i ve only used this mixer maybe num_num times before it blew up .
so i don t expect them to last much longer .
this is not num_num inches ,  it is num_num inches . measure the pan you need this for before you buy this .
it s kind of annoying ,  but not a deal breaker .
i called customer service ,  they told me to reformat and upgrade firmware  i already had the latest  .
it worked great for about num_num months but has developed the same problem the previous cable had .
it requires too hard of a contact for my comfort .
when i had bronchitis ,  i used to to aid in air exchange and lessen coughing .
that wasn t a huge deal as it could chill cans really quickly with just the water pump .
like when you leave your iphone or bb too close to your office phone .
i walked into my kitchen and came right back .
i only have one problem with this headset :  i cannot get the earbuds to stay in my ear .
it is just like a slow cooker and it is so small .
this shoes are too short and too narrow for my size num_extend feet .
it was not a good product to buy .
i returned it for the same product and had no hassle .
however ,  the balls roll too easily ,  and it s easy to move them by bumping or angling the board .
i was warned that this product would break after a few months .
they may smell nice but they perform mediocre at best .
plus ,  it is too small in size for the price .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i bought this phone case for my boyfriend who is constantly dropping his phone .
i work on the computer industry and usually do not have problems with installing new devices like these .
i was hoping this product would be easy for me to use .
the plastic is cheap and does not go on well .
if you want protection for your iphone ,  this is not the case for you .
i would say they used coffee beans that had been sitting around for a while .
there are plenty of other ,  better cases that are similarly priced .
i really don t care how slim a phone is .
that means if your bread needs few extra minutes ,  you have to finish it in the conventional oven .
but with current pricing that is not attractive .
i am am now out of the num_extend system .
this is a neat accessories to have but the quality is subpar .
my husband hasn t had any complaints with that one so far .
i purchased it in january num_num and it broke about a month ago .
i did receive this as part of the vine program at amazon ,  so i didn t pay anything for this .
unfortunately ,  they no longer sell this ,  as i have worn out the charging system and the unit needs help .
it s a lot lighter and less substantial than oh s ,  however ,  and has a weird aftertaste  a bad aftertaste  .
this product was sent to me broken and actually drained my battery when i set it in .
i have trouble hearing people on the other end and they do not hear me so well .
that s not good for people with hand trouble .
did all the requirements of breaking in a new battery but still does not hold a good battery life .
i purchased this mid august and it was recalled september num_extend
i don t know why this got good reviews .
when i want to make a call ,  i press the voice dialer app on the phone .
the luxmo ac travel wall charger is num_extend not num_extend as listed .
there are far better options for a similar price .
but because i am sensitive to emf radiation ,  i returned it and bought this crane low power transmitter .
there are lots of other gloves available ,  take the time to look for something better !  .
but it was expensive so i was expecting better quality .
you will be better off boiling water in a pot and using a towel overhead to use the steam .
in the mean time i set about fixing the old one .
i ve had this knife for about num_num years and i used it moderately to divide perennials .
purchased to update firmware on my harman kardon num_extend and num_extend
ultimately ,  it s too easy . also ,  controls ,  at times ,  are way too confusing .
not bad for the price ,  if it worked as advertised .
but thats what you get for it being so cheap .
so i returned it back to amazon . pros :  price ,  construction quality ,  handlingcons :  sound ,  not able to handle neck hair .
the product did seem to remove the stains but it is leaving a strong waxy residue behind .
the color bled out with the first wash and they faded like they were a decade old .
i am totally unable to drink this package undiluted with regular coffee ,  it would have to be strongly diluted .
now ,  after just shy of num_num years from the time i purchased it ,  it quit working again .
the knob would then wiggle around in it s setting .
i plug it into my phone and nothing .
obviously ,  judging by the other reviews ,  the quality control on this product leaves a lot to be desired .
i used one anyway but it s obviously to big and doesn t look right .
this is what i thought i was purchasing .
hard to put on and even harder to take off .
when i was told i could have this game i was pumped .
sound was mediocre at best compared to the  stock  earphones that came with the ipod .
this unit uses up the batteries even when it is off .
maybe it s not meant for my skin type .
there were num_num star and num_num star reviews .
i want wireless headphones because i prefer not having the cord dangling from my head at work .
i ve had a lot more problems with ebay than amazon ,  which is why i switched .
supposed to be a bargain but it isn t .
just lock your phone and u should be fine .
i just keep replacing the batteries . however ,  as of num_extend the item that was received is the model num_extend
i would have preferred a vivid color instead .
the taste was not bad ,  but it was very weak .
if it was just a light tint ,  i would ve been happy but it was an opaque ,  dark ,  dark brown .
we have major hair problems from my cats .
i ll buy a cheaper knife instead ,  i imagine .
we had hoped this would help with that issue .
which may not be a problem since i want these for lots of walking in the summer .
when it comes time to change this blade ,  i will be confused .
it is the same label as sold elsewhere .
this works sometimeshowever ,  most of the time ,  it refuses to charge and even overheats your device .
and it s like ,  i know it s crap ,  but i keep using it .
when i ordered this item i had to wait because it was on back order .
i thought i was going to get the blue one ,  i was wrong .
in short ,  i hve played for almost num_num hours ,  and am still on level four .
and it s ok for a snack ,  but i wouldn t eat this on a regular basis .
over all if i could send this product back i would .
so i unplugged it and plugged in another one .
this coffee just didn t do it for me .
there are a couple reasons i would not buy this again .
not impressed considering the quality of products i wouild expect from antec .
the fnx num_num fits in the holster but you cannot get it out without taking the holster off .
a few num_extend many indicate that the speaker will sound better by adjusting your receiver .
the ring that they are on is flimsy ,  and while it is easy to remove them ,  it s a pain .
i was really excited to try these cookies when i first saw them in the grocery store .
even with freshly ground beans ,  the coffee was not good .
the product is made in china ,  not corning ,  ny .
this is not my first time using screen protectors .
how can you go wrong with beef jerky ?  you can t except this one wasn t that great .
the battery drains extremely quick because the stupid case keeps it on .
its a total compelty different one . doesnt look nothing like this the one i recieved .
if you are tight on cash these will do ,  but will not be my first choice .
in my case ,  it seemed to sort reviews so the relevant ones appear first .
i have purchased and used many similar products with much better results .
my phone screen isn t damaged but the shield has indentations all over it .
it s a very cheap product ,  the hair comes off easily and creates only mess and headaches .
buy something less expensive in your local drugstore , and don t waste your money on this product .
i will return it to the store and get something more stable .
this product seems like it should be of good quality however i could never get them to connect .
i m losing weight ,  so i m going to hang on to them .
since their price is three times that they are about the worst value in headphones .
occasionally it disconnects from its receiver which makes it useless until you push the connect button on the receiver .
i have made several purchases  all at same time  and the product is made in china crap .
everything was going fine until i started screwing in the mounting screws for the sight .
bought this from all of the rave reviews but just didn t impress me .
i should have paid more attention to the size of this item .
i bought a krups toaster that burned toast on a regular basis .
this item here is a waster of money .
i purchased this iron instead of the rowenta i had looked at and now wish i had purchased .
next disappointment was having to use a can opener to open the can .
the blades are shifted and not easy to work with it .
i like the bottle while it s not broken ,  but i ve had num_num bottles break at the same weak point .
how can a screen protector has so many scratches ?  i don t get it .
also the brown color you see in the picture is about num_num shades off from the real color .
its an extremely cheap case ,  i would rather use a bumper case .
wtf ! if i had known these headphones were of bizarre design ,  i would not have purchased them .
i think they are darling but they are just cut wrong .
don t waste your money just spend a lil more money and get a better quality eyepiece .
this item was almost the same price and poor quality .
it s a shame they don t have a gasket ,  but they rely on plastic against plastic to form the seal .
update :  after contacting the company they refunded my money .
i did extensive research after i bought these because it was not working for me .
bad decision . i knew there was a problem when i opened the bag and the coffee smelled burnt .
i was disappointed as i loved the look of it ,  but i am looking for a better one .
it is not for everyone . i do not give my endorsement for this product .
it s about two inches longer than itrent ,  and a little thinner .
instead of providing a broad ,  soft light to enhance the screen ,  this light produces a narrow ,  harsh glare .
i hope i don t have to wet my hair all over again . i ll try a few more times .
now i have to buy a new num_extend  :   .
subsequently ,  he placed an order  for $ less  on amazon .
i tried it for about num_extend weeks before i returned it to petco .
i always clean the machine and dry everything before storing ,  only use hoover soap ,  and baby the darn thing .
i wish i had gotten the one with smaller holes .
the phone itself functions ok ,  but it s a bit on the slow side .
we were not using the product wrong .  .  . it just did not work .
i ve tried num_num different cables and they work on different car chargers .
it s low glycemic ,  has prebiotics ,  and also contains minerals .
this is the first one i have ever purchased where they really missed the mark .
i used them on nokia num_extend num_extend android ,  and iphone num_extend
i bought this to cook rice ,  but it was a miserable failure at it .
we ll work with it but i ll be buying from somewhere else for sure in the future .
i have a num_num gallon nano mixed reef tank with num_num fish .
i m num_extend which makes my height about the height of an average man .
when i do get it plugged in the cord will short out frequently if it is bent even slightly .
i have another charger and have no issues with it because it will show a charge on my iphone .
these screen protectors were not the exact match for the samsung galaxy s .
this overpriced mixer itself seemed ok when i got it .
this is not worth the money that was charged .
but since i got this one over a year ago i have only used it num_num times .
anyway  ,  went online to buy a variety of products to try .
this product isn t easy to use or clean ,  and its quite painful .
i remove chunks and might soak the nasty stuff to soften it before putting it in the dishwasher .
the toaster is great ,  but .  .  . but the flaw is that the weakest point is the lift for the toast .
all this is is a few drops of weak ,  not very good coffee ,  with extra caffeine added .
next time i will get a better brand .
this probably would be fine for outdoor use ,  but indoors it is almost intolerably loud .
and yes when i purchased this i tried it immediately to baseline it to prove accuracy .
i got new batteries installed still no luck .
in the num_extend it was the teeny acoustimass surround systems .
i ve never owned a different pair of bluetooth headphones .
it would work with one set of batteries ,  but not another .
in the long run lesson learned once again you get ehat you pay for .
even if it works though ,  i really doubt it will last very long sadly .
it simply is not compatible with a screen protector .
it does slice the cheese ,  salami ,  etc .  ,  but not necessarily evenly .
this grinder does not produce evenly ground coffee ,  there is some fine powder ,  and some coarser coffee .
it arrived on time that is the only thing good i can say about this .
the cable quality is ok and is only approx .
the case does protect ,  but no magnet to turn off phone .
however , the enclosed usb cable provided to recharge the batteries is not usable .
either i received a defective unit ,  or this is by far the worst bluetooth unit i ve ever tried .
i have had the case for about num_num weeks now ,  the case has chipped and become discolored .
i have owned now num_num bb brand headsets and both failed  one side stops working  .
in my opinion this should be a rectangle shape large enough to cover the circle .
not gonna get into how these sound except to say they sound great .
she said that last year a product i had worked much better .
i ordered this as a sort of joke gift for my wife and some friends to play with .
it also looks a bit cheap in my opinion .
i wont buy this stuff again ,  that s for sure .
i bought a new battery and tossed the old one thinking this was the problem .
i am returning it and looking for a better value .
i ordered this product and it took num_num weeks before i got it .
the only good thing i can say is that the shipping was fast .
but i didn t hate it while it worked .
as an added bonus ,  it uses much less real estate on your hard drive .
its working again ,  but i now just rinse out the pot .
these are not . these look the same as the other brand .
i wanted different color other than the one i have .
i m not one to leave negative reviews but i have to on this one .
i initially bought this to avoid the bulky look and sweaty num_extend
was not what i thought it was going to be .
finally after rebooting the machine twice ,  i got it to work . next getting the software to work was another challange .
i have gone through three num_extend motorola headsets .
also ,  the power button was pretty difficult to press ,  and the volume buttons seem pretty cheaply made .
eventually i sold it for maybe % of that .
since i keep a lot of jpegs and small videos on my ipaq .
i will amend my report when i get my filter .
i contacted panasonic for a  no hassle  replacement since it was under warranty .
if this product were $ to $ i would give it num_num stars .
i contacted amazon and they apologized for the sellers poor quality .
i am glad to hear it works for some ,  but not for me .
i was really excited about this product ,  however right from the start things didn t appear right .
as my title says is simply does not work with my iphone num_extend
i ordered num_extend and it did fit but looks granny .
my hamilton beach mixer is just sitting on my counter looking pretty .
there is a flaw with the cable however .
it s such a shame ,  because it has a great sound ! stay away from buying one !  .
however ,  it is so cheaply made that it just isn t worth the money spent .
don t have the same hold as other brands i have used .
it is small and doesn t hold a lather on the loofah side .
as it claims ,  it is num_extend for the most part .
and became instant garbage . silly me ,  i stupidly bought another just like it .
bumper was cute at first ,  but my radio connector in my car wouldn t fit with it on .
maybe i got a reject ?  i have cooked my share of eggs over the years .
it s just a bunch of crunchy puffed rice tossed in with some flakes .
so i sent them back .  .  . i really don t like that we have to write a certain number of words !  .
i ve written other rave reviews ,  but unfortunately i think the bad reviews get more attention on here .
in addition i thought it was overpriced at $ loreal makes better products for under $
so i m back to using my motorola num_extend
disappointed  and just past the warranty  ,  i mentioned it to my sister who bought me the second for xmas .
i bought two of these to replace my slower belkin hubs ,  but discovered that this product is not reliable .
i have discovered ,  as have others ,  that most modern tvs do not have a simple output jack for headphones .
the problem with this whisk is that it is so flexible .
even my plantronics num_extend headset ,  which makes no pretension of high fidelity ,  sounds much better .
i would say it s more like size num_num and up .
its a hard piece of plastic alot like the plastic used on car batteries or cheap headphones .
the total price of almost ten dollars including shipping  wasn t worth it .
i have tried this on many different ,  mint conditions dvds .
i do not feel that my skin is super sensitive .
but i guess the price said it all .
and i m not sure exactly what it tastes like .
i ve replaced this now num_num times on my samsung num_extend and numerous times on another type of samsung .
i made the mistake of purchasing two of these ,  expecting them to work .
it s basically a paperweight that i don t intend to use for charging anything other than headsets and speakers now .
also ,  it makes strange clicking sounds while brewing and warming .
the planes are just too easy to fly .
very little tastebut a ghastly amount of calories ! got lots of it to get rid of .
they are stiff ,  restrictive and hard to get on .
and leaves a strange taste in my mouth .
the first time the case broke ,  the plastic cracked off and shattered my phone .
i used it everyday ,  twice a day for num_num months .
get a $ case before you invest your hard earned dollars .
i still have them but only wear them to the gym still having the same results .
it is not for everyday use or heavy papers .
because its so small ,  its very hard to manipulate without breaking .
amazon had a replacement one on the way the same day that i requested an exchange .
i was better off getting the unmotorized one ,  i returned this one was not happen with quality of product .
i dont care for it ,  feelz cheep to me .
this bluetooth hold static without being on the phone .
merely a bit warmer than body temperature should suffice !  i d guess num_num degrees should be plenty warm .
cannot speak to fit or durability as i haven t tried them on yet .
however ,  i was using these at the gym where i do sweat a lot .
i tried using the mix to make kettle corn in my stainless steel popper ,  but it wasn t great either .
this one didn t even have the features i was looking for and was way more expensive .
i had to change mine to num_extend  as that is the resolution my computer is set to .
although paying about $ for a num_num lb .
purchased this product it was an ok alternative to cheese sauce .
i saw at the store was so cheaper than last time i paid for seller on amazon here .
inferior quality and just does not work well .  .  .  . definitely not worth the price .
the biggest drawback is it is really hard to clean if you grind coffee .
the buttons are all too close together and too similar .
it doesn t blow hard enough though ,  and only has num_num fan speed .
but after some time the color from the back started fading .
the steamer is not small ,  but isn t as big as it looks in the picture .
first off ,  i ordered the  large  version and the toy was clearly marked  large  on the tag .
i m going back to popping corn the old fashion way ,  on the stove .
after about a week ,  it just stopped working .
i accidentally got this but it costs over half the price i paid to return it .
anyone considering this headset should take a look at other products .
then it took extreme pressure to get to load .
i finally shampooed the treated spots ,  which removed most of the product smell .
buy one at the store before committing to a num_num pack .
i was very disappointed ,  in fact my old mixer did a much better job .
i was so excited about this cereal when i tried it .
i have cold water sitting in the pot ,  coffee in the filter and noting .
there is a minimal reduction in background noise ,  but some of this noise is replaced with a hiss .
doesn t seem to clean exceptionally well and the fragrance is not really appealing .
amazon describes the num_extend as having a num_extend ampere motor rated at num_num watts .
when i would push the earpiece in my ear enough to hear well it was very uncomfortable for me .
then i noted it was being sent by the post office .
i should have read the reviews before buying ,  they all said the same thing .
the directions say to spray onto dry ,  flaky or irritated skin and coat .  .  . which i do .
not to mention ,  this just doesn t absorb odors the way i hoped it would .
so i went to a local store to buy one ,  so that i could return it if needed .
i guess yo get what you pay for .
i thought it was just me ,  but my friend who also bought one reports the same issues .
don t get me wrong it is not a bad tasting cup of coffee ,  it just tastes man made .
i guess that s about all i can say about it .
so far there are no cracks or chips . however ,  after one use there was discolorationon the surface .
you can stand num_num degrees from the monitor and still see the screen .
just doesn t need to be that hard even it is just a stinking light .
it takes up too much counter space .  .  .  . enough said !  !  !  !  .
i only kept it because it was only five dollars and was an add on item .
instead of just the nice ,  lightly sweet flavor ,  there is now a strange aftertaste .
originally ,  i had a skiva charger ,  which has suddenly become unavailable on amazon .
to my memory ,  it is a lot slower grinder than other rotaries that i have used .
i gave it num_num stars because at least it did  work  sort of .
it was doing great because i was remembering to water it . this watering system didn t work well .
i had very high expectations for this product but it didnt work for me .
it s not especially load ,  but the vibration noises from the plastic parts is extreme;y noisey .
i made the mistake of buying this rice cooker about num_num years ago .
i m afraid to say that my experience with this product was not good .
never had this problem with slim cases until i bought these .
it also seems to have many components of cheap plastic .
i sent it back and was promptly refunded my money .
i got this phone for my sister because she insisted for a blackberry  silly !   .
it works just fine ,  but feels cheap and is cheap ,  i guess you get what you pay for .
i was originally excited when i first purchased this knife .
cuisinart is the brand standard ,  so i thought buying a low end model would be fine .
this case feels cheap and flimsy instead of what the price tag leads you to believe .
or ,  go cheaper and at least expect to get a piece of junk and save yourself $ each .
it is ,  however ,  the vacuum that i received .
have been using it for a couple of weeks and have not yet managed to not have burnt popcorn .
purchased this case for an iphone num_num and am kind of disappointed with it .
causing the phone to receive and lose power depending on the contact .
i returned this because the headphone jack didn t connect well with my samsung smart phone .
although it s a solid toy ,  it just has no longevity ,  no matter how often you replace the batteries .
i purchased two of them and it s the same problem .
as to no surprise ,  the packaging is just as flawed as the product itself .
i wouldn t buy these or recommend them . i get more zip from a plain black cup of coffee .
i would have wanted more for my money .
range said to be num_num feet but in reality it appears to be more like num_num feet .
i cant say i am completely unhappy with this device .
these seem to work for a lot of people but are just not right for me .
i returned it and got my $ back .
cheap plastic with a giant sticker on it ,  they just don t make things like they used to .
well ,  after a while the plastic is not so flexible .
save your money ,  i would look for another brand and spend the extra dollar or two .
the inside of the pot where you put the coffee ,  the basket part .
you need to be able to spray the stuff on your clothing and skin .
they re cheap ,  easy ,  and actually taste like bacon ,  while this leaves a lot to be desired .
the colors don t stick as well as i expected ,  very powdery and not very bold and vibrant .
sorry ,  i don t like these as they re just too big .
in this way the weight of my heavy iphone wouldn t put so much stress on the iphone connector .
it does not mix as well as my num_num qt mixer .
this particular one was tight ,  heavier fabric than a panty ,  and felt more like a girdle .
it also does not take up a lot of space .
i was so excited to buy this for my sons first birthday .
it provides at least num_num recharges of phones almost all the way from zero to full .
but i do not like it at all .
i had the motors checked out and both were doa .
these felt cheap and the sizing was off as far as i was concerned .
something such as a littermaid is way more self cleaning than this one .
it s not easy for me to throw such a big knife .
to be honest ,  i don t feel like this product does much .
i used it exactly as it was intended each of the num_num times i ve used it .
just think it was either defective ,  or just cheap ?  i still used it ,  but had to be very careful .
i thought the color looked great but the color was even inaccurate .
it s pretty pricey ,  thankfully ,  i didn t pay for it .
i paid so little for it that it isn t a surprise .
i purchased num_num henckel knives and this sharpner . the knives lost their sharpness almost immediately .
i think it is charging ,  but the light doesn t show that .
they are cheap so it s not that bad i guess .
just because it didn t work for me ,  doesn t mean it won t for you or it s a bad product .
ive heard great things about it ,  so it might just not work for me .
wish i d read all those reviews saying how bad these perform .
but for someone who wants a cheap touchscreen ,  this is the one to get .
i have previously ordered many products from amazon ,  but i am very disappointed in this latest turn of events .
i ended up spending a little more money to get one that lasts .
the one i do have does not work .
the screen protector has kinda a weird surface .
a cheap equivalent cokin works much better than this . this filter is pretty much useless .
it tastes  chemically .   mainly due to the fact that all you taste is vinegar .
port num_num for http ,  port num_num for ftp ,  port num_num for remote assistance ,  etc .   .
also ,  these are rock hard and liable to crack teeth .
the image quality of these blows everything else away ,  and you can keep working in much lower light .
but it did ship fast so that was the only good thing .
i wish i had read some of the reviews here before buying this program .
hopefully the other screens don t have as many air pockets .
the coffee smells more like chocolate than it tastes .
i found this to not be worth the money .
bought this for my girlfriend for her phone but she keep having issues of it falling off .
first the customer reviews here were helpful but sometimes left me more confused .
the items are thinner and  cheaper  feeling than i expected from a company by the name of henckels .
i read many of the rave reviews ,  but this was one amazon purchase i have regretted .
this makes the knife almost impossible to close with the thumb .
this is not a good product at any price .
external antenna or no ,  and placing the unit anywhere within the usb cable s range .
i do not understand what is happening to amazon . com .
i have nothing against the product itself i just did not like it for my phone .
it feels like i ve wasted my time and effort .
we wash and dry it immediately but it still gets rusty .
but it offers no front screen protection ,  as in the case doesn t cover the phone around the sides .
i tried it in juice ,  in cottage cheese ,  in yogurt ,  and mixed with peanut butter .
shipping was fast and will buy libbys products again but not this nasty stuff .
i don t think i would buy it again .
i was under the impression that this game was awesome  according to ign . com and many reviews  .
my miracle iii knives have rust stains and the small chopper is so thin that it is nicked .
looks like it does in the picture ,  but has hard wires running through it to keep it standing .
the display is small and difficult to read .
i bought this to replace my braun blender ,  which died after a mere two years of use .
the blade is too short to effectively cut anything but very small ,  dry items .
maybe i just have clean water to begin with ,  but i sure couldn t taste the difference .
it is suppose to be the same yeast as in the  rapid rise  and the product for bread machines .
don t waste your money !  pay the extra money and purchase the zaq allay !  awesome !  .
the thermospot feature of this pan was my primary reason for selecting it .
these look cheaply made and weigh next to nothing .
more pixels are preferred to less since this will affect your image quality .
it s something i have never tasted before in a coffee .
it s definitely not worth the $ they are charging for it .
it looks like it s probably actually a num_extend at least .
i briefly owned an original jawbone in num_extend
the bristles on the one i m using now have curled badly and don t do a proper job of scrubbing .
or so they say . i m sure this isn t bad soup .
after i used this teapot several times ,  it was broken when i washed this pot .
there are much better adapters out there that are cheaper and more powerful .
i have bought them in the past ,  same exact problem .
i needed something to fit over my prescription glasses that wasn t too expensive $
not sure what to think about the good reviews here but can say my experience was not the same .
i ve bought many kitchen products via amazon ,  and never encountered the uselessness that equates tech support at fagor .
that plastic piece looks so cheap and tacky .
i ordered this to attach a memory card to my samsung phone during a trip .
there is ,  however a glaring difference in putting it on the phone .
i have advised amazon .  .  . so hopefully they will correct the item description .
i was so excited to try this product ,  but i was not happy with it .
i wear a num_extend and i have these in an num_num and in a num_extend
the metal seems okay ,  but setting it up was a bit cumbersome .
i just saw this today for $ which i thought was a complete rip off .
these are huge ,  way too much material and not at all what was expected .
my first experience with num_extend was on my friend s num_extend
when i bought these to replace a set i had i was expecting to see better quality .
it seems that based on the positive reviews here there are some issues with consistency in this product .
what i recieved was a cheap ,  most likely chinese ,  screen shield similar to the ones included with iphone cases .
the taste is fine but that doesn t matter if you can t use it .
what s worse is that the product title is misleading .
i had such hopes that this would work .
for the price i paid ,  i really expected an above average product .
it is all metal ,  is lower priced ,  and has a lower price for a replacement carafe .
it was a piece of cake to use and never caused me a problem .
it boils water quickly plus the num_num oz .
also ,  product is much smaller than it appears .
it does show cute screens ,  but not yet anything productive .
but when i opened the package there was nothing inside of it .
i gave this product num_num stars because it stopped splatter .
not real useful if items can fall out as you are putting the bag on or taking it off .
i want to throw it out ,  but i feel so ungreatful about how horrible this kitchen is .
i tried everything from bending the arms to lifting the legs and still my phone keeps dropping out .
not really as good as standard fm ,  probably halfway between am and fm ,  and interrupted by the occasional static .
in fact when i took it off with nail polish remover my nails started to grow almost immediately .
i am sure this is a good product ,  but the one i brought did not work properly .
the reason i purchased it is because i saw some reviewers indicate that it had a short torso .
this works for everyone but not for me .
not a crisp natural taste ,  and way too sweet for me .
it will also cut out when tracks change on the music player .
this set doesn t even reach mediocre . the biggest problem it has is really quite simple :  sometimes it just doesn t work .
i love dark roast coffees but this one reallywas not what i had hoped for .
even though they are advertised as thick select ,  my dog num_extend lb .
these items were smaller than i expected and the quality of the material seemed flimsy too me .
i bought this to use to charge my cell phone ,  plugged it in and left it overnight .
well i could not do that with this product .
speed num_num sounds like one of those white box fans on high .
i changed water everyday and i only use it for num_num hours a day .
it would have been nice to get what you pay for .
also the colors are too bright and look street walkerish .
i read mixed reviews ,  so i rolled the dice and bought these .
yes ,  they are gluten and egg free but they re also somewhat tasteless other than sweet .
you have to take the battery out and put it back in to start it back up .
when my daughter does play with it nowadays ,  it s usually with the toy turned num_extend
i took it off as soon as i put it on .
i have had trouble making this fit for my car .
this could have been made with a curved handle that would have been much more ergonomic to use .
it worked for a little over a year before it died .
the packaging material was also not appropriate for something this delicate .
upon close examination it appears far to easy for this to happen .
unacceptable . i might use this headset when going for a run or something  i . e .
unfortunately ,  i had to return it to amazon for a refund .
i was hoping this would be great like the other reviews said ,  but it didn t happen for me .
i gave it to my dad to fix .
a few of the things on it may work ,  but i wouldn t depend on that .
in fact it makes it worse because of the loudness and bulkiness .
my main problem is the battery power and performance .
the wrapper is very difficult to get off of the candy as it is often melted into the candy .
i wish i could recommend this product ,  but i just don t have the palate for sickeningly sweet drinks anymore .
great . my problem is simple :  after a couple of months ,  it stopped working reliably .
but almost too much of a pain to work with .
but a phone as expensive as the captivate it should have gps working out of the box .
i read the directions in about num_num minutes ,  and was up and running in no time .
anyone having this should follow i guess all the precautions ,  i . e .
haven t really tested it for bump damage but i suppose it would suffice .
i have a white pair ,  same model number and these are not the same .
i know they re cheap ,  but i wasn t expecting that .
i tried it again some months later ,  and again ,  the same thing .
i order this core remover and got a cheap piece of junk .
i miss my remington and will buy another remington .
while it is a minimal case ,  the plastic material feels very cheap and flimsy .
according to the directions ,  it still should be working for at least another num_num wks .
my complaint is the low quality cover that must be used with the extended battery .
just not the same in terms of the flavour .
the num_extend homeconnect might be good ,  i don t know because the one i got is in such bad shape .
i am just glad it was a rent ,  i didn t paid $ for it .
we previously had a krups and then a braun espresso machine .
the synthetic leather covering was either press fitted or glued over the edge of this plastic part .
the instructions were crystal clear and i did not need my phone s manual to figure anything out .
however ,  the lid has narrow grooves and recessed spaces around gasket ,  pressure valve ,  safety valve ,  and the handle .
i gave my hair a good rinse but it left a residue on my hair .
i had tried this years ago and it was okay .
when i received the item and turned it on ,  i heard this high pitched noise immediately .
hopefully i can find someone to buy it from me ,  so at least i didn t waste my money .
based on other reviews i had at least moderate expectations for this game .
a real pain to keep putting the turning handle back on .
no they don t exactly stink ,  but it kinda reminds me of the smell of a perm .
however the weight sometimes causes it to disconnect so it stops charging .
i m going to search for another product that works .
i doubt whether i ll buy any more of this .
i guess i was expecting a bit much ,  maybe a lot much .
and the main ink display isn t dark enough .
they are hard to attach and don t seem to hold together very well .
once i set things right ,  the unit worked correctly for about four months before complete failure .
the result was weak and tasteless coffee that was more like tea .
first off read the review titled :   not bad .
i m returning this item ,  my first ever return after many years of amazon shopping .
as odd as this sounds ,  it s too big .
i not suggesting that it is a bad product just that i can t use it for the reasons stated .
this was only after two days of use in nyc .
one of the ear plugs did not work .
even though i ve had the machine for about num_num months ,  i ve only gone through num_num sets of cartridges .
my most recent try to make this work was last week .
i own a num_num num_extend games  an original xbox num_extend games  games  and a num_extend num_extend games  .
i have had the zojirushi coffee maker for over num_num months now .
dont take this product as anything better than any other product claiming to do the same thing .
bioshock num_num is half the price tag at $  with prime shipping  .
i was expecting a good product but this product let me down big time .
i fully charged two of them num_num days ago ,  and just put them in a logitech mouse .
furthermore ,  price isn t that great compared to what s available in stores . will not buy again .
speakerphone microphone isn t clear ,  so callers are unable to hear you clearly when using speakerphone .
it doesn t give the finish to grilled meats ,  etc that i want from a fry pan .
but i don t have this problem with other cables .
given where this was likely made ,  a fair price would be about $ not $
this product doesn t seem to work for me .
the directions also stated that it should be used every other day and then skip a week .
i had high hopes for this product ,  but no luck !  .
so it was not a problem with the phones .
i must have selected a different one from my last order . this product is a rip off .
since then i still use it to pop popcorn but don t bother with the butter on top .
the color is fine but i wont buy this again .
there are alot better knives out there that are of higher quality for almost the same cost .
i poured it into a glass and put a little cream and sugar to taste .
i have a num_num pound bag of meow mix which would fit handily in an num_num quart container .
not a great mic ,  but if you need something realitively cheap ,  it ll do .
it did not work well for me and it is an expensive product .
my system is technically ample for this game ,  and i see no reason for it not to work .
wish i d gotten the one with a small knob .
so awful in fact that i can t use it even though i think it does a good job .
i m sure it works for some people but it broke me out .
i know one unit doesn t necessarily dictate quality ,  but read some of the other reviews .
so ,  all i can say is the unit is made of a brittle ,  clear plastic .
yes ,  their pricing is very low but the quality of the products is often inferior .
i can not get the can where it is supposed to cut the lid .
i only gave num_num star because of fast delivery .
my son asked specifically for a spiderman hopper ball for his num_extend birthday .
i have a ton of scratches on it and i do not abuse it .
it s cute but i just don t get it .
also ,  the light isn t really all that bright and one has to use this in a rather dark environment .
this blender will not completely crush ice ,  nor will it even liquify a sauce properly .
i always wanted to like these headphones ,  but they just hurt my head and ears too much .
upon talking to them about this ,  they told me they would refund my money .
i don t regret buying it but i will not buy it again .
i havent used these brushes yet ,  but i can tell that they are a cheap product .
i could have found something better at the dollar store i am sure .
however the mouseware software does not work on a mac .
it isn t though and the sound quality is shockingly bad .
whereas ,  this bag has two very thin pockets that bulge very easily .
beware !  these adapters are very flimsy and do not securely hold your micro sim card .
i don t get all the hype about this particular product .
sort of fruity ,  but a little artificial tasting .
this flavor taste like beans and like chicken .
i m sorry ,  i just did not like this product .
if you have used a blackberry before ,  you ll have no trouble picking this up and going on your way .
they are decent but if you are buying expecting magpul you are going to be disappointing .
i know they are cheap but not even worth that .
too bad it didn t begin to live up to expectations .
i thought that since i didn t feel it ,  maybe it was no longer worth the price .
this is not ,  by any stretch ,  the same product .
i put some sugar in it ,  in case i had some vapor rub in a cup on my hands .
i am afraid that if i don t handle it gently ,  it will break in my hands .
if i didn t get it on right ,  the water would not drain into the pot .
it was listed as prime eligible and i selected num_num day shipping .
the num_extend were inexpensive enough i would not have minded ,  if it worked .
i contacted amazon and they immediate sent me another one that does the same thing .
but ,  it just kept dropping my calls where my existing phone always received calls and still does .
coffee model allows you to choose between num_extend num_extend and num_num quarts .
i ordered this when it first came out and could hardly wait for it to arrive .
these hurt my feet when i wear them .
i wish i could give this product num_num stars .
what you learn very quickly is that the unit drains the batteries even when it is turned off .
i was looking for an unbreakable case for my iphone .
this product did not charge my htc inspire like it said .
but all the features are hard to set ,  despite reading the instructions .
if you have a num_extend player this is not the answer for hooking it to your car stereo player .
the only positive is that the handle is ergonomic ,  but so are most of the knives these days .
i tried adjusting the temp via the calibration screw .
we both tried it and it doesn t taste like the old one .
however ,  i found the battery wore down quickly .
the puzzles are a bit bothersome at times ,  but nothing to complain about .
sure ,  it s % more to pay ,  but it s either that ,  or this .
taste almost like watered down hot chocolate ,  even if you mix it with milk .
there are many good options out there nowadays at this price range ,  dont waste your money here .
you get what you pay for and it s total bupkis .
the color is not the same as pictured .
i put this new battery in a cellphone and it was a waste of money .
i ve used this product for several years now ,  but it isn t working very well lately .
no doubt it may work better for some ,  but i m not happy with it personally .
i needed to replace a dvd ,  so i ordered it thru amazon from a company called moviemars .
although the blade is not  razor sharp  ,  i have to work carefully so i don t cut myself .
the sound effects are not all people crack them up to be .
this stuff is super thick and in a bad way .
i recently bought a lynksys wireless pci adapter num_extend for my daughter s dell computer .
now i m not saying these are worthless just not top drawer .
at first i thought i must be mistaken ,  so i consulted the manual .
the only reason i had to buy a new headset was the battery stopped charging in my old one .
this is a nice looking case ,  but made of cheap plastic and not well formed .
just didn tlike ,  wasnt terrible but better out there .
why would they leave out the ability to recharge without going to the store and buying batteries .
this knife has a belt clip ,  but it s too big for practical carry .
haven t made cookies with them yet ,  so i m not sure how cookies that small will do .
this one is nothing special and it s expensive .
this kitchen is absolutely adorable and wasn t too hard to put together ,  but it smells terrible .
but overall ,  if i had it to do over again ,  i would choose a different product .
does the price make you suspicious ?  it did me .
kids really like it ,  but it doesn t seem that durable !  .
the blade became very loose after just a few uses .
but ,  i wanted a small one for more delicate areas  i . e .
they sent a replacement free of charge promptly when i told them the first battery was invalid .
you ve got to be an idiot to buy it .
the dough has a hard time sticking together and flakes off and sticks to clothing and carpeting .
i ate it as a snack and it kept the hunger at bay for less than num_num minutes .
al .   there is an off taste to it that reminds you it isn t fresh squeezed juice .
i though this one did however it still took num_num days to show up .
do not buy this adapter if you intend to use it with the ipod .
i like how cheap it is but the quality is horrible .
this bar may have simple ingredients ,  but i could not deal with the taste  not sweet enough for me  .
it s $ or less also on ebay and probably here at amazon . com also .
this product is good ,  but tastes rather bland .
plus ,  their customer service ,  regardless for whatever jarrow product you are concerned with ,  is not the best either .
there are plastic pieces that repeatedly entangle my hair near the handle while it is under heat ,  no bueno .
i was very disappointed because it does last longer than the stock battery .
bad fitting ,  cheaply made .  .  .  . i only use it as lens protector and take them off when i take pictures .
the cleaning is num_extend monthly ,  and about num_extend of my time .
it can be put back on but a pain .
also when powering on the unit i have noticed static some times .
i did this and it seems that my problem was solved .
i m sorry to report that this device does not work very well .
i should ve read the reviews ,  as i usually do on amazon .
not a product i can recommend to anyone .
this item could be so much better if the fruit was not so hard .
it is lighter than the otterbox original but it is still not light .
that s why i am giving it a num_num star .
i wanted and ordered a rubberized protective case  ,  this one has rubber in the title description .
while the product looks like a num_extend i have not yet had time to use it .
i tired them on and was surprised at how tight they were .
so i figured what the heck i ll try it .
it takes hours of charging to get minutes of use .
time to just buy some decent belden cable and make my own stupid cables .
the surface wears off  i never put it in the dishwasher or use harsh detergent ,  rough cleaning num_extend
it literally is no bigger than a regular protective case .
may be good for boiling water ,  but anything else like heating soup will burn badly in a single spot .
i will be ordering different ones to replace these .
perhaps it has or will work for others ,  but it did not work for me .
dont get unless you have a no screen protector !  .
but ,  since there s no easy way for the average user to repair that ,  i consider this unit fatally defective .
when i talked ,  i could hear it kind of echoing back in my ear .
furthermore ,  some devices seem to collide through the hub .
it is red not pinkish red as indicated and it is off from the appearance in the ad .
i am not a regular coffee drinker ,  but i do like a cup now and then .
if i was purchasing this item in a store .
i normally wear a large ,  wish i woulda ordered an xl .
you only need flip the heads open and rinse under the tap .
it is very difficult to lock the iphone with the top button ,  it really needs to be pushed hard .
filling it is awkward ,  also because of the way the handle is .
even after been fully charged ,  the battery life is minimal at best .
i returned them as soon as i tried one pair .
i ve had the eq num_num for about a week and the same problem showed up on mine .
if you have trouble with earphones with the hard sides like i do then this will not fit right .
maybe it works better in warm beverages but it s a pain in cold drinks .
in the past i ordered a few extra of this kind of htc for travel ,  no problem .
it looks faded and like it was left in the sun and all the color came out .
i purchased a size up but they were still too tight .
i did have to call the company to find out how to replace the batteries .
i want to be able to print through the router with my laptop s wireless connection .
i read all the reviews ,  but wanted this external sound for my ipad .
i wish i had read that these are made in china before i bought them .
i was doing a lot of reading online .
it s not nonstick and it s not easy to clean .
also ,  i wish that the top had a deflector .
that means its internal battery is about num_extend according to my calculations .
i thought i would end up breaking the little hard plastic tabs .
i thought it was ok until i tried other brands .
i ,  like many other people ,  decided to try this product after seeing infomercial after infomercial .
my battery died long ago and it s been a very frustrating effort to guess what the correct battery is .
i ordered this for my biocube hqi num_extend gallons  .
guess i could deflate it and make is smaller ,  but the blue cover was stiff and uncomfortable .
i haven t actually opened up the timex to confirm that the battery is user replaceable .
i don t see anything about it that s matte .  .  . if anything the consistency is more of a tinted moisturizer .
i have used the num_extend for about num_num years now .
well ,  its not as good as the old cheap one .
there are positive reviews for this item ,  but i think they must be paid to write those reviews .
don t waste your money on these less expensive items .
i have a num_extend num_extend with a nvidia num_num card ,  and num_extend ram .
i personally would not buy this at this price .
the first slow cooker i received was obviously damaged .
i have a tether cord on my flash not just in case .
i re sold one an my roommate used the other .
none of my other headsets have struggled to maintain their connections; this samsung drops it all the time .
i suspect this might not even be the real samsung product .
most of the store products aren t very good .
you have to sit through the tutorial for num_num num_extend
this product did not work for me and i may try another brand to see if that will help .
called the store and he said the one s i bought were cheap ones and his worked .
what i do know is that it was more trouble than it was worth .
i purchased his usual size ,  but they were much too big .
we were on the market for a new grill and when i saw this ,  it was a no brainer .
given the other glowing reviews of this product ,  maybe i got a bad batch or something .
i took it out of packaging and plugged it in .
after awhile i realized that the clippers where crushing and sometimes splitting their claws .
i purchased this item to connect my hp deskjet num_extend to my computer running windows xp sp num_extend
if you have a motorola phone ,  this may be somewhat useful .  .  . maybe .
it is made of two pieces of thin cheap plastic ,  riveted together ,  with no tension adjustment .
don t waste your time or money on the bunn coffee maker ,  take my advice !  .
unlike the what the name  multimedia desktop charging dock  shouts ,  it lacks most of the major  multimedia  features .
the price in retail stores costs up to num_num times more .
the reviews of this excited me so much ,  that the disappointment of what i received was extra frustrating .
if you want a usable dependable phone look elsewhere .
not like the ones i buy in the store .
not a good sonic balance and not a pleasant listening experience for me .
i had ordered two pairs ,  black and brown .
unfortunately ,  this case will not work for me as my phone is a num_extend and not a num_extend
rather than purchase generics ,  i purchased what appeared to be oem brand replacement batteries .
this is the num_extend or num_extend pair of headphones they always stop working after a awhile .
you may find the same or better product at your local bass pro shop for the same price .
but eventually i started noticing that even my  freshly charged  batteries weren t lasting very long .
originally we bought this for our num_num mo old daughter ,  but ultimately we returned it for various reasons .
you can clearly hear a lot of static and hissing sound in speakers and headphone mode .
i thought i had a universal gold coffee filter ,  but not universal to zoji .
i replaced the battery and it still doesn t work .
i ordered this headset since i broke my original that came with my nokia num_extend
i really wanted it to work ,  i wish it had .
this screen protector does not come as pictured .
now the water is thick and when i drink it it s just really nasty .
i ordered these for my son at num_num months .
so ,  if you need a lithium battery for your num_extend look elsewhere on amazon .
i also thought the straps were a little thin for my size num_extend
i purchased the mini less than num_num months ago .
they are fantastic for long hours on your feet . but ,  they are terrible for my ankles .
even though it was on sale ,  it was still overpriced in my opinion .
otherwise you can t transfer it to your computer .
also the paint color wears off and ends up all over your hands .
i bought this one based on the amazon reviews; this is the one time they failed me .
the price was certainly right !  however ,  at any price ,  the product was worthless .
bought this to replace a broken pulley style .
worked just fine for a few months ,  then it died .
this was at a distance of about num_num meters num_extend feet  .
i got it broken and never got a new one sent back to me .
worked for a week and then it stopped working .
if it weren t for all the other problems ,  i d say these were good ear buds .
clip ,  behind the neck ,  and lightweight headphones arent good because the sound goes into the air .
but man ,  its barely breathable ,  it s small when compared to other brands of similar type and size .
it was cheaper than any replacement heads i ve found ,  but it was more expensive in the long run .
i purchased num_num of these based on the reviews .
the device is clearly out of date and can t function completely with the phone models that are out now .
when i got the product the rubber part on the outside of the case was already tearing apart .
i had the prior version of this bluetooth and didn t care for how it sat on my ear .
do all coffee grinders work this way ?  i don t know ,  this is my first one .
i had been cleaning my tongue with a soft regular toothbrush .
the back of my phone cracked twice in two weeks by minor drops .
i sort of expected this to be more than it is .
there is static when you listen to them and the range isn t very far .
it is like you put on some paste .
carafe kept coffee hot for num_num to num_num hours .
the product i received was not creamy and white like most reviews said .
i wanted to see if an immersion blender would be a tool i would find useful .
i purchased this toy for my daughter ,  and i m disappointed .
i bought this filter to go into my marineland num_num gallon tank .
i am using the itrip made for the old model of ipod .
fix this problem and i might consider buying another one .
i m using it in wired mode so its not a wifi issue .
unfortunately ,  quaker instant oatmeal is the convenient whole grain ,  but without much taste .
guess sometimes a good deal is not really a good deal . would not purchase .
now if you are very very small and short this might work .
they look like they have been washed one hundred times  !  !  .
i know a lot of people who love this coffee maker but i only saw problems .
i d like to see an additional set of alternate mashing blades then it would be a num_num star .
when i tried it on ,  i realized it was too short for me  i m about num_extend
only recomend buying if you dont mind wasting $
may be inexpensive ,  but you get what you pay for .
way over priced for a product that lacks the performance of the real deal .
all in all ,  i m glad i did not buy any other parts to it .
it doesn t do anything to control the odor ,  and doesn t clump very well .
i bought this based on the reviews ,  and i wasn t impressed .
i tried using it but it didn t meet my needs .
i am disappointed in the description of this product on amazon .
in total i have ordered num_num of these for my num_extend
but i think that is the nature of these products ,  not just this model itself .
probably not an issue if you plan on keeping it in a bag or a purse or something .
this came with a big gouge in it so i returned it .
i m not sure which design on i like better .
once you find them in some retail stores ,  they cost num_num times more than their cf counterparts .
this thing barely cuts ,  it can t hold a charge ,  and it s loud .
now i am out num_num bucks for the original unit and no longer have it .
i m going to order a different brand instead of now brand .
this is the first sony product that i ve ever owned that i was truely disappointed with .
i m going to try the new samsung num_extend battery .
but then when i bought it it stunk .
after that cup was partially gone i decided that the tea was to blame and discontinued using the tea .
i tried using it in the oatmeal raisin cookie recipe listed on the back of the bag .
you pay for what you get i guess lol .
so expensive and the quality is very poor .
then when it turned green and installed the battery it should half charged .
its ok for what it is its just not what i thought it was going to be .
in my opinion ,  this product does not make the cut .
if it were $ i d rate it one star .
the shampoo leaves your hair feeling soft and then you put this in and it feels dry .
it is inconsequential that this does not have sls .
the light will go on but it goes off again in about num_num seconds .
well ,  i whipped out my new large pan and it would not set flat on my stove top .
it smells like a hint of chlorex and feels like dense watery liquid .
ok ,  so i figure maybe it needs batteries .
i didnt have to sit and wait to hold a button to power it on .
i went through num_num headsets before finally giving up .
and it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped .
it smells like a fruity shampoo at first ,  like herbal essences or something .
have a size large which is too big .
this product looks cute but is not made well .
i m buying a new one and throwing this one in the trash .
num_extend external backup battery power banki received feels a bit too light for its size .
i used the light a few times around the house when i couldn t find another flashlight .
it was hard to notice in natural and incandescent light ,  but more prominent in fluorescent .
after having one of the predecessors to this blender for a number of years i wanted a num_extend one .
this tub mount handle is not made for every tub .
i think they should be labeled as num_num each .
i don t understand all the positive reviews for these panniers .
this product was cheap ,  but i still feel like i wasted my money .
water sits in it all of the time .  .  . no rust or tarnish at all .
if i was able to return it after trying it i would .
the problems is ,  it really does not work as you might think it will .
i took some serious layers of skin off of my hand forcefully trying to remove it to return .
i have had this sifter for num_num years .
i logged on to amazon chat and they issued me a full refund .
specifics .  .  . once assembled around the phone ,  the unit easily falls out of included belt clip .
with these cans ,  you get what you pay for .
i went to check on it and it cracked in half .
i did the directions but used a smaller amount .
it worked for a few hours and then expired .
yes ,  even for such a small dollar amount .
so i tried it and it seems like it should cost about $
mind you i only use it once every num_num months or so .
while you can get an iphone num_num into this case ,  it s extremely tight  too short  .
the problem is this thing is just too wide .
i ended on buying the screens at walmart for $
i will be buying some chalkboard paint to make it usable  adding to the num_extend
they sent me two more batteries and i tried one which just died after num_num min .
background noise is an issue for the caller though .
very low resolution and poor contrast all over .
if you are not strapped for space ,  separating sizes shouldn t be a problem .
i would recommend looking elsewhere for screen protectors .
it is not  a snap  to add pages and alphabetize your collection .
this product ,  like many others ,  may work for some ,  but not all .
now it seems to me that the recipe has changed too .
too bad because they look like really nice quality .
there is a little plastic insert in the bottle that allows you to drop oil from it .
however ,  i found this a tedious and moderately difficult task ,  and i am a very experienced cook and baker .
the way this product goes on is not bad .
not sure if these are available in different sizes .
looks like i ll have to spend the extra $ for a name brand charger .
this device works ok ,  but my usb keyboard will not work through it .
i wish that i had seen the reviews before buying this one .
the coloring and reflectiveness has worn off quite a bit after about num_num months .
you can get the same results by putting some tap water in a spraybottle .
if it aint broke ,  don t fix it . as for those wondering about taste and mixing ,  it mixes okay .
this product has not been effective for me .
the num_num volt battery in the transmitter does not seem to last very long .
the plastic cover doesn t seem like it will hold up with repeated use .
cord is too short and it does not heat up fast and does not get very hot .
i purchased this at a local store ,  not from amazon .
i ve been buying products from amazon for the last num_extend years .
it is too small for the iphone to fit well ,  it has to be a little bigger .
lastly the handle does not move up and down smoothly .
so i spent $ for this food processor and rec d it in jan .
these brushes are good looking but very cheap .
it doesn t slip out ,  you have to tug it out .
i changed it out before i got a low power warning .   the battery will not charge in my phone .
i certainly wouldn t go out and buy any as other coffee drinks taste and look better .
i was disappointed because it was quite expensive .
gave it a num_num star for that reason .
so far i ve had no grinder delivery chute clogs and no other problem whatsoever with the capresso .
they re cheap ,  but i wouldn t bother with these even if they were free .
it s put together with cheap ,  and i mean cheap aluminum hooks and springs .
i purchase this battery as a spare for my blackberry phone .
after years of buying stuff from amazon ,  this is the first time i ve ever returned anything .
at last ,  i sent my problem to amazon customer service .
then you will discover that these devices now run sooo slooow .
you can find better phone software on the net .
how long that will last i have no idea now .
there are other products out there that work better for the same price ,  or lower price than this one .
i initially bought it to ease the pain of peeling garlic when i make num_num clove garlic chicken .
i dropped my phone a few times ,  and it never even made much of a noise .
i tried to find out more about this product before trying it .
this did not work very well for me .
it came crushed and is slow to charge my phone .
the color isn t very bright  silver starlet  and it came off after a few hours anyways .
i owned this product for almost num_num hours .
then again ,  the first month i ve been using this ,  i haven t had too much to deal with .
the nectar that comes with this is comically small amount .
i went into a store to put eye and hands on the item before purchase .
when i placed another companies coffee in ,  it tasted fine . i have num_num boxes if anyone wants them .
they wouldn t stay on my ears while running on the treadmill .
well ,  it wasn t quite what i had hoped .
my experience was not like any the reviews i read .
nice looking case but doesn t provide any protection from anything .
they promptly refunded my full purchase total plus the return shipping costs .
i ve had it just over num_num years ,  and now to replace the rotor is a num_num dollar service charge .
makes me nervous that the integrity of the rubber is weakening .
i ve used it for a few weeks now ,  and i already have a bunch of scratches on the front .
i think maybe my high expectations were the issue here .
i dropped my phone from my lap to the tiled floor and cracks my screen .
i will update this review after i try changing the batteries .
they feel like small pebbles in my hand .
in addition ,  it only comes with a short usb cable designed to charge through your computer .
this is my num_extend set of jars with covers for donivier yogurt maker in num_num years .
some people like it ,  but not for me .
buy a low end no name speakers and get more sound .
if one puts on the num_extend one ,  it periodically shuts down and turns back on ,  every few seconds .
my one complaint is that it is loud i mean really really loud .
it has a burnt flavor ,  even for a french roast and extremely bitter aftertaste .
sure it was a snug fit ,  but every time i took it out of my pocket ,  it fell off .
this is the first time i ve had a negative reaction to this brand s products .
then one day i compared them next to each other and i realized this one is several inches shorter .
i thought the plastic wasnt as beandable as it is .
it s not inedible ,  it s not unpleasant ,  it s not disgusting .
some very very small bubbles that cleared themselves up after a day or two .
there are improvements of course but not by much .
i returned in within num_num minutes of opening the box .
i just found out that my friends spiii deluxe unit died one week before mine went on the fritz .
the battery i received did not fit for the htc my touch num_extend
my skin was  normal  with no problems before this serum .
i have just  had it  with my second num_extend
i have gone through num_num units since receiving this device as a gift .
i thought the only difference between these num_extend and the num_extend was the surround sound feature .
i cant think of a reason to buy this thing .
ive had other bluetooth headsets and none of them ever had this problem .
there are num_num grams of sugar despite the fact that the bar is tiny .
its not an orginal battery  not oem battery  .
the colors are not natural looking ,  at least the ones i have tried .
after a few seconds it is used up while brewing and just plain water is now filling the cup .
it s not bad for less than $ but that s about it .
i use it for a scrub brush for cleaning .
that is just simply a pain in the ass to say the least .
extra slot for ?  save your money and buy some real knives .
furthermore ,  i almost immediately wished i d bought one that had a separate base that plugged into the wall .
i do not advice to buy ,  or if you buy ,  you should buy a size bigger .
the hard plastic case does not fit snug around the soft plastic cover .
while this is pictured to be the usual humectress i ve purchased for years ,  it is not what i received .
within a month ,  the cable started acting up and now i will have to purchase another  not this one  .
i got num_num of these for my num_num yr old twins  bdays .
it felt like a cheap hard plastic case that would break on the first drop .
i haven t had time to install it yet and test it out .
i am not alone in this ,  as i have read other reviews on amazon . com and other places .
i don t like giving negative reviews ,  and i wanted this to be great .
i had no problem hooking up the num_extend using the included dvi cable .
doing mashed potatoes with a mixer needs some amount of cutting action to tear up the potatoes .
that  sugar bloom  usually doesn t affect the taste ,  so i tried them anyway .
they are glued in  i returned one and ordered another .
hasnt broke yet and seems to work ,  but feels very cheap .
i ve been using it for several months with no problems .
do not waste your time with this earbud .
i cut it off with fingernail clippers and filed it down .
it is not the best on the market .
it lasts all day ,  is very wet when you apply but not clumpy .
though they were cheap ,  they re not worth the price .
would not recommend !  !  !  the only positive thing i can say it was comfortable on my ear .
it still tasted nice ,  but i felt seriously ripped off given the price .
the price is too expensive and footsmart charges excessively for shipping .
i have long and thick hair ,  but this was still too large for me .
at least that was the description on amazon .
so ,  when i got the opportunity to review them ,  i was so excited to try them out .
my carrier also checked the battery performance and found it was not good .
it is just a little over num_num months since i had these professionally installed .
i didn t notice any unpleasant odors while using it .
the sound is not that great and certainly not accurate .
in addition ,  the packaging is really cheap and small for the price .
but gave it to a friend with smaller phone .
i need at least a num_extend maybe num_extend
weeks later i did get the refund from amazon .
it would have made grinding so much more tollerable and far less time consuming .
immediately upon buying ,  i went straight over to the nearest horizontal surface ,  opened it ,  and installed it .
i was really excited about this phone case when i purchased it .
the bristles are hard as a rock ,  it rips your hair and hurts your scalp .
and yet ,  here i am ,  giving this a poor review .
i dropped my phone the first day i got the case and a huge chunk of plastic came off .
but when i started to use it they are a bit frail and some of them easily broke .
just letting everyone know it is probably better to just buy a new ups than to replace the battery .
that s not to say that other s wouldn t like it ,  this is just me .
i ordered this product for my iphone num_num based on price and some reviews .
i will say that amazon took it back with no problem and issued a refund promptly within their guidelines .
this generic cable takes several hours to charge my phone .
just my personal preferencei didn t find anything special about this product .
that s fine but the outer edge of that area has an extremely shallow lip to prevent spillover .
for many ,  many years i used the battery tender jr .
i hate leaving bad reviews ,  but i honestly hate this product .
the nutritional content of this is pretty poor ,  it s very sweet ,  and really not all that nutty .
they are not completely unpleasant but are more like night lights than reading lights .
this caused an issue with the otterbox case that is on my phone .
i ordered this network router for my home office .
normal cups do not fit under the drip portion .
tastes like tap water with a squirt of grapefruit juice added .
buy a cheap one to use as protection ,  dont waste $ on these expensive one .
i upgraded the firmware ,  but the issues persisted .
i did not seem much improvement with this product .
i am disappointed that it doesn t taste as good as i expected ,  nor does it mix in .
just not worth purchasing if they break easily .
it s a shame ,  because it was really cute .
i ve never had this problem with my other protectors .
its really outdated for the ones manufactured today .
this is just a flimsy piece for plastic .
i wanted to try this leave in based on the reviews so was very excited to try it out .
that s how badly i wanted it to live up to its potential .
these earbuds are incredible  ,  in regard to the sound ,  but they last around a month .  .  .  . so they are worthless .
i ve learned my lesson and will spend a couple more bucks and buy a much better brand battery .
you are supposed to wind the earbuds around the core too ,  so they get all tangled up .
given the $ price tag ,  i expected better .
i was so excited to try this because of all the hype it got .
i don t think that s worth the price at all .
not durable plus amazon sent me a damaged product clearly a miss from their end .
i would not recommend this screen protector to anyone .
all things considered it is not a bad $ deal but .
it was really bulky to bring to the gym .
but i did hope that it would be ok for a num_num gallon flat sided bowl .  .  . it s not .
i thought ,  what the heck ,  try this instead of new blades .
i have had for for maybe num_num months and used it probably num_num times .
only five bucks but not even worth that ,  i think .
the sound was tinny and i regret the purchase .
maybe now it works for more people ,  but not me .
i got this to carry my ipad into the city but it just doesn t work .
i was very excited to get this flat iron after reading reviews here on amazon .
this product didn t work for me ,  but that s not to say it will not work for you .
i think they were a bit too expensive and probably would not buy them again .
well ,  i was very excited to get my yogurt maker in the mail a few days ago .
that is the only redeeming quality about these tongs .
one of the things that isn t emphasized enough unfortunately is eating right for your type .
the screw is glued down ,  so it is not safe for an expensive dslr .
with the weight of the phone ,  it will flip over if it s not clipped onto a belt .
which is not to say that it might not work for somebody else ,  it may .
i poured a bowl for the other cat who drank some ,  as did my cocker spaniel .
i have already purchased a different brand from amazon .
however ,  after about a month of use its starting to die on me .
i used these for my oral electric toothbrush for over num_num years .
but not a  carry  unit if quick access is a consideration .
i had to return this and pay another num_num bucks to get the right ones .
this was supposed to be a new item .
could buy a nicer reusable one that would pay for itself in a couple of years .
for some reason this product did not taste like the cinnamon taste i am accustomed to .
the only reason i take off the bumper is to use a headset or olloclip .
i gave they black set to my daughter .
i am giving this product num_num stars because it turns rancid so quickly .
i went through the first bottle in about num_num months .
plus for them . cons : wireless range :  the range on these headphones is hideously poor .
hooked up the radio in my car and connected the outside antenna ,  same result on cb bands .
i personally own a galaxy nexus ,  my gf s old iphone num_extend and her iphone num_extend
maybe it may have an automatic time off shut off .
when they were cheap ,  i bought onepair to check them out as most earbuds drove me nuts .
so these should fit in size num_num shoes ,  right ?  they don t .
thought i would save some money and buy this for my son and nephew .
also ,  the on light stays lit so you have to unplug it to avoid wasting electricity .
i ve had the same fiesta bowls ,  some plates ,  and a butter dish for years .
it was drinkable ,  but i think i will stick to my starbucks .
however ,  i was tempted by the discounted special price offered for these .
i wanted to love this product after the youtube video reviews but unfortunately ,  it didn t work for me .
i thought about giving them as a gift but decided to return instead .
thanks to amazon they said send it back and they would credit my acct .
it looks and feels kind of cheap and it isn t nearly as cute as the illustrations .
doesnt desolve ,  flavor isnt really very good ,  not tart enough either .
when i try to put in pocket or take out the phone pops out .
the only problem with this headset is that people you are talking to will have trouble hearing you .
i ended up ordering from another company to get a sturdier product .
my num_extend didnt fit too well maybe just the one i got .
sound is tinnyb  i use this while walking  not running ,  just walking  .
i wasn t really ever happy with the product .
something to drip into your boiling water when it heats up . overall ,  this is a very cheap set .
i try different brands all the time and look for the following num_extend
sorry i thought i could use an economical dryer .
i didn t care that this color was the most expensive .
so i tried to remedy the situation by replacing the battery .
this item was not damaged in shipping ,  it was packaged that way .
they are thinner than what i m used to .
the color also looked completely different than the way it is shown .
it still shows up on the phone as being paired ,  but i get no audio on the earpiece .
i need to buy another one but not from akron .
after a very short time they pinched my ears and made them sore .
this saucepan may get num_num stars if it came with a lid .
i rarely give bad reviews ,  but this is just atrocious .
i ve had this can opener for less than a year .
i traded both for the westone num_extend and the shure num_extend
there is nothing good i can say about this coffee maker .
yeah ,  its cute but after a few days it stops working .
i can confirm that a galaxy num_extend with a large case  spigen neo  will fit in there ,  but barely .
i think for that reason it is way over priced .
the noodles do have a heavier consistancy but as for the taste .  .  . it was just ok .
this set comes with mugs that are not the same material as the plates and bowls .
just purchased a replacement for it sony num_extend
stupidly i got rid of it and just recently decided i d buy another .
there are good and bad things about the blackberry storm .
the bag is ok ,  but nothing special . so basically i would not recommend this bag .
but the smell reminded me of an num_num year old grandmother .  .  . sorry grandma .  .  .  . who doused herself with floral scent .
i was so disappointed bc this seems to get great reviews .
my screen and the back of my phone have numerous pits and crinkles .
i won t go as far as to say that this is a bad product .
not good for us since % of our house is hard wood flooring .
i even had one lid split because it would not stretch .
spent a few bucks buying replacement batteries ,  it powers on now but just displays lll .
first off ,  this toy is flimsy feeling and looking .
it s annoying to activate things just by trying to get it better situated in your ear .
seemed like it would have been a fun toy if it would have worked .
i could not believe what i received !  flimsy material cheaply sewn ,  just not at all like my other items .
it will still be functional ,  but can no longer easily be carried .
if you pry off the lid its even harder to keep the bbs from coming out neatly .
it has been in use so long i honestly forget .
no irritations ,  no redness ,  no downtime ,  no problems .
yes the are cheap and you get what you pay for .
when i put them on ,  they were too small .
when you tug on it ,  the phone should pop up .
i kept getting bubbles or areas on the edge that wouldn t stick .
even though they re pretty cheap ,  they re a total waste of $
like the product ,  but the scent is too strong .
purchased one and it worked two times before i got an error code that signified  abnormal unit function .
my first experience was about half a cup .
still ,  it needs to be a little bit bigger ! i m disappointed .
the spoon is large and not very deep .
i have not taken it out since a few days after i purchased it .
i tried many different brands of coffee ,  all expensive ,  which should have given me a nice tasting coffee .
it would have been a five star review .
blew up the second time i used it .
so it shortly stops blowing bubbles ,  although the fan continues to run .
and as i put the protector on and put it in my pocket it came off .
the bass for me sounds ok but the mids and highs sound dead .
the handlebars are also a little narrow and low .
they are cheaper ,  contain less noxious chemicals ,  and they won t destroy the skin you have .
while these fans are quiet and move a lot of air ,  they seem to be of very poor quality .
the door comes off and goes back on without a problem .
then i hear people talking about the sound .
it does cinch in the waist ,  but i hardly ever wear it now .
there is no problem using the original ipad usb cable .
if the buttons where elsewhere on the device i think it would work better .
there are much better quality grain free foods that cost less then this .
the shirt itself is ok ,  the fit was way to tight .
a nifty way to get around perhaps ,  but rather clumsy in design overall .
to make sure ,  i tried several other chargers .
im really upset and thankful i didnt spend more than i did for it .
i will update if they contact me and try to resolve this matter .
during installation while following the instructions ,  the grip tore down the seem with ease .
if you re willing to lose a couple of bucks and it s not a big deal then no worries .
i might as well be drinking water . as for taste .
meh  . this is not terrible coffee ,  just not worth the trouble .
i found the roaster very cumbersome to use ,  and ,  i m sorry to say ,  i haven t used it since .
don t know if i just got a bad one or what ,  but usually i can trust oxo brand .
my pc got connected ,  but the wireless would not work .
but i still can t get all the tiny bubbles out ,  and the screen looks like crud .
i would go with something a little less  fabric  and a more heavy synthetic material .
until i i tried to listen to music .
the case is is meant to be super thin and maintain the lines of the phone .
i have had bad luck with this one and would not purchase it again .
i don t know what i expected from this product ,  but it doesn t deliver anything .
would you buy a cd you can only put in your cd player num_num times ?  .
i was looking forward to using it for resident evil num_extend
i m experimenting with various campbell soups because i m on diet .
i tried it on for num_num minutes after num_num weeks from the delivery .
once this happens super glue can only help for a few minutes .
also ,  the cups were disproportionate to other manufacturer s item of the same size .
this time ,  the phone seems working with num_num bar signal strength .
contrary to some of the reviews ,  the software is not so difficult to use .
the cutouts are smaller so the case doesn t fit well in an otterbox or aftermarket belt clip .
after a few days of having this ,  it became dirty ,  and it started to pill off .
but ,  don t sell a product that doesn t work !  .
tablet chargers are usually num_extend or more and those still take a while to charge up .
unfortunately ,  amazon doesn t offer me a lower choice .
update :  num_num jan num_extend i contacted the manufacturer and asked for warranty replacement .
somehow though it still seemed to remove all the makeup from my skin ,  which was nice .
the one shown in the picture for the  mini  holds num_num cup ,  so i ordered this one .
it does recognize that it is charging but no picture or sound or chime when i plug it in .
i shoudl ve listened to the other reviews that said about this problem .
i ordered my regular size ,  and the fit is way off .
this looks cool in a photo but is a tad disappointing in real life .
once opened ,  you need a pair of tweazers to pull the battery out .
they sent me a replacement which was another set of the num_extend
this expensive cable stopped working after four years ,  likely while it was being plugged or unplugged .
i m now going to be looking for something a little better quality .
a month and a half ago ,  i purchased a trackball optical through amazon .
i was so anxious to start using this product due to so many positive reviews .
it is the smaller version but it is not as expensive as this bait  n  switch item .
i had to wash it out after num_num days .
recently i had to replace one  which got dropped and cracked  .
there are numerous spots all over that have had their stain rubbed nearly completely off . b .
honestly ,  though ,  i have a maglite solitare .  .  . it s a tiny little flashlight that uses only one aaa size battery .
the manufactures claim this coffee is not bitter .  . i disagree .
no coincidence my face looked better upon discontinued use .
i ll be buying a different brand next time .
replaced this item with ngk brand ,  oem manufacturer .
it comes in a bottle that looks like a milk bottle ,  and that s it .
i had this machine for few months and the piece under the blade cracked .
then ,  i find it hard to apply ,  the color doesn t come on evenly .
wish i had not bought such a large quantity to find that out !  .
one of the chargers has become defective after somewhat heavy use .
if you like weak coffee ,  you will like this .
or just might be a fake knock off .
but there were many things i dislike about it .
you can get better versions at grocery stores for a lower price .
i prefer burr grinders for coffee ,  but this one is a totral dud !  .
i have been using thenataal premium stylusfor my iphone ,  ipad and kindle fire .
if i use this cream only under my eyes ,  then i don t experience any untoward reaction .
i went to try it out on the computer that powered the access point first .
i liked them when they were in there but this just ruined it for me .
this is a neat ,  handy little gadget but it failed to perform to my expectations .
it is not suited to a small palmcorder or larger camcorder .
it is difficult to fix in place and it is unstable .
first off ,  the voice acting is not very good; but it s not the worst i ve heard either .
one of the parts doesn t even work anymore .
i ve given this product its fair shake ,  but in the end i just really don t like it .
i think the foam is too smooth to grip the hair .
i wanted a car charger for my asus num_extend tablet .
i ll keep trying it for a couple of months just to see if i ll fell any change .
the price was low so i thought why not try them .
not this cheap looking case with cheap material and ugly pink color .
once again i returned the roomba and picked up another one .
i didn t know it was made in china until receiving the bags .
so i bought this cable as a back up ,  and it didn t really work .
when the thermostat goes off the fan just circulates cold air .
it is cheap looking and it is bulky .
it isn t ,  in fact the cheapo ,  not good looking sets are more suitable than this one .
i returned this item the same day i opened it .
but it wasn t at all what i was expecting .
this num_num pack will last me a long ,  long time .
it s a large phone and awkward to carry on your person .
i sometimes used a tiny bit on my hair when it was dry to smooth down frizzies .
if you feel the same ,  don t get this !  for spinal back pain ,  i can see where this might help .
note ,  it appears they did once use stainless steel  .
the voice acting is ok at times ,  but terrible at most .
i didn t have that in mind when i bought them ,  i could do that with my earbuds .
the usb was supposed to be new but it was not .
looks terrible ,  and it didn t fit the phone properly .
however ,  over time i told myself ,  how i must have been mistaken .
it is so dry there is no wonder it simply won t mold or stick together .
still not great and i feel that it was too hard to assemble .
i ordered a num_extend as these are uk sizes and that s a num_extend converted .
they sent me a new one for free and that one broke in num_num days .
when i ordered these bowls ,  i was under the impression there were num_num bowls in the set .
glad the used price was cheap and i could resell it to someone else .
since my imac only has num_num usb ports .
china does not object to it ,  which is where it s made .
previously ,  the tea was neither muddy in taste or in appearance .
seems like most of the glowing reviews are from people who have just purchased and began using this fp .
i used to get these ,  but they were much thinner .
i purchased num_num of these ,  one for each of my boys .
they are not smooth like you would expect from a touchscreen screen protector .
they must be making a killing selling these batteries .
these screen protectors were very chunky and i could not get them to go on my phone correctly .
but it didn t work out for my num_extend
i m giving them to my daughter who is a little shorter and a size smaller .
did not last long for the price i paid .
this is not at all what i expected .
one of my few num_num star review products from amazon .
this product is just not working for us .
when they re on my ear ,  you can hardly notice that they re red .
all the pieces are small ,  and the two rectangular ones seem very thin for baking in .
i really wanted to give this one star ,  but that s not really fair to the board ,  which works fine .
i attempted it a second time and it was the same thing .
its probably not a  bad  product but not what i thought i was buying .
with new batteries it worked for a few days before the batteries were depleted again .
when i received the product ,  it came damaged .
i had bought one for my mom as well and her s did the same thing about two months later .
every once in a while ,  my pictures and videos become corrupted .
i am the owner of the smaller kitchenaid mixer ,  bought num_num years ago .
i have a num_num year old and an num_num mo old .
plus i don t like having my screen facing out .
this humidifier is loud ,  the white noise could be soothing to some ,  but annoying for other people .
i own several different wooden utensils and expected better quality from this brand .
less than num_num year after buying this ,  i am throwing it out and buying one by a different manufacturer .
i ll be finding another dealer to purchase the real deal .
i tried this for a week and have up .
i had to return mine ,  but i was sad about it .
it is much less comfortable than it should be .
this noise is not apparent to the caller  who is using the headset  .
everything matches the box from the vets but was about num_num dollars cheaper on amazon .
i guess the old adage you get what you pay for applies .
i wish i hadn t bought an entire case of these .
this makes it annoying to use because a beautiful device such as the ipod touch num_extend doesn t need bulk .
i couldn t wait to get a clear protector back on my phone .
this item used to be made out of tougher material .
however it doesn t charge to a full % and looses its charge quickly .
the cases that have rubber over those two buttons .
once you start washing it though ,  expect trouble .
i don t have any bubbles under the screen .
gloss isn t sticky ,  but it s very dry and stains your lips .
i m sure they are nice ,  but not what i m looking for .
me and the wife have both had the iphone num_extend num_extend and now num_extend plus two ipads .
another case of you get what you pay for .
original review : it goes on a little bit like sunscreen .  .  . same consistency and same smell minus most of the shine .
doesn t want to stay on your phone and very cheaply made .
these were replacements for a pair of koss headphones that broke .
didn t change like it says it will and the color isn t what you think it is going to be .
it isn t even that cheap for what you get so i can t see why someone would own this .
it s not bad ,  but it doesn t appeal to me either .
i unplugged it and plugged it back in .
this product came in it s box ,  with the order summary taped to it .
the screen visual is good but the sound is horrible you can barely here anything .
the second ones i bought lasted awhile ,  but then they broke in half .
i threaded the screws in anyhow figuring i probably wouldn t take it back apart again .
not cool ,  even if i got it on sale from its usual high price .
like my title says ,  i bought this hoping to save $ over the seido extended battery .
i order alot of  thinks  from amazon and never had trouble before .
biggest piece of crap charger ive ever owned .
at that point i simply ordered a medium from amazon .
really cheap quality blade ,  buy and oster brand blade ,  if you don t want to be wasting your money .
for the price ,  that is not very long .
the es num_num is only slightly more expensive but provides much longer runtime .
it is light weight but also has a very flimsy plastic hinge on the mirrored door .
i got this for my daughter and was not that happy .
buying it from amazon warehouse i had higher expectations .
i ve purchased in the past ,  but these were just too large for my very very thin hair .
i ordered one of these a few years ago  four ?   .
so ,  thinking this was a fluke ,  i bought another one and it came broken .
an old adapter works fine on this pc ,  so i returned it .
i installed over num_num ft of this hose .
i did try this product but it doesn t seem to have worked as well as others indicated .
a little too bright even when it goes from num_num lights down to one .
save your money on this item ,  really think about what you are buying before you do it .
this product won t work on an iphone num_extend
they are nicely made ,  but they are no where near large enough for my intended use .
i bought a few ,  they didn t hold charge .
unfortunately ,  as i sipped it and it cooled down it started getting a  fishy  odor to it .
i would suggest the buyer save there money .
it s like some of the parts are glued together with plastic wrap .
i bought these a few years ago and terrible treble .
its a pain in the butt to use .
it doesn t even support the weight of the phone .
only boiling water in it ,  i didn t even need to clean it .
they just taste strange and have a weird texture .
so to sum this up as short as i can .
i guess you get what you pay for it was enexpensive and so was the material as well .
i know that smell  and taste ,  yes ,  i tasted it  .
the player two headset doesn t work at all ,  and i have tried two completely different sets of batteries .
applied this anyway and num_num weeks later i m in the market for new screen protectors .
the sound is okay ,  but i don t recommend this item for one simple reason :  no power cord .
my husband has been wearing fotl undershirts as sleep shirts for years .
it held up for about num_num months of daily use .
not only does it not stay stuck to the windshield ,  but it is definitely not for the iphone num_extend
if you want these pay the extra and buy retail packaging num_extend time around !  !  !  .
my remote came with my ipod when i bought num_num years ago .
having the option of a door would fix this problem .
i bought these slippers when amazon had them for less than $ so i probably shouldn t complain ,  but .
you are better off picking your own quality fabrics and supplies for less money than this kit .
they probably couldn t hear the buzzing ,  but its pretty loud .
these were represented as the same size but are smallerl .
in retrospect i would not have purchased them .
this was enough to occupy my time for roughly num_num minutes .
i used it regularly for num_num months before it just stopped working .
if the smell does go away i ll update this review .
the smell didn t seem to bother them in the slightest .
fix :  charge battery before use ,  or use num_extend
no ,  i did not expect a gourmet product .
this one i ordered doesn t have the same quality .
i mean customer who ll buy it off me .
aligning it with little set screws was a little time consuming but not imposssible .
the volume is not loud enough with a single headphone connected ,  let alone trying to use num_extend
the cap is small and barely holds beans sufficient for num_num cups of coffee .
for my purposes ,  it will be ok ,  but its not quite like the picture and not great quality .
other reviews also mention this . it s too bad too .
it resides in the useless junk pile along with other stuff i bought on amazon that did not perform .
i really don t feel it is worth buying and i won t be buying it again .
it s a metal insert in a plastic handle .
this product was small and hard to hold .
made it very difficult to get the phone out of my pocket .
i m not sure i ve ever encountered any keyboard which felt worse under my fingertips .
they re very big and the elastic is weak ,  so they do not like to stay up .
i was fairly excited to hear about this product .
so frustrating that the quality has decreased since last i bought this product .
what are they ,  ,  , crazy ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  i have never seen such an overpriced product in my life !  i am not kidding .
the wireless range is very short num_num feet max .
since i purchased it ,  i haven t really used it much except for the occasional use of its hex wrenches .
go for jabra or samsung ,  not nokia ,  when it comes to bluetooth tooth earpieces .
it is much smaller than i thought and is extremely flimsey .
this was not what i expected way too bulky .
i purchased this second battery from amazon because its the same in my new galaxy num_extend
i think for the money the velcro ought to be designed to easily latch and stay latched !  .
isnt as metallic purple as it shows ,  more of a darker purple .
had this in my oven for months and didnt really notice a difference with it .
it could not fit my phone as the supplier sent a damaged case to me .
also ,  i did notice that my phone would get hotter with the case on .
it s barely an inch thick for heaven s sake .
i purchased this dryer to replace my old ,  old ,  old hair dryer .
finally ,  with num_num pieces of  toppings  you d think they could have included more variety .
it doesn t add a lot of bulk to the phone .
i read the instructions before using the pan .
once that s on ,  your supposed to be able to clip the phone into the belt holster .
for the money and tuff scale i was hoping for more durability .
they get the job done ,  but if you are looking for quality ,  these are not brushes for you .
finally ,  i opened up the num_extend receiver to see what else i can do inside it .
i can t rate the product higher ,  as my experience was disappointing .
only used it a couple of times but i didn t notice much difference .
i would definitely buy them again ,  but never online .
save yourself some grief and buy something else .
i didn t use this very long because it seemed to really increase my appetite .
i ve never had a product do that ,  and i ve tried a lot of things .
you just sit in down in the base .
because it s a silly product : at first i was very skeptical about this device .
this toy is a blast but ,  unfortunately like so many things today ,  the quality is very poor .
unfortunately ,  it finally bit the dust ,  so i went on amazon for a replacement unit .
i had originally bought them via my amazon prime membership .
it might not be as noticeable if you are using it with a cake that isn t white .
i have been using shea butter for years and this is not pure % shea butter .
my experience is with the num_extend not the num_extend
maybe others have easier to use vents or something .
if you need a spot cordless vacuum ,  look into the eureka num_extend
dont loose your user s manual ,  or you ll be lost .
spray the surface with detergent ,  clean the surface with a microfiber cloth ,  then vacuum the liquid away .
the product is not very thick ,  and the bottle opening is annoyingly small .
hard to handle; have to lift front to drain; make a mess .
the blade does not extend into the knife handle fully .
the control buttons are also difficult to manage while driving .
the card pockets were very small for a credit card .
after brewing coffee ,  the metal sides have almost no warmth ,  indicating good insulation .
moving my head would cause the earbuds to dislodge .
i ordered these one size larger than i take in levi s or wranglers ,  but they still did not fit .
and as an audiophile and audio enthusiast ,  i ve owned many over the years ,  both cheap and expensive .
charged my iphone num_extend num_num percent with the case fuly charged .
it you tighten the spring too tight it squeezes the water out of the bottle .
clips were of very cheap material as well .
after reviewing my case ,  he gave me the num_extend as a replacement .
it may be ok to use in cooking ,  but not on baked potatoes .
next time i will know to buy a num_num in these .
i used it for my galaxy num_extend for a good num_num months without any problems .
also ,  the light turns halfway to green but stays halfway red ,  and doesn t charge both batteries evenly .
the fast shipping is the only good thing about this .
you can t turn it off ,  and it never shrinks ,  expands ,  or goes away .
not really worth the money and you only get a small amount .
they are very cheap and do not feel like they would last long .
the pot is not stable on top of my stove .
this unit means the one  grinds well  but falls far short of the other  hassles  .
i ended up with about num_extend c of  soft serve  ice cream .
sadly ,  it did not perform any better than what i had been using .
i dropped my phone one time and the screen protector scratched and had to be replaced .
the color was not a vivid as described or shown in the picture .
it comes without a lid ,  which is a little annoying .
bought and used one time then threw it away and got a better more expensive one .
the taste was ok ,  if a little bland .
very disappointed after reading all the great reviews .
after reading the reviews ,  i knew i was taking a risk by purchasing this item .
i bought this based on other s positive reviews ,  but i do not share those same positive opinions at all .
it repeatedly forgets whether i m wearing it or not .
bought this because of all the great reviews ,  butthis doesn t work ,  just like the last beringer product i bought .
why ?  because in order to extend their life ,  they need to be topped off continuously .
it is too shiny and will hurt you eyes in the sunlight .
i will probably not be buying this one again .
on top of that ,  size num_num was very large on me .
you will do better buying something much cheaper than buying this current formulation .
i also noticed that my product is old .
the filter doesn t seem to work very well either ,  and the entire thing is difficult to clean .
i was hoping that when i ordered these i would receive them as pictured .
this is not the battery that came with my phone ,  the sprint epic num_extend
i took it for a few weeks and pretty much nothing happened .
i purchased another with the hope that this problem will not repeat itself .
i wanted to use this in the rv ,  but it was also a tad large .
for one thing it s way too dark ,  even in it s lightest shade .
the taste is not all that great although the texture is much improved over the older product .
these are the worst earbuds on the market .
amazon too the unit back and promptly refunded my money .
i went with the  amazonbasics hdmi to dvi  instead to get my pc hooked up to my tv .
the large handles prevents my bad finger from locking trying to hold something of small num_extend
and they are not cheap . i would never purchase these again .
i am being generous in giving num_num stars .
the only problem i have is with the cleanser .
now i am here shopping for a new one ,  not made by apc .
i have never seen any products that are fragile like this one .
the product worked ok for one of my daughters and didn t work at all for the other one .
when i got this phone i was ecstastic .  . until i looked at the corners of my phone .
i wanted a longer one and this is shorter .
they are right ,  it s not easy to clean  at least the inside of the lid is not  .
are they worth the $ i paid  now $ on amazon  ?  no .
i returned this to amazon after it came up in a search for large rawhide bones .
this product is nothing like what i used to buy .
i returned this rack because it was not easy to put together and it did not stay together well .
it sounds like it s working but won t roll .
let me start out by saying if i could give it less stars i would .
i charged it all day a full num_num hours and it died in num_num minutes .
i m sure it will get a num_num star if i ever get the item .
it is also the sort of thing ,  once ground into the carpet ,  would be very hard to vacuum up .
this fits in your pocket  but i do not recommend it ,  as scratching the screen will be very num_extend
i haven t tried it ,  but it seems like it would be a lot more environmentally friendly than this product .
this cable charges my phone ,  but doesn t sync with itunes .
i m not blind to the benefits of products like these ,  and have been trying some as an experiment .
my recommendation is to buy a better power pack !  .
you don t have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals .
i agree with the more negative reviews on this item .
to its credit ,  the product doesn t seem to flake or smudge easily .
i had mine about a year before the auto focus stopped working .
these are so small and so low as to be useless .
not sure if it is defective or just awful .
the biggest issue is that the phone still drains power like crazy when in standby mode .
since it didn t have a great record on the reviews ,  i read all the reviews before purchasing .
however ,  i am not discounting this product as unworthy .
i received it on a wednesday ,  it was promptly back on ups  truck by friday .
the price may be right but it doesn t work for me .
there is no redeeming value in this product at all .
i have had this juicer for num_num years .
i may get just a plain bag with no  appendages  ,  like hair ,  arms ,  or noses .
yes ,  its a very affordable price ,  but the quality sucks .
it doesnt fit so it doesnt work in a usb port .  .  . i want my money back !  !  !  .
luckily i have new phones . i don t know what else i can do .
they are also alot smaller than i expected them to be . overall this is a cheap disappointing product .
while i seem to be in the minority ,  i did not love this product .
obviously ,  it is really cheap product and you get a lot of it .
but ,  i bought it ,  i m stuck with it ,  and frankly ,  i don t mind being stuck with it .
as some of the latest reviews have said ,  this is not the real deal .
you need to wet it first ,  then it is a struggle to get the color on your hair .
wish i had read the reviews before purchasing .
not really happy that the earring didn t stay on my ear .
% of people have covers on their phone !  who carries an iphone around plain ?  ?  ?  .
ended up ordering the num_extend amp fast charger  same charger as comes with the samsung galaxy num_extend phone  .
without the device ,  i can get to the internet  albeit at an unsatisfactory speed  .
it also doesn t work well in bright light situations ,  i . e .
i never had any problem with my iphones .
i wanted to swap out sim cards between num_num phones .
they are so thin it is hard to get any grip when you rub them between your fingers .
water gets trapped under the outer plastic bezel when you wash the pitcher .
not as thick and heavy as i thought they would be .
my asus num_extend is my go to tablet ,  even over my ipad num_extend
there was a ton of surfactant in this soap; it took a lot of water to rinse it off .
i was super excited to try this product ,  but i have to admit that i was extremely disappointed .
i had one of these for about num_num months .
these are indeed extremely lightweight but that s not a good thing .
the case is very thin ,  adding minimum bulk .
so basically you pay $ for a pair of sunglasses .
this did not happen to me with other cleanser s that i used .
i guess i will just keep it for backup .
i can hear the other people ,  but they can t hear me .
its not a simple plug and play cable .
it may be gluten free but it sure is not low calorie . it contains very little fiber .
i was concerned that a num_extend pair of num_extend glasses were defective .
i have used several sharpeners in the past .
that didn t bother me ,  so i now have the kitcheaid ultra power num_num speed blender in my kitchen .
i have used it for num_num months nows .
the fit was still rather tight ,  which is odd because my hair is not that long .
i have used many screen protectors in the past from  bodyguardz  and  skinomi  .
but it s okay for a try i wouldn t buy it .
luckily ,  it doesn t sound overly  digital  like some other bt headsets do .
it s not horrible like i can t drink it ,  but it does not taste like either peach or tea .
i d return it ,  but it will do as a num_num inch skillet for me .
it does power your phone ,  but for a very short time .
it took me a while to realize it was because of the filter .
as it is it s useable ,  just not easy .
but at the price ,  why waste your money .
the only redeeming quality about it is that i was eventually able to get the job done .
i just didn t see the results that i thought i would .
the handle is too short ,  the release lever takes the force of a sledge hammer to activate .
i thought that all screen protectors were pretty much the same .
when i got done ,  my clean car was dotted with little blue pieces of the towel .
this garment is not darted or tapered ,  fits as a man s shirt would .  .  . on the billowy side .
definately will spend the extra money on a better protector .
even the battery was very warm . i consider this device worse than useless .
this product just doesn t do what it says it does .
they are also much thinner than we used to get from our main supplier .
either use the pam version which contains flour ,  or stick to the old grease and flour routine .
although the shape and adjustable speeds are nice ,  the artificial plastic smell lingers even after repeated washes .
i wash everything i get that will be used to touch anything i ingest .
i wish there was a way to know how big they were before i bought them .
i took it out of the box ,  inserted it into my clarisonic ,  and turned it on .
if you are smart spend a little more and get a better cable .
can t charge phone while cover is on phone .  . gives character toniphonevbut charger will not attach properly to allow changing .
it s definitely more annoying ,  both to parents and children ,  than it is fun .
it may seem soft ,  which is is but something i don t like about it .
plus ,  we never seemed to really be having a hardship .
don t waste your money on this  lifetime replacement  as you can get beeter protectors for a lot cheap prices .
it charges my phone incredibly slowly and heats up both the charger and the phone to an alarming level .
i wanted a small portable micro usb to carry in my bag .
i bought this bag as a birthday present for a niece but she rejected it .
i have since called two more times and emailed three times .
after discharging and recharging the battery ,  i realized the battery can only last less than a minute .
additionally ,  there was a strange aftertaste with this tea .
one of the headphones plays music at a much lower volume than the other headphone .
the loop is soft rubber ,  so no sharp or rigid plastic is clamping on your outer ear .
i put them on and can t wait to take them off .
ok ,  so i bought these for some reason thinking they were metal .
i use it for cereal and boy does turning the knob  gently  crush the cereal to sand .
i don t trust it and amazon has it way over priced .
it didn t feel like it protected the phone well .
i expected better from fiskars because i have several other fiskars hand tools .
the straps are super thin over the shoulders and around the back .
i don t think i will be using this again .
i needed that second cup at num_extend a . m .
the one i received is not very good and sub par vs .
the knife is just a section of the edge with a chisel grind ,  and it is basically useless .
the lid was intact when i removed it from the packaging .
most protectors at least wrap around the front ,  offering a minimal sort of  padding  .
maybe you want to get another color beside white .
nothing close to the color i was expecting .
this product i thought on top of a decent conditioner would be a no brainer .  . no tangles at all .
way too much money for the piece of garbage that it is .
they do work and they re effective but they are too pronounced .
this is not as small of a shock as i expected .
i used this along with another olay product .
real samsung cable is well over a meter long ,  almost num_num meters .
for a product marketed as a  sport  headset ,  these were useless .
there was no discernible difference in taste ,  and both were nicely baked without being dry .
the fit was ok ,  but there are lines and small creases under the skin .
when you re checking out on amazon or using prime ,  or on your wishlist ,  its pushed .
in the falk pot the food never sticks to the pot .
i d give this game num_num stars if that was possible .
holding the handle bit into my hand ,  even when empty .
from the looks of it i thought it would be a great toy ,  but it s pretty lame .
truly appeared to be a num_extend or something you d find at a discount shop .
this came in before my phone covers ,  and i could not figure out how to use it .
i have one of these sitting in a closet somewhere or did my wife throw it out .
i can see lots of dirt and dust getting in that way .
i had to return it and get a different one .
i also use the same controller on a dell laptop  inspiron num_extend
it broke num_num weeks after we got it .
with these new ones ,  it s not a problem . however .
i hadn t used this type of pot before ,  but ,  it seemed simple enough .
they do not release easily ,  especially with my mildly arthritic hands .
this is a danger to anybody who uses it with high loads .
i really wish i could give this a higher rating .
pictures taken to be stitched at medium to maximum shift will not match in luminosity .
tried several times ,  packaging was questionable for a true canon battery .
i was sent a replacement order and it is the same . what happened ?  .
it also claims to be waterproof ,  but i don t see how .
also for something that might work and isn t much more than plastic ,  it s expensive .
that being said ,  this is way too small !  and it comes apart way too easily .
it does have a medicinal taste  i didn t use the peppermint drops  ,  but it s not too bad .
they ll just mess up the foil and cutter again once a newer razor comes out .
to solve this ,  i used a gold filter with a paper filter inside .
i d give the game num_extend stars ,  but since i can t it only gets num_extend
i am not a big fan and this product .
they are okay ,  but i won t buy them again .
this device did not live up to my expectations .
i still use it ,  but not for grinding coffee anymore .
it took much longer for me to receive it + it didn t fit .
it can be glued back on ,  but the plastic seems like it will break if dropped .
if i want a mild coffee i ll be buying a different brand .
spout is needed . you do need a funnel to fill them ,  however . they are one quart each .
i was excited to get these for my num_num year old .
i was using it with my samsung galaxy s iii .
i can purchase the num_num giant rolls for about num_extend a pack .
i needed batteries for a trip ,  and ordered num_extend
then a month later it starts lasting as long as the battery it replaced .
my problem ,  i ordered these and about a week later got the package .  .  . but it was the wrong product .
i find it to be hard and uncomfortable .
now i have sent two back to amazon .
maybe it will work with headsets that do not have the activation button on the outside surface .
it was rinsed and immediately dried off after any and all usage .
this product only lasted about num_num or num_num months before it broke .
therefore ,  when it s on a flat surface it just heats up until it burns up .
i am an average to thin weight num_num foot num_num female in my num_extend
no computer is necessary ,  you just need an outlet to plug it in .
i almost ruined my iphone trying to get this thing off once it was on .
don t buy poor quality ,  yeah yeah i know u will think quality will come with its price .
i tried heating it up longer but then it is too hot .
i was disappointed in my can of coffee drink . sure there is no sugar ,  and only a few calories .
i enjoy other products by this company ,  however this one was not a good fit for me .
sent it back and put my older non gig poe switch in service .
the original battery was num_num years old and would last for hours of talking up till recently .
when i get through what i bought i am going back to clinique .
other than my skin being softer ,  i really did not notice any change from using this product .
just because something smells nice does not mean it tastes nice .
it was a shame too ,  because the handle on this thing is great !  .
they had a difficult time putting them on .
some of my wireless electronics did not recognize the batteries .
i will certainly not be replacing this mixer  when it dies soon  with another kitchenaid product .
i am returning this for a different headset .
the headband and ear pieces do not fit especially well .
i have gotten these at the store and wanted another one but they didn t have the color i wanted .
so even that is no big deal for nostromo .
this battery has num_extend while the sony has num_extend
it s made of a fairly cheap ,  sharp and brittle plastic .
blew it back up ,  fell asleep ,  was deflated when i woke up a few hours later .
the hard case seems brittle and has some thin areas that look like they will break easily .
and yes i did not use it a lot like you might think .
and ,  it shreds ! i had read the poor reviews ,  and always try to keep an open mind .
this use to be a good quality dog food that i use to recommend to everyone .
this item had pretty mixed up reviews when i was buying them .
yes ,  they are cheap and yes ,  there are several in the pack .
this item didnt even charge my phone for num_num minutes and it died .
but think about the things you can buy for that money instead .
i still have it but it will not be a repeat purchase .
it may have the ability to pump you up with energy but it just does not tastes well .
they gave me a refund without having to send it back immediately .
my daughter received this toy when she was num_num years old num_extend grade  .
so far i have opened num_num bottles of wine with synthetic corks .
although the headset looked new ,  the battery was doa .
i ve only been using this off and on for two weeks so it seems to be doing okay .
i m not sure what this product is supposed to accomplish .
when you turn it on ,  the switch shows a red light .
unfortunalty for me it didn t work well at all .
its too small ,  doesn t form very well and is outshined in comfort by the cheaper ones out there .
the cover part that is suppose to cover the screen doesn t really close all the way .
i do use it for hair as a conditioner ,  but for skin ,  it dries up very quickly .
i don t care how much you pay for one of these type of cord ,  they should all work .
it s too bad because i think it s a nice product .
notice it is manufactured in germany and not sweden .
when they finally wore out ,  i didn t feel bad replacing them .
it is a plastic piece of junk and the pieces are very hard to put together .
it is hard to rate a product very high when it is broken in num_num months .
at $ there are better bags out there .
i tried different ports ,  different micro usb cords ,  everything .
it is the noodles in a soup form of cheese .
it seems like otterbox tried to do something difference in response to criticism of its big bulky cases .
whatever you put into the toaster either pops out burnt or not toasted enough .
good product but poor design in my opinion .
i don t know if that is what happened in my case because i ve never tried this product before .
i don t understand all of the rave reviews .
thankfully i didn t spend my own money on it !  .
i have never tasted rancid olive oil ,  so i don t know if this oil was rancid .
secondly ,  the picture quality is just not satisfactory for a num_num megapixel camera .
first of all ,  i have no complaints about this product s taste .
i used this tea many years ago and it was okay tasting .
my original battery was slowly dying ,  so i decided to buy this one and get more juice .
the fabric is very thin and form fitting .
save your money and get a usb light .
prehaps i can wire this up to a dimmer switch or something .
when i saw his knife i told him he probably should get something made better .
i just tossed a coated calphalon skillet that started to stick after num_num years of careful use .
a minor complaint for several reasons ,  but still bothersome .
the item was purchased from through amazon fulfillment but the seller was num_extend
i was hoping to not have to spoon grease off from soups and stews any more .
so just be careful when you buy a protective case that is supposedly going to protect your phone .
the color of this isn t what it shows .
this product does not have enough pigment for my taste to make it justifiable .
i took it apart ,  emptied the water ,  and let it dry .
i was just drinking a cup and notice it tasted light ,  watery ,  and tasteless .
these are almost the most cheaply made screen protectors i ever had .
the latching mechanism is held on by a rivet which was not strong enough to hold the latch on .
for all i know ,  i m supposed to put it in my coffee every morning .
i would never buy anything similar nor would i recommend this to a friend .
and these were at least a size to small .
but in my opinion ,  it s to the detriment of their skin with metal spikes this huge .
the usb cable disconnects from the charger allowing you to use the cable for other things .
i cannot recommend this product at this cost .
i wanted so much to like the tea .
ended up getting a different bottle that i can unscrew the cap and dispose of the water easily .
i m a num_num so i picked up a num_num as suggested .
i even turn the heater up to num_num degrees still my little num_num gallon tank temp is at num_extend
i didn t like this product because it was very fragile .
the coffee taste like instant coffee which is stated on the product .
i have a amd athlon xp num_extend num_extend agp capable motherboard ,  num_num watt power supply ,  num_extend ddr num_num ram .
mix in the whipping cream with the other ingredients for about num_num minutes or until the whipping cream thickens .
i gave it num_num stars in my first review ,  but i can t do it now .
i ordered num_num sets of these for my daughter s dinosaur themed birthday party .
i have tried every thing ,  even a new smc router .
it was larger than i had expected ,  and did not look good when i tried it on .
i know for a fact the water in my dishwasher is very hot ,  so it s not that .
it s just an expensive hunk of nikon plastic .   .  .  .   .
the size was way too big ,  for a medium .
this toy is not nearly worth the money that it costs .
i immediately noticed that the packaging looks worn and a little beat up .
the second order i placed i ordered num_num lbs .
i bought this num_extend because it was cheap .
they say if something is priced too good ,  buyer beware .
but a regular food processor could do a better job with less rumble ,  wiggle ,  and noise .
this is an ok radio except for the num_extend am reception needs improvement .
you can probably find better toys in the $ range .
i used this once to charge a new battery .
i am still searching for a charger that will charge my old motorola num_extend krzr .
a platter is a large serving implement not a tiny little individual appetizer type dish .
considering those factors i would say its a bit overpriced .
when i bought these ,  i thought they d fast charge a samsung galaxy note num_extend but they don t .
just recently i have used the cover and realize it does not fit tightly .
get a swiss army knife ,  kershaw ,  mora ,  ontario rat ,  opinel or brand that doesn t put out completely junk knives .
there is some person on youtube showing how to use this .
i call it % threadbare . second and finally ,  the fit is tight .
however ,  this headset does nothing to impress me .
it is more of a pain to use than any real help at all .
i figured eventually it would save me money .
this kettle worked all right while it lasted ,  but it lasted only num_num months .
these screen protectors were very cheap and did not stick well .
too much room tone if your laptop s fan isn t dead silent .
the inside of some of he cups are not completely smooth .
i found the sound quality to be really poor .
the battery fits ,  charges ,  and appears to work ,  but didn t last as long as i expected .
i don t know why this very bland product is getting rave reviews .
there is a reason it s cheaper than the other games .  . because it is cheap .
this is the  i get what i pay for  .
it s very hard to control the amount of polish using this brush .
overall i was disappointed in how reliable it was .
who needs to deal with that junk ?  this replacement gets returned to amazon .
the part that loops around needs to be a little larger diameter .
don t bother with them ,  i cant believe  sony  would make such a cheap pair of headphones .
i ve tried other kcups from coffee people brands and they were ok ,  nothing to write home about .
all i can say is ,  these measuring cups are not at all what i was expecting .
they price isn t bad so i didn t return it .
i ve been using both miss jessie s for two weeks now .
this soup has a syrupy taste too it .
i should give it num_num stars for being in expensive but it just stays on my skin .
one is that it is difficult and awkward to put the lid in place .
when i ordered it ,  i thought it would have something other than the base unit .
the other two i purchased ,  while probably plastic don t look like it .
i much rather have plates that disassemble and go on the dishwasher .
my height is as average as a guy can be at num_num feet .
weak bass ,  muddy vocals ,  no highs . these are poser headphones .
if i turned num_extend off and turned num_extend on ,  in same place ,  num_extend worked fine .
it takes a while to get off and on .
i don t have a space in my little apartment for anything that large !  .
this has happened to me num_num times total .
the usb stub cable is connected to one of the pi s usb ports .
but it fits the price point and was disappointed with the product ,  it just didn t meet my compactness requirement .
this doesn t work very well ,  the battery doesn t stay charged long enough to finish the job .
you are better off at the dollar store .
second ,  i know that it is a compact unit ,  but it is slow .
i thought they would be great ,  not plastic ,  at least not all plastic ,  and they would hold up .
my fovorite size is num_num oz num_extend cup  ,  but nobody seems to make one these days .
i regret buying this and wasting my money .
but on the rare occasion i had to take it off ,  it kept chipping the corner of my phone .
the brush i d used did not drop bristles or fall apart .
:   plus the price of this wasn t all that bad compared to what i ve paid for in the past .
i only got to use it a few times .
after a few days my nail polish was chipping .
i thought that such an expensive item should have something built in for that .
so i bought wellness healthy weight dry cat food for adult cats instead .
the phone constantly freezes and needs to be rebooted .
by no means am i saying that this product simply doesn t work; it just didn t work for me .
this perhaps is okay for children num_num months to no older than num_num months .
i had a difficult time getting this to work .
these made the sound muffled and i am better off using the netbook speakers instead .
i was able to send it back to amazon easily for a refund .
i ve never bought a charger with such a short cord .
i am assuming that the positive reviews are for those colors constructed as described .
well , i was expecting a lot more from an extended battery .
since it stated it is an oem item ,  i placed the order .
allow me to explain . first ,  the graphics engine ,  although good looking ,  does not allow for full camera freedom .
i ordered one for my scottie ,  but i am returning it to get a larger one .
with the schiuma ,  you can pull the wand out and toss it in the dishwasher .
totally too small for anything ,  nicely made ,  but as i said not for anything i need it for .
this is the second brand i have tried that does not work .
video of recordings looks like you arewatching a num_num tv .
i upgraded from a num_extend generation num_num gb ipod .
it broke where it was supposed to pivit while inserting it in my ear one day .
it did dissolve well but left skin with blemishes .
i m disappointed as i really had high hopes for this product !  skip it and find something more reliable .
i installed one on my phone and ten minutes later it fell off .
this mobile phone usb charger broke the very first time i used it .
and i tried two different brands of speaker stands .
this battery arrived ,  and was not a num_extend by ge as advertised .
after installing my itunes and ipod ,  i tried itrip .
i guess vacuum is something u just can t skimp ur money on .
i bought this for sharping my knifes and was very dissapointed .
i ve had this thermometer for a little over a year .
i owned other canon products before from powershot cameras to this num_extend
i wish i d read reviews before buying this .
the plastic is cheap and not very sturdy .
these tongs are ok but they really do not have a solid feel to them .
the regular breads were great .  .  . so it s not me or the machine .
i was really dissapointed when one of the earbuds suddenly died without any explanation .
all my clothes are num_extend but these are small in the waist .
i had high hopes but unfortunately ,  the product did nothing for me .
i ve never had this issue with any of my other usb drives .
i bought num_num of this and tried to test first .
the swivel clip is too loose and swivels too easily .
the cookie crumbles leaving a dry mess of rice flour and hardish chewy fruity bits in your mouth .
i m just glad i didn t pay much for them !  .
well ,  if you have the same problem ,  try unplugging it and have a dedicated power supply for this player .
the item recived had a loud audio whisle when in the playback mode .
it is one heat only ,  and more delicate meats and foods burn easily before cooking num_extend
since i switched ,  no more iffy smells or itch .
this is a disposable item ,  when the battery dies you just throw it away and buy a new one .
i would have rated it num_num stars except the pictures don t all match up .
and yet it claims to be a low glycemic product .
there is a lot of apps ,  but some of it is junk .
the manuals say that they re for component video .
i really can t tell if the knife is a fulltang down to the end of the plastic handle .
the amp is a cheap piece of junk .
the electric cord is so short that you need an extension cord .
however ,  it is simply too much work ,  problematic and poor earbuds  costing you more money  for the premium price .
worse ,  it s kinda flimsy ,  the plastic too soft .
this was cheap enough ,  but what is a good price for a useless product ?  .
you can tell by the very mixed reviews .
i had to soap and exfoliate to get the feeling off of my skin .
and remember ,  amazon sells the product but is not responsible for its subpar performance .
bought the unit online from amazon on january num_extend num_extend
i could have bought them num_num circular ones for the same price !  .
the bristles are very hard nd don t lather nearly as well as others .
i returned it and exchanged it for another one .
only useful thing was the usb cable but i already own a bunch of them .
it s a smaller screen than a cheap palm device .
if you going use that cheap quality ,  then maybe num_num to num_num plastic cliips to secure it more .
the sound was full of static and not very loud even with the volume all the way up .
when i opened the package i was severely disappointed .
both of these items seem  cheap  and not up to oxo quality .
if the shipping was free ,  i d consider getting another one .
not sure if i will continue to use this .
it didn t look new at all ,  looked like it s been previously used .
if you re lucky ,  you ll get num_num or num_extend
i thought i was buying num_extend of the same small biscuits my dog likes .
on the lid ,  then put the  table  over it .
i made this with with small cup setting on my keurig ,  thinking it would be mild .
i used this about twice a week and never left it on for long periods .
if you don t ever plan on opening your phone ,  or removing this cover then this is for you .
i was excited to try this out but honestly i regret purchasing it .
save your money and get a better quality headset .
the first few times i used it ,  it didn t see much of a result .
i d rather buy the cheap anchor ones from a local retail because they at least aren t this poorly made .
i used it tonight for the first time to roast chicken .
the latches on back to keep it together are very flimsy .
the product did not do what it was supposed to do .
from the description ,  i thought i was purchasing num_num of the same  as pictured  .
then ,  eat something or chew gum to get rid of the aftertaste .
initially the unit is difficult to operate because of stiffness .
so now i have a num_num dollar paper weight .
my head is not that big ,  and this hat was still a bit too small for me .
also ,  if you are tall ,  it s not really  longer length ,   as the description says .
if you like having your pockets turned inside out every time you pull your phone out ,  but this case .
i planned on using this unit to charge my auto batteries and then leave it on trickle charge .
i picked this litter because of the price ,  and i guess you get what you pay for .
i eventually purchased another one from a gaming store that was in much better condition .
i ordered this in april and when it showed up num_num days later it was missing the handle .
i had to wipe it down good before using .
its too narrow and not tall enough !  !  the package says its for an iphone num_extend
my shipment did not arrive in two days later as promised .
i gave it num_num stars because they did returned my money with a decent check .
when i got it the bags were broken open in the box .
therefore ,  this thing isn t really as useful as it might appear .
the hardware works as expected but the supporting software may give you a usb error .
i have tried it in a bunch of phones .
spend a few dollars more and get better quality .
however the new jabra sone bluetooth headset does not meet the standards of jabra .
i paid about $ or more for each battery .
they re a lot thinner than i thought they would be .
i mean small for even num_num year old baby .
so i guess i won t be using this again .
the packaging was damaged as if it had been in a fire and suffered water damage .
i really needed this in our newer car but it did not fit in the seat .
bad sound quality ,  wireless fm is not a clear technology .
i only gave it num_num stars because it meets it s specs .
but seriously this pan is awful to cook with .
yes i paid $ bucks for this garbage .
maintenance takes about num_num hour  with the quick disconnect valve  expect longer if you don t have it .
don t waste your money ,  buy something with quality that has num_num or num_num ball bearings .
we have hardwood floors and it is not steady .
likely i will have to anyway cause these are cheap thin plastic .
sometimes ,  you get what you pay for ,  and that is exactly what happened to me .
but i think they are assembled in the us but that the products come from china .
graphics are alright ,  the sound is bad though .
sent them back and the seller quickly refunded .
there are not a lot of colors that came with it .
it was disappointing ,  since i liked the immediate results .
i used this item approximately five to six times .
i haven t had problems with the front cover coming undone since i ve only had it for a few hours .
i wish i could say that all the negative review it gets are unwarranted but i can t .
i m not sure how long it will last .
i have been using this product for three weeks now .
it doesn t cost much ,  but even a single dollar is too expensive for something that doesn t work .
i have order ed other ones around this price that were much better .
ok ,  first of all ,  the installation was a pain .
router ,  switch ,  wireless pc card ,  and now the num_extend
i navigate through pages of text using only the keyboard .
i had to go to the store to buy one that wasnt crappy .
it is actually more difficult to charge your phone .
this broke easy and the batteries don t last long .
i have had issues with the computer i bought this for ,  so it hasn t worked yet .
if you can drink those ,  then your stomach isn t reacting to the acidity but something else .
wasn t really sure what to expect when i tried it though .
expensive and not at all what i expected .
originally i had put a better review ,  but after using it maybe .
it broke when i tried to use it .
i gotta say this is just not up to my expectations .
not bad if you want it just for the look .
the phone case is cute but provides virtually no protection .
if they improve the plastic quality it wouldn t be a bad product .
makes it very hard to read the screen with this screen protector .
that was my own experience ,  and all other reviews i read indicated the same .
if you re insistent on having a cover ,  go with a better brand .
i didn t know this was what was already on my car when i bought another to replace it .
in my opinion there are far better and less expensive sunscreens on the market .
i had to scrap it and get another one .
i have foolishly bought this exact model twice .
it s just a giant expensive piece of plastic .
i have had the knife for a month ,  and now it is simply not sharp .
it s just a patchwork sewn flimsy ,  cloth item with a slight crinkle noise .
i had really high hopes for these ,  based on other reviews .
because of this ,  it tells me i don t get enough light .
worth a try but did not work for me .
i was looking to supplement my diet and reduce consumption of rice ,  potatoes ,  and bread .
very uncomfortable headphones that have some sort of constant fuzzy feedback sound when i use them .
i had no problem setting this unit up .
the fabric is very cheap quality and seems like it would easily tear .
it was a pain to fill and a pain to keep clean .
the top part does not lock firmly onto the bottom part .
then i tried baking soda and also vinegar .
i ve had the philips num_extend for about a year now .
i ll be looking for a higher quality item elsewhere .
i think anyone not using a plasma tv will probably find no problem with the headphones .
you need at least num_num to have it qualify for anything more than a light snack ,  in my opinion .
the foam is much to soft and will not reach the areas it should .
i hope the num_extend will be much better than this ds that i wasted money on .
the gloves were great except they were way too large for a child .
i m generally a fan of optimum nutrition but not for this one .
while it was brewing it didn t smell much like coffee either .
it s not very good in your money would be better spent on a superior product .
looking through the litany of toasters there doesn t really seem to be one that gets consistanty good reviews .
two minutes later you have to turn the power off in order to get it working .
instead of using motospeak ,  the earpiece uses samsung s voice to send text messages .
again ,  a slight bitter aftertaste ,  but not the normal whang i feel most sugar substitutes impart to liquids .
only reason i even gave this item an num_num star was because the order arrived before due date .
i have read rave review about this product ,  but it is not for me .
there is a little strap inside that prevents the case from opening flat .
i didn t give up though .  .  . i mounted them with small brass l brackets and screws now and no more issues .
i don t know why this thing has so many good reviews its terrible .
i guess you get what you pay for ?  .
they sent me a new one ,  i was excited .
unfortunately ,  this $ headset does not match the sound quality of a $ wired headset with a boom mic .
i m baffled by all of the positive reviews for this product .
this was purchase as auxiliary cable for my bmw .
just to be fair ,  this item was used when i received it .
first off ,  when i heard num_extend was coming out ,  i was excited .
turns out the lid isn t close enough to the blade to hold it down .
i guess you get what you pay for with these .
while it does move cords ,  the gadget itself sticks out as much as the cords did .
i think it was cause of the sound it made .
area is small to put money in and hold other things too .
i like the look of this cover but it is just too bulky .
until then you may want to consider the netgear num_extend
i wish i spent my money on something else .
then ,  take a hose and wash it down with soap and water .
yes ,  it s funky and glitzy ,  but aside from its touted suction power ,  it s a terribly designed ,  expensive product .
it s a lightweight and entirely unconvincing piece of hardware ,  and a big waste of your time .
it is not a true num_extend camera; it uses software to obtain the num_extend advertised resolution .
a cable was missing ,  which i got from plantronics for free .
i should have ordered it two sizes bigger .
but i guess thats what i get for buying cheap .
for the price ,  you get what you pay for .
the color did not look anything like the picture .
these things work for merely seconds at full blast if that .
it was over in a couple of minutes .
the only thing i see thats good about this is that it charges .
i am num_extend and at the time was num_extend so i ordered the medium .
orignally i had purchased this to pull up over my nose and mouth for motorcycle riding .
i did give it a second try just to make sure ,  but the same results happened .
this item is very overpriced for what it is .
after all of this ,  i was disappointed in the results .
i had really bad luck with this product .
this is not doing the job i thought it would .
this is simply not a useful or cool product .
once dulled ,  the knives remain quite dull . the knives will not stay sharp and they do not sharpen well . very disappointed .
based on other reviews ,  i m guessing my experience is a quality control issue .
instead buy a probe thermometer with dual functions  one for oven temp and one for meat temp  .
i really was looking forward to getting this product .
the taste was no great ,  not bad .  .  .  . just ok .
i returned the item and got my money back .
it feels very flimsy ,  and looks very cheap .
and not just because you might end up wasting your money .
it has been stuck to my windshield since the day i bought it ,  so it should not have failed .
honestly ,  i m not sure how much these work for the pain of arthritis .
i bought this to use on an induction cooktop but it didn t work .
however ,  you do not want a $ edc knife that you ar going to abuse .
i am not knocking it as a product .
closing it is also uncomfortable because the liner lock is extremely stiff .
i thought it would be a softer rubbery plastic .
but when i went to use it today .
needed phone to charge on a trip and it wasn t working .
i purchased this product a little over a month ago and it s already stopped operating correctly .
i am not a big fan of this turner .
the taste was just ok in my book as well .
it s pink ,  a little chalky and not very pigmented unfortunately .
i would say these are sized for a num_num year old .
at almost $ i don t consider this anything but overpriced .
not many toys do ,  but this one seems extra flimsy .
my cats go crazy for dry food ,  but will leave wet food alone in the device .
i have many of the old ones and wanted to add more sizes .
let me know if i can answer any questions by leaving a comment .
don t know what i was thinking when i bought this .
i felt the item was very thin ,  and to the touch not sticky at all .
it includes a dial that allows you to make weak ,  medium ,  or strong tea ,  and that s all automated .
i thought this would be an interesting drink ,  but it tasted too much like a jolly rancher candy .
as said before .  .  . all hdmi cables are the same .
next ,  instead of including the advertised wall charger there was only a usb cable .
these were fairly easy to put on ,  but i was hesitant that they would slip off and they did .
it does taste vaguely cheesy but not like mac and cheese .
i received a different product ,  similar but not what i wanted .
i would have been better off if i had ordered a size num_extend
these buds have audible distortion when playing back phone sounds .
i used this is my car and the thing only worked for a couple of weeks .
it smelled great and lathered up nice ,  but my hands felt very dried out .
we bought a replacement battery for num_num of our samsung phones ,  but from different companies .
i m now looking for a mini donut or bunt pan .
i felt that they were really overpriced though ,  so i came to amazon looking for a better deal .
in fact ,  after some low intensity use ,  the knife sustained chips along the leading edge .
it looks and feels cheaply made ,  and i don t expect it to last very long .
this case is $ but in reality is $ because the shipping cost is $
i cannot believe that this this is $
but i d go for something more durable ,  and perhaps over $
there is a very odd smell to this food ,  it almost smells as if it is bad .
although it looks a lot nicer ,  calling this the  ultimate  oven is a stretch ,  if not outright false advertising .
at least ,  when i put them in they are ok ,  but they are chipped when i take them out .
it does not go smoothly over the skin .
this item is to expensive if you buy it here from amazon .
i would strongly suggest you to invest little more in a better adapter .
this pen is actually too fine for my liking .
i washed it and boiled a couple of pots of water to prep it .
they were both very cheap in quality and could really only be worn as pictured in the photo .
trust me ,  you can find better headphones on here .
they were dense ,  lasted a long time and didn t shred much till they were very old .
this product does  or did  ,  in my experience ,  knock out aches and pains and even minor headaches .
the sound quality of all the different sounds is poor .
i love garlic but didn t care for it in the mashed potatoes .
any unburned calories will turn into fat and increase weight .
i m now using it on my hands so it doesn t go to waste .
the back case is ok but the battery isn t .
ask me how to get amazon prime free shipping perks .
just not what i wanted to protect my iphone .
only num_num days til christmas ,  so i will be buying another for my brother and family .
i have had these for about num_num months now .
semichrome lid requires an inconvenient pry tool to remove ,  ,  ,  , which tends to clobber lid causing it to not seal well .
i will write another review if the new one fits or doesn t fit .
considering how expensive it was ,  it should have lasted longer .
these look cheap and of course they were .
this does not work for macbook air ,  num_extend
doesn t have nearly enough pressure to clean out your ears .
my only complaint is that it s difficult to see the coffee as it s dripping into the carafe .
the fabric is stiff ,  almost rough rather than supple .
i was planning on using one for my phone and one for my wife s phone ,  leaving a spare .
we probably use it num_num times a day .
i last used it when i steamed cleaned my barbeque grill and then tossed it .
i would not purchase this item in the future .
it has its own power cord ,  so no more problems there .
with the cost of coffee these days .  .  . and the time spent on clean up .  .  . not ,  not ,  not recommended .
you are letting their computer know what number you want to call .
the batteries were corroded  ruined  and the toothbrush no longer worked .
i bought several ear buds for my wife s ipod because she was uncomfortable wearing the stock earbuds .
it is difficult to use since there isn t anything holding it down .
i had started to play it on my nephew s system a year or so ago .
with all the great reviews on here ,  i wonder if i just got a bum unit .
when i charge this phone after it reached % i cannot unlock my screen .
this is a one time tool !  it wears and breaks after using it only one time .
in the meantime ,  i can t use it anymore .
my num_extend  with only num_num watts rms  ,  sounds a num_num times better than this one .
while functionally speaking it does what it claims to ,  it simply doesn t deliver in fit and especially in style .
on this battery ,  i would get better battery life but average about num_num hours on the same usage patterns .
this is a minor annoyance ,  but it is annoying .
but it does smell terrible ,  compared to the device i bought as a replacement .
even plugging in one device at a time does not charge at full capacity .
the slightest movement disconnects it then you have to unplug it and plug it in again .
i don t feel comfortable leaving it plugged in all the time as it might drain my battery .
one of the ones i received was ripped out of the box .
once you take it you will only use that .
the volume can get very loud however .  .  .  .  . the voice call answer doesnt always understand me .
each time i attempted to open a can ,  the can opener failed to pierce the lid .
the top lid is not snuggly fitted to the opening and will fall out .
granted the product is very cheap ,  but i decided to try it out .
in order to get this stuff out ,  i had to wash my hair twice before it felt clean .
this product does not smell smoky at all .
if you buy name brand batteries of this type they could cost you over ten dollars for the pair .
i have samsung galaxy num_extend t mobile num_extend
they are very similar ,  they appear to have been produced in the same factory .
after a couple of months with this headset i have to give it a bad review .
i can t believe i even bought this ,  cheap flimsy piece of metal with an expensive price tag .
long story short :  they are and sound like $ walmart headphones .
so when i got there we discovered that the battery was no good .
there are better options for the same price out there ,  just takes some time to hunt .
the sound quality is very poor with low volume and distorted high end .
i put it back together with tape but it later came open again and some parts got lost .
i am actually quite angry for all of the reviews above one star on here .
the money you spend on this case isn t worth it .
i will not be buying this again ,  at least not for stretch marks .
the color is not as clear as i would like for it to be .
there s a reason the price is so low .
too bad because everyone speaks so highly of otterbox .
the product does smell decent ,  but still ,  if it never sprays ,  what the heck is the point ?  .
it means that i need to carry around cable with mini usb everywhere just for these headphones .
not much else i can say about the product .
i went to try them out to compaire them to my other headphones .
now i am just using the timer in the camera .
it s got kind of a rubbery ,  fake taste .
these technically make the pots a little lighter ,  but not enough to justify the cost .
i was excited to buy this after reading all the amazing reviews ,  but unfortunately mine did not heat up .
this seriously stinks !  i used to buy these but the price has almost tippled .
the features of the headset were not the same .
i received mine a few days ago and was instantly disappointed based on a number of num_extend
as a replacement ,  i bought a hamilton beach num_extend from amazon ,  which was approximately the same price .
while the num_extend was amazing and fit perfectly as i d imagine but these were just horrible .
i though that ,  for the price ,  i couldn t go wrong with this product .
based on the previous reviews it appears that they either work or they don t .
i did some googling and came across some instructions online and have been trying them .
the num_extend comes setup to get an ip address by dhcp .
the problem i had was with the flavor .
don t waste your money on any of these kind of products .  .  .  . and this was super bulky and inconvenient to carry .
it takes a very long time to charge .
these are not thick enough to stay on and not sticky enough to stay on .
most of the time it wouldnt stay plus it stopped working days afterwards so i bought another one .
i ordered it through fancier which was being fulfilled by amazon .
about to try out a kitchenaid burr grinder .
does not hold up well to large cup setting .
i wanted this item for powering my raspberry pi .
the sights are real cheap ,  made of plastic with plastic screw adjustment .
this is made in china so it s very crap !  !  !  do not waste money !  !  !  .
i like the idea of this product ,  but this model doesn t execute it well .
i had one before and it was stronger ,  this one is like a old piece of celery .
i purchased this for my droid and the product may as well have been hollow plastic .
at first i thought it was batteries in the remote ,  so i replaced those a few times .
i have a cuisinart num_num cup prep pro but i mostly only use it for shredding and slicing .
if you cook a lot and use your spices often don t waste your time or money with this !  .
i have much better luck with other types of popcorn .
in fact ,  it s quite cheap looking and feeling .
the battery only cost a couple of dollars .
after num_num weeks ,  i finally get the replacement .
i wanted to like this case ,  i really did .
cant keep it stable to sharpen evenly also needs to be num_num inches longer to be more effective .
i returned it to amazon and kept on searching .
i bought two of these as christmas stocking stuffers for my kids ,  ages num_num and num_extend
they taste just fine ,  they re just broken and crumbly .
alas ,  i returned the cradle for a full refund .
another is so thin that it looks more like silver than diamonds at a glance .
like most of the other folks i too got the stuff half broken .
but bit way too tight for me !  i m petite and bought small .
i paid $  gasp !  had no idea other stores sell it for $
it has a not unpleasant taste to it but it does not taste like a strawberry milkshake .
moral of the story ,  for $ bucks a piece ,  buy something that is going to last instead of this .
i am adding another lcd tv and needed to be able to change my cable box .
it will suit my purpose and wasnt too spendy so i wont be returning however cannot recommend .
i have been trying to find something to mix in with my cat s food .
they are a lot thinner than i would have expected .
for me ,  i already have two kindle fire units and i wanted a simple smart phone .
i cannot believe these headphones have gotten so many num_num star ratings . i cannot get over the humming noise .
this is just an fyi for people who are looking to protect their investment .
i think i will go back to the stronger instant coffee from tasters choice or better yet ,  bustelo .
typical waiting room quality coffeegreat for the breakroom at work ,  but i would not chose to drink this .
i used it once and then it didn t work .
i have num_extend num_extend num_extend num_extend ram and geforce fx .
but it is cheap and you get num_num so depends on what is important to you .
i am not new to digital camera so looks like i am not doing anything wrong .
have to recharge phone num_num or num_num times a day .
when i speak into this headset ,  there is no audio feedback to the earpiece .
my mom bought this for me ,  and it rarely got used .
however ,  they also do not toast regular slices of toast very much .
i will be replacing this with something that has metal egg cups .
the good :  it s a micro usb cablethe bad :  it s not what s pictured .
i would not make the mistake of buying this product again .
also the price wasn t bad and it arrived quickly too .
i m a huge fan of oxo ,  and own lots of their utensils ,  but these are terrible .
it wasn t even worth returning for the money i spent on it .
an expensive product for the limited time i ve used it .
i tried this after reading all the rave reviews .
even after reading a few negative reviews ,  i ordered this anyway ,  likely based on the name brand .
it does not color my hair the color i expect .
the cuisinart fit the bill . unfortunately ,  this coffee maker makes barely lukewarm coffee .
i would not recommend this headset to anyone .
i mean we are talking serious dry . this product is touted as quality and american .
very flimsy and don t expect it to hold up well .
it won t charge the battery on my ipod touch and the sound is terrible . good thing it was cheap .
i see that some people rave about it ,  so perhaps my experience was a fluke .
received the item with no problem ,  however the screen protectors suck .
i had no idea how small this was going to be .
i intended to use it to grind spices .
you may think no big deal ,  well it was to me .
i was very disappointed in this product ,  neither my daughter or myself found it to make any appreciable difference .
i d tried it before ,  and it was fine .
all in all this is a pretty cheap device .
they were also smaller than most personal size gf crusts i ve tried .
the portions are really small for the price .
also ,  my eyes have become very sensitive ,  and painful since using it .
a little product does not go a long way .
the stencils are flimsy and hard to figure out .
nope nada ,  it taste ok but there is no revv in this cup o java at all .
in fact ,  it s way too loud on our end .
poor guy ! anyway ,  it arrived within a week with free super saving shipping .
it s not awful ,  but i have drug store products that perform better .
its been on its way forever !  did not realize that it would take this long !  .
sadly this was my second attempt to get the identical one .
to charge modern phones  for example ,  i have the note num_extend you need much higher output .
but by all means make yogurt no matter what your preferences of tools be .
i know its used in some flavorings ,  but probibly not at this strenght .
in the future ,  i ll buy another popper of better quality .
it was very cheap ,  the white piece did not onto the pink piece .
this is my second one ,  thinking the first one was broken .
cheap construction ,  but i was expecting that for the price .
if i use anything else on it ,  like gloss ,  it easily comes off .
i really had a hard time rating this product ,  being that i was allergic to it .
sometimes they charge my stuff ,  sometimes they don t .
fortunately ,  amazon agreed to give me a complete refund .
the soap is a bit too soapy ,  taking too long to rinse off .
if i could give this product a lower rating than one star i definitely would .
i used to talk num_num hours on my previous bberry and it could go days on standby .
so i can only agree with the other reviews who think this product doesn t do squat .
since i ordered a whole case ,  i m hoping some of the other bags will taste better .
nothing offensive about either the scent or feel of this product .
also ,  the sound gets distorted if you have the volume all the way up .
it s not really too expensive ,  but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it .
i was excited about this charger because it had two usb ports .
as a result ,  the color would rub off in spot and look blotchy .
if i thouhgt i could return it for a full refund i would .
really ?  i have to bust out my rusty can opener for this ?  come on .
you must supply your own charger which thenplugs into the back of the device .
phone case looks ok ,  but the sides over lap the phone .
the second problem with it is the colors do not light up .
lagging is a huge issue in this game because it happens often and slow gameplay .
didnt use it long before i had to jiggle it to make it work .
this one doesn t hold any better a charge as the old battery .
i did not expect i would be writting this review for this product .
i called the company and after several requests for a replacement ,  they said they will send one .
overall i would try a different snack product over this one .
it is lightweight  not in a good way  and looks cheap .
sometimes when you put your usb cord in the phone does not charge .
it would taste much better and probably cost the same or less .
i thought i was buying a  small  bag ,  but it turned out to be an average bag .
this is the second allen product that i ve ordered and i won t be ordering any more .
there will never be a rival product in my home again .
this product was way too big for me .
i do not fit well in my iphone num_extend
my daughter was looking foward to getting one of these ,  but she was disapointed when she got it .
yes ,  it s more than twice the volume of the product it holds and that is deceptive .
well just pray when you turn this dial ,  it doesn t pour out too much into your recipe .
you ll end up with basically the same thing for a lot less .
i wish i hadn t purchased this phone under contract because i m stuck with it for another few months .
it may be useful for people with dogs , but i do not advisebuying it for cats !  .
do not purchase this item !  !  i was hesitant to initially purchase because it s price was pretty high .
that s about all i can say really ,  it s just not that good .
i plan on soaking off the seasoning and using them in a chicken recipe .
it will not look or feel the same .
i couldn t believe how cleap it looked when i opened the box .
i think i would have rather paid a little more money for something better than this .
i leave it in overnight . it s been a month now of me using this; it didnt do much .
unfortunately ,  because it s so dark ,  there s few options available in terms of color correction .
if you re purely using the headphones or a bluetooth device this may be less of an issue for you .
personally ,  i would purchase the metal one with the more friendly accoutrements .
the problem is that the fan blower alone is somewhat noisy on anything but the lowest setting .
this is the second one that has broken .
the actual dimensions are num_extend x num_extend x num_extend
for the relative few times i ve used this product it has performed poorly .
as a result ,  i paid for num_num boxes of this product but rec d only num_num i could use .
located propery ,  it will hold your phone just fine ,  but it s nothing to rave over .
num_num on customer service . this is why the review is num_num star .
while this router has a nice form factor  very small  and fairly easy installation ,  the wireless link is terrible .
i wouldn t pay more than what i did for it $ at christmas  .
these pills are so large ,  that i literally could not swallow them .
made in usa ,  not paris as it says ,  unfortunately .
no improvement noticed so far since using this product .
the case is too slack for the phone as well ,  making it so a good fit is impossible .
be careful if you decide to use this .
i read the instructions and went online to double check to see if i was using it properly .
the other only lasted a month or so longer .
the size was num_num ww and it was like a medium .
i have purchased these before and never had a problem .
voice is muffled and distorted on this phone .
he is small for size .  .  . only a bit larger than beanie baby size and it is poorly made .
instead there is a hole with a raised ring on both sides of the blade .
seemed like the ones i saw came from people who wrote only one review total .
as soon as i opened the package i noticed it did not look quite right .
natural shea is supposed to be ivory in color .
next time i ll do a better job of looking at what i buy .
like other reviewers ,  i am experienced in installing screen protectors on num_num iphones and an ipad .
in reality ,  it has num_num settings; num_extend num_num and a little  dot  .
it looks cheap ,  poorly made with cheap materials .
i ve read other reviews regarding this particular slow cooker .
the constant noise it makes ,  however ,  is why i rated this num_num stars .
when i took it to an authorized repair dealer ,  i was told it had bad brushes  whatever that is  .
so ,  i don t want to dissuade people from using it if they think it might help them .
don t waste your time or money !  !  !  !  my num_num year old recieved this for christmas .
they are smaller ,  much too short ,  and a flimsier material .
what a shame ,  because the sound actually not bad for such a small num_extend sound system .
i can press the button lever ,  and turn the crank ,  and the wheel mostly slips against the cord .
my advice ,  buy this product at your local sporting goods store so if this happens ,  you can return it .
the packaging was fine so i doubt they were damaged when shipped .
the pointed end of this knife is not serrated .
what started all this is i ordered this for christmas for my daughter .
it worked okay as a contour for about num_num weeks .
for the price paid ,  i expected to get more than num_num or num_num months of use out of this .
i have been using the battery for less than a years now .
you can t see a thing ,  and it get s dirty very easily .
i would not buy this again ,  but ,  there may be some people that might benefit from it .
my buddy bought this model and had no issues ,  so i imagine it is a defect .
i could not feel much air movement num_num inches from the front on the fan blowing in .
these cords would sync to the computer but failed at charging my device .
the num_extend will work if you buy the num_extend version num_extend
i received this bumper and it looked as though one side was gouged out and other sides looked ragged .
i think amazon wasn t selling it prime or something ,  i forget why .
its sort of chunky but not gritty at all .
i don t understand why this product is so expensive .
it is sad ,  because i wanted to buy her normal brand but amazon was out of stock .
also ,  there are a lot more vegan options available now so don t waste your money buy buying bulk .
even though it looks just like the original ,  it charges super slowly .
now am returning because these are too large .
the hose is sooooo flimsy !  my kid s toy vac has a better one .
thank goodness i got this on sale dirt cheap because it s not even worth the $ i paid .
if it were an inch smaller it would work .
i went to walmart and purchased a different thermometer for less money than i spent on this one .
the outer cover is pretty but crinkly ,  not soft or silky .
i m just going to keep looking for another one .
fortunately the company was willing to give me a refund when i sent them back .
thanks to amazon s return policy ,  i returned this item .
too small like lady s size ,  but it s very heavy compared to my seiko .
also ,  a typical pair of headphones with a stereo plug will not fit the radio s earphone jack .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
who doesn t keep a case on their iphone ?  .
the only reason i bought this is for more capacity  ,  with it being a num_num cup model .
when this thing s battery died ,  i took it apart to figure out what went wrong .
this was supposed to be for my num_num lb dog ,  i don t remember seeing how heavy this is .
i can t explain if for you; i just don t like it .
i have been using this for five months now and i could see no difference at all .
for the $ or so bucks you will normally pay for this ,  you can do much better .
this product is more of a crumbly cookie .
and now i m seeing that the charger doesn t stay in the phone very well .
i was super excited to get this toy for my son  we opened the box about num_num minutes ago  .
i m shocked by the difference in quality and i am upset about having wasted money on this crate .
when i contacted their customer service department and explained my problem ,  the full purchase price was promptly refunded .
once i switched my default sound device to the bluetooth speakers ,  they immediately began to output sound .
all the other reviewers were so enthusiastic about this bowl ,  i figured i would be ,  too .
these don t really taste like teriyaki ,  and they re a bit .
however ,  the strange angle of the earpiece to the body make it nearly impossible to get a comfortable fit .
i tried upgrading the firmware to the latest version ,  but keep getting an error .
the num_num plastic wire pieces on either side which holds the phone in place does so with friction .
i wish i didn t purchase this yucky item .
these are very small sizes ,  probably worth thre money ,  but they weren t very moisturizing .
i found the batteries would quickly drain even when left on the charger .
i paid for what i got .  . it wasn t a for me gift ,  it was a gift wanted from a child .
i purchased num_num of these and have been replacing them with another brand as my funds allow it .
however ,  there is a foam cushion that is sewn between the two layers of leather .
it s been about num_num months and wanted to update my review .
these are not the same as the ones i get in the store .
num_num is not worth   .  .  .   i paid for it   .  .  .   a year and a half later .
the device won t charge and is not num_extend
so i ve only had this thing for num_num months .
too expensive for what you get as a product .
it was dented and scuffed and did not look new .
this blender has poor circulation in use and has difficulty blending anywhere near a full carafe of smoothies .
so ,  i opted for this unit as a relatively cheap way to improve radio reception .
even if you happen to get one that actually works ,  the quality of the audio is awful anyway .
i thought i was getting full size containers .
the only good thing about this food is that beef is the first ingredient .
not even close !  these are very cheaply made .
alright i am changing my rating to num_num star .
then when it finally came it was broken and there was rhinestones in the packaging .
guess the price of the vacuum was too cheap .
gave it a num_num star review ,  not because it s bad necessarily ,  just not necessary .
but for something as expensive as this ,  i expected better quality .
its extrememly frustrating because its already falling and apart and barely charges my phone .
but i noticed that pictures taken using the built in iphone flash were washed out .
the suction cup doesn t hold very well and i haven t been able to successfully use this .
now as to how good it is i have no clue as i cannot sinc it with my phone .
this is one of those machines . this vacuum cleaner is our number num_num repair customer .
i had an older model of this and thought perhaps it had been improved .
for those wanting the obscene amounts of airflow i suggest a larger fan that spins slower .
after using it for a few weeks ,  i have to say that it is not that great .
i am normally a size num_num or num_extend
my original headset stopped playing one channel at num_num months and i got a replacement under warranty .
maybe this machine is defective ?  also ,  my old waffles were soft on the inside and crisy on the outside .
i guess smell is particular to each person .
the mini usb part that goes into my phone became loose to where i could wiggle it .
the headphones are very uncomfortable ,  much tighter on the ears than similar designs that i ve owned .
i am disappointed to have to give this product an unfavorable review .
i bought this to replace my oem for my canon num_extend but it did not fit right .
the blades are meant for hard foods . tried to slice a fresh onion with it ,  nightmare city .
had this same knife when i was a kid .
when i first called panasonic on this issue ,  they sent me a free replacement .
i packed it up and sent it back to amazon .
they should last for decades and not begin decaying after the first use .
this all rubber case is a waste of money ,  but better than nothing .
this is a big container containing num_num tablets .
it seems that every time i buy a new phone ,  i need a new  and different  car charger .
i emailed amazon . com and wanted to role the dice and give it a num_extend try .
in looking at the tag ,  it states that this item is made in china .
i am glad i didn t pay more for it .
it s like a pepperoni skin on the outside ,  but like dried fish pulp on the inside .
i had the earpiece properly inserted into my ear ,  sounds horrible .
when it is stale jbm coffee tastes stale .
my fault ,  but it was not too expensive ,  so i feel ok about giving it a try .
i did test the audio and there was no trouble on reception .
the sound is not good ,  sometimes it doesnt work .
i had my wife get thermacare ,  because i foolishly thought the name brand would work the best .
i was basically shocked that i could still purchase them without paying too much .
i really wanted to like this product ,  i even wanted to purchase some for my family members .
the microphone on the headset is overly sensitive .
also ,  tried plugging the usb cable into both ports on this adapter .
again it is not secure enough to hold much more than its very own weight .
the smell is not horrible like some people claim .
it looks the same ,  but i am concerned that it may not be the same as the oem battery .
i purchased a % glycolic peel and wanted to use this neutralizer to help after the peel .
i would not buy aother one of these .
but ,  just because i don t like it doesn t mean it isn t any good .
there are better cases in the same price range .
after bedtime ,  i put s mores together with no problems .
i don t know why this particular product fell short of their usual standard .
i paid $ for the set of two .
thought i was buying new bones ?  also ,  i feel the price is a bit high .
mine stopped working after having it just a little over a month .
i bought these because i was told that rubbermaid changed the plastic and that problem had been solved .
you really can get a better kerastase product for this money .
i used the car charger for my phone and immediately noticed that the phone started malfunctioning .
never been so disappointed in a seidio product .
this case makes your expensive iphone look like a cheap .
don t get me wrong as a handheld as long as your not close to any rfi source  , it s ok .
i won t deny that this toy is cute ,  but it plays unnecessary music .
the thing is bulky ,  though maybe that can t be avoided .
many cables will not work with certain stereos and docking stations .
i repeatly removed and then inserted the batteries in the charger and only one charged .
then again ,  it would be higher quality and cost less .
it made like a toy and does not sound loud .
i stopped using it and never even notied i wasn t using it anymore .
sometimes it is more than a minute after it boils that it decides to turn off .
i thought comfortable around eye area would be good but actually really cheap foam .
it was ok ,  just very heavy even if you used less .
it s either a product that people love or not care for at all .
it s hard to latch and doesn t stay in position well .
too bad i didn t read the reviews before i bought it .
and ,  truth be told ,  it should look better .
i have been through many otterbox s for my own phone and this is not from the same company .
cable almost broke my usb connection and did not work .
too bad the battery doesn t last that long .
considering how much the original one costs ,  i went the cheaper route; and it bit me right back .
i think it s mostly over the very loud noises it makes while moving .
i had hoped that polar meant it would be good in freezing weather .
tho  the taste was not altogether unpleasant my tongue and my throat were burned .
don t make it your primary usb data cable .
for the price they are charging ,  it doesn t seem worth it anymore .
it has been four months now ,  and i have only had this machine for use for three weeks .
however ,  the denim is quite thin ,  which isn t necessarily a bad thing for comfort but may be for durability .
you sometimes just get a bad batch ,  but it takes practice .
the headset is too rigid ,  it does not conform well to the head .
the earbuds broke after a week so i do not recommend .
i decide to put this product on my phone ,  several problems .
unless you are cutting the sturdiest bread out there ,  you ll crush it while trying to slice with this blade .
maybe it works on phones but i specifically looked for a bluetooth that would serve my needs with r . s .
i figured for $ i couldn t go wrong .
when you try and clean it; and it looks awful .
that was few years ago ,  when i gave it to her .
i ordered a size up from what i normally wear and it was still too small .
to wash this properly ,  you have to pull the handles off every time and wash them separately .
either i got a dud or the product is poorly designed .
i paid num_num times the amount in shipping as i did for the product .
too bad i never got this one that i bought .
so these plastic parts don t seem to hold up to their initial ,  brand new use .
but that s not all you get out of the num_extend
it s ok i use it on the bottom of my calphalon pans ,  pots .
then i saw them at my local grocery store for a buck apiece .
ok at $ to $ not a penny more .
the pics and description don t show just how insanely large this is .
the only good thing was that it was cheap .
i ll keep the cable but need a num_extend charger .
we decided to try again ,  and had the same results .
sure the screen size is large ,  but details are very difficult to read .
i may try one more time just in case i got a defective one .
i did not find the taste to be very appealing .
the color was a slightly cloudy dark hot pink; num_extend
for myself ,  these might work ?  only because my car is very small and barely weighs num_extend
the battery also barely last long enough to num_num minutes of blowing .
after about num_num months of regular use ,  it has done nothing .
other than its portability ,  i find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price .
i got two units for my company to see if we should order num_num more .
i think it worked ok as a decongestant ,  but i don t plan to buy this anytime in the future .
num_extend megapixels for under  price  !  sound too good to be true ?  it is .
if it cost $ i still wouldn t buy it .
i have two dogs so have two sets of this item and have had to replace the bowls twice .
somehow this new stiffer plastic is cheaper to make just does not make a good product .
don t get stuck with another $ kitchen timer like i did .
they briefly played with it and it did not live up to the reviews i read .
it also stops working when it gets hot .
i was trying to figure out which size i should be wearing .
i would put some more $ in a better case .
i bought this phone as a replacement phone for a friend who couldn t afford to replace his damaged one .
car adapter won t charge my iphone num_extend more than % and it makes my phone overheat and shutdown .
i would have returned this if the cost of shipping wasn t more than the thing is worth .
did not work for me since i wanted one with moist heat .  .  .  . not just hot .
i didn t buy it on amazon ,  i bought it somewhere  cheaper  .
they are super cheap looking and the frames are almost see through .
they stay flat on pan and nothing leaks out from underneath ,  if pan is hot num_extend
i ve had warm mist humidifiers before and they get algae but not in num_num hours .
looked good enough when package arrived however ,  the durability was nonexistent .
put in a bigger battery or accept a shorter time between charges .
it basically tastes like bubbly fruit punch ,  not exactly strawberry kiwi .
i am a small person ,  but these were too small even for me .
i ve owned many white cutting boards and have never had this problem before .
yes ,  they work which is why they got a num_extend star ,  but they re awful .
i plugged the ac adapter into the power strip ,  then tried to plug my phone into the cord .
amazon sucker me by selling this in a combination  ,  i didnt see it had very bad reviews .
it does not grasp the can properly thus creating and even cutting surface on the can .
i have never written a review of a product on amazon .
only way i ll buy this again is if i can t get bragg .
my phone slipped right out of it when i picked it up .
i replaced the unit and had the same results .
be careful with this product if you re going to be using it in a normal fashion .
i was hoping i could see if the newer version was better in sound quality .
this cleanser wasn t bad ,  but it wasn t great ,  either .
what i had was either hard boiled eggs or raw whites ,  nothing in between .
i don t think it will last more than two months .
when they finally arrived ,  i could not believe how huge ,  heavy and clunky they were .
in my opinion it is not worth the good deal .
i wish i had read the reviews before purchasing these hooks .
they are a little heavy and awkward to use in doing things .
unfortunately this adapter just does not work well with all devices .
it s a tiny little pot ,  and with generous application probably won t last more than num_num months for some users .
it isn t  .  .  . the case really is that color .
i read all the instructions and it s not rocket science .
it was very hard to fit the plastic over the rubber .
feel like i wasted a lot of money buying it .
i have used my blender about num_num times to make smoothies .
i thought its just needs some getting used to .
there are some products without it ,  or at least with less of it .
opening the spout to pour is a little difficult .
it didn t have a great flavor and she thought the texture was a bit oily .
the problem persists whether using a basic phone or even any number of the most advanced smartphones .
it is mainly large thick noodles with a few peas and pieces of carrot .
wish i could return it s just sitting in a drawer .
thank god there is not very much of them ,  and i can easily spooned them out .
previously ,  i was vacuuming all the time ,  spraying the carpets ,  upholstery and floor boards .
i didn t like it and wouldn t recommend it .
i will be trying something else in the future .
i purchased this product from another site ,  but it s the exact same product .
it s a sleek looking case but not protecting .
i guess we have small apples where i am from ,  because this corer and divider were huge in comparison .
i am bummed it s broken ,  but it was so cheap that it is not worth me returning it .
very disappointed !  !  !  ! original review :  i charged this when i first got it num_extend months ago .
i had some trouble pairing it with my phone ,  but it did eventually do that .
the handle is made of weak plastic crap .
especially considering the price ,  i think it s highly overrated .
i expect them to be better made than having rust after a few use .
i tried to make the screen protector lay down ,  but it was glued onto the case wrong .
and it s a pain to keep changing batteries .
now i will have to order another one from somewhere else and go through the process again .
i had to give it a star but it didn t deserve one .
these earphone hurt the inside of my ear .
the reviews looked ok ,  so i took a shot .
put the bulb in a flashlight to make sure the bulb was okay .
i switched to a less toxic brand that doesnt have all the harsh chemicals in it .
i have sent them back to amazon for a refund .
i bought this thinking it would be like my boomerang pillow from sleep number .
the belt is too thick to fit through the belt loop without annoyingly jamming it and pulling it through .
the oils in it leave a slight film on your face .
i brought it in to the house and unpacked it and put it on the floor for the dogs .
they were fairly expensive ,  and when baking cookies ,  the same dough cooked on parchment paper had much better results .
i frankly am surprised that it s this bad given how many reviews are overly positive .
your stereo won t be any louder with than without it .
at least i didn t lose out on a bunch of money .
i had something similar happen to me with some iphone charging cables .
i got this on sale ,  and would feel cheated if i only paid $ for it .
glass slides around within enclosure and appears to have defects on edges of glass .
i guess it doesn t really fit my ear .
it is awkward to hold and takes a lot of room in the refrigerator .
flavor only lasts a couple of minutes; much less than the other flavors .
i was expecting this to be a good product and was disappointed .
bought this after upgrading from the num_extend to the num_extend and needed a num_extend car charger .
the rest fo the tiem it was in a drawer !  .
i was notified today that my refund has taken place ,  thanks amazon .
is much too light weight so will not stay in one place on table .
it has num_num small ,  num_num medium ,  num_num large .
i already have nice headphones so this buy was rather pointless .
the one i got with my phone lasted longer than this rip off one did !  .
the chemical in this product is called num_extend and this chemical is not in the original skin so soft .
the two quart cooker still seemed a bit large for use as a gravy warmer .
i wiped it off with a wet towel .
on this phone ,  difficult to make a call ,  lots of steps required .
if you have an iphone  any generation  ,  this will not be an issue .
taste is ok ,  it s the texture that makes this inedible to me .
i don t plan on purchasing this item again .
this one was for my purse ,  and if it was good ,  i was going to buy more .
i find it one of my most troublesome pans to clean .
and it doesn t meet the edge of my case ,  so there s a small silver of screen unprotected .
i didn t ,  and it was way smaller than i expected .
if i loose the pearl on this one i will be contacting the supplier for replacement .
even when they do last ,  they don t last as long as other products .
although it appears to be all juice  not artificial flavors  it tastes somewhat artificial .
this one is cheap quality and not worth your money .
the bag is very small and also made of cheap plastic .
but i was hoping for a bit more quality than what i got .
if anything ,  it does the same as the wire that came with the system .
the oven is only num_num inches wide ,  not num_num inches wide .
difficult to put on properly and offers little support .
i purchased this visor to replace one i thought i had lost .
but if you drink your coffee with little cream or sugar ,  get a higher quality coffee .
the phone is slow and there are not many apps that can be used on this outdated phone .
gotta say i was really interested in this device .
it s not entirely nasty ,  but it s not very appealing either .
the one in my car lasted two uses .
it really only works sometimes on some cans and usually take several revolutions just like most electric can openers .
i followed the instructions to the dot and it never killed a thing .
this case is not bad ,  it just not that great .
i purchased this for a candy bowl ,  but it broke immediately .
i thought the color was ok but i wouldn t buy again .
when i prdered it num_extend time all was ok .
i returned it to costco after a few weeks of using it .
this time the pan was not very hot .
i guess the glue i used is partly to blame ,  too .
i didn t know it was actually working when i first put it together .
the sizing as far as the length was fine ,  but the top was way too tight on my foot .
when i turn the water on ,  the nozzle starts spraying water ,  without me touching it or pushing the handle .
second ,  the eargels didn t really secure the earphone into my ear canal .
i needed the extra cable but this one was not what i expected .
since the dock does not seem to be for iphone more for like an ipod touch .
i own about num_num pair of reading glasses .
it also seems to weigh about the same as the ipod itself .
that s when i got a secound model and that one after a year dvd stopped working as well .
i also had a coupon for ulta for $ off a $ purchase .
these are supposed to be a thin cookie that has real fruit and whole grains in it .
the pump only holds a small amount of pressure .
i have had casemate covers on my phone for last num_num cell phones .
after having these as long as i have ,  i got num_num pairs expecting something more .
this is just a skinny ball point pen and a standard rubber stylus on the other end .
mega bass is  just ok  but could be better .
either that or it was made in china .
in my opinion this product is not a practical network device .
the only good thing about this is that it s waterproof .
after applying the protector i was shocked to find out how easy it was to scratch this screen protector .
so i don t really want to mess up my phones charging port so i don t really use it .
i don t know what i was thinking buying this piece of junk .
i tried every possible way to make it fit but the case would not clip .
i gave the antenna a num_num because it somewhat works ,  so it s not a complete dud .
it doesn t appear like it will last long with daily use .
but the plastic part looks used and abused .
unfortunately ,  all it seems capable of turning out is yogurt for use in smoothies .
buy a shoe size up ,  i m a num_extend and the num_num size was way small .
i lost this item in my divorce ,  so i ordered the same new one .
however this new one was broken as well and fell apart within seconds .
this coffee used to be similar to dunkin donuts .
i used it with no problems and no noise for at least num_num years .
charging multiple devices is one of those things that is just not very elegant .
i was looking for a better quality of stainless steel .
unfortunately ,  i was expecting the same quality as other products that i have purchased from them .
don t have an iphone so don t know how they work for that .
i washed it a few times and it was ruined .
nothing worked ,  so i sent it to them ,  they sent me a new one back .
sound was ok but not spectacular enough to not forget about the cord .
you get what you pay for with this phone case .
as other people have said ,  the headphones are a bit too heavy on the ears .
since i more often will make lungos ,  the sheer lack of coffee volume produces a weaker drink .
at first ,  they were pretty good ,  but it you wear them too long ,  they hurt your ears .
sometimes it would just not work and it slowly but surly started detaching from the usb end .
i like the offset blades but that is about the only thing i like about it .
i usually wear a num_num and i ordered a size num_extend
these came in the mail and they were much smaller than i expected .
when purchasing this ,  i was not in my right mind .
i used this product for a long time in my teenage years .
this used to be one of my favorite brands .
something i haven t seen mentioned is what makes it cheap ,  and that is the material of the mat .
the amount of air that the fan circulates is also reduced considerable .
i really wanted to like this product ,  though i did read some negative reviews from amazon .
they are so small i almost don t see that i am wearing them .
when i plug the headphones straight into the computer the volume issue was gone . do not buy this .
my wife doesn t like this very much at all .
there are small bits of plastic on the edges which will lay on the screen .
also as soon as it arrived i ran water through it to test brew temp .
by the way ,  i had bought it to use for heating water to the correct temp .
don t waste your money on this product like i did .
i placed my order for an ipod mini here on amazon on march num_extend
i first bought a women s num_num in these and they were comfortable ,  but just a bit too short .
i have seen and heard of knives where the pocket clip cannot be moved ,  only removed .
the sound quality was cheap ,  like children s earbuds .
i was sent something entirely different from what i ordered .
wall charger did not work so the seller gave me a full refund .
even if i set the earspeaker to the lowest volume .
cool looking toy but very overpriced and somewhat cheaply made .
went to local drug store where i could smell the stuff ,  and it was cheaper !  .
i have had it for a while but barely used it .
i m not anal about the finish looking dark after you ve cooked in it .
one is that the lid in not an air tight seal .
push ,  pull ,  shove ,  no matter what you do it is very difficult to extricate your phone from this case .
i still use them but only one earbud .
i have used them once or twice only .
this bag is smaller than one of the bags i was replacing .
it was also incredibly expensive for what it was .
i am going to try the num_extend stuff see if more does better .
i buy the large st  of them all in hopes they will last longer ,  but to no avail .
for now ,  i m going to keep this thing until dies .
the yellow end muffled some sound and did allow me to hear range commands .
excellent noise reduction . tight fit ,  get loose with time  or on a book overnight less than mediocre sound quality .
if you are a technical person ,  then perhaps you can figure out for yourself how to install this thing .
anyway ,  this popper did not end my search for a quality popcorn popper .
so i replaced the battery and charged it in my phone .
they have not been dropped or damaged in any way .
when closed ,  the fit is too tight and feels too restrictive .
no real strong flavor here and hardly sweet at all .
i ordered my normal size ,  only to find out that i could barely even get the bottom clip closed .
as for recommending or not recommending this product .
i bought one of these and it was defective .
the seeds are small and not as salty as i would prefer .
the charger doesn t work at all ,  i tried the adapter alone with another cord but it did not work .
color faded and turned brown instead of black .
i really wanted to get this for my son for xmas .
a bit chewy and too sweet with the sugar crystallizing on top makes it less appetizing .
it feels like i have two right slippers but even then ,  they don t feel like a good fit .
i am charging num_num devices concurrently as i type ,  and have all ports loaded .
i thought these would be better than the $ anco ones but they aren t .
i used the cleaning feature over and over thinking that might be the problem ,  but no .
i ve never had a more difficult time getting a screen protector on dust free .
unfortunately ,  this charger has lasted a few months only .
i don t bother to charge them on the stand ,  i rotate batteries between a charger and the headphones .
i gave it num_num stars since it did seem to lessen the kp s redness .
battery worked fine for first couple months and then by num_extend month it was holding less of a charge .
i d been using a set of sennheiser num_extend earphones that are a fraction of the price of the sony s .
i would order again possibly but not until i shopped around more .
been giving it to other people and heard no complaint from anyone .
after several dishwasher cycles ,  it had warped slightly ,  and wouldn t sit flat on my countertop .
not sure if i will buy this again .
it just keeps dripping for awhile after you think it s done .
after a full dry i have to restart phone . phone gets too hot while talkibg or charging or playing anything .
sorry ,  but i was not a big fan of this flavored coffee .
much thinner than other sets i have purchased .
i drank num_num boxes worth of this tea ,  that s how much i gave i wanted to like this tea .
well come to find out the person i bought it from sent me a old one .
all plastic but gave off a metal vibe .
i lost all my information and got the refurbished phone from verizon . cut to another few months later .
instead of traditional screws ,  it uses a plastic belt .
i would have preferred that the controls were on one of the headsets .
i wanted headphones to use with my guitar amp .
the sound is mediocre at best but the worst thing about this headphones is how uncomfortable they are .
i am returning this ,  and i am confident that amazon will refund me .
but in execution ,  this doesn t come close and i d recommend a pass on this product ,  especially the iphone num_extend
like say when its sitting on a shelf .
when it arrived it was alot darker than the picture but i decided to try it .
they are not bad tasting ,  but certainly didn t live up to expectations !  .
way to little i didn t think they would b that tiny .
i have one cup of coffee each morning and this seemed like the solution to waste .
after only num_num days ,  the metal clip suddenly broke in half .
anyway ,  before i purchased it i had read the bad reviews and decided to take a chance .
back it went ,  and i ll be looking for another brand .
i tried it with three different vehicles ,  and two different num_extend players .
however ,  i dont like that the lights are now flickering on and off and not fully charging my battery .
i used it to replace a squeaker in a dog toy .
i ll just go back to my regular coffee grinder .
i can t see it lasting num_num weeks as it claims to last .
not worth the $ i should have shelled out $ for the real one .
i think mine has lasted so long because not much is required of the motor .
i was expecting it to work with my phone ,  but had no luck .
sometimes it plays on battery num_num minutes ,  sometimes an hour .
though it is really cheap so its not really a big time loss so .
unfortunately the one that came ,  while identical in appearance ,  feels like a cheap imitation .
didn t find this to have any particular flavor yet does not taste like good coffee .
guess i know why people using then in the num_extend
the taste was okay ,  but not great ,  and no funny aftertaste of anything .
stainless steel is durable and doesn t interact with food ,  but conducts heat relatively poorly .
i took it in ,  and it was fixed for num_num months before breaking in the exact same way .
we even changed the battery it didn t work .
it does not hold as well as my medium hold spray .
and why do i need an old battery to replace my old one ?  save your money .
of dry food goes into the bowl at a time so this suited my needs .
my suggestion is to put the money towards a dedicated grinder .
with the normal strainer ,  you drain and flip over to clean with water stream .
but the design does not work for me .
not even worth the num_num bucks i spent on it .
this some how cuts off % of the noise .
i have been using the product for almost num_num months .
it was working without problems until december num_extend
i m just sorry i didn t use it right away so it could be returned in a timely fashion .
on amazon for two boxes of num_num and ordered them .
but when i ordered it on amazon ,  nope .
each worked for about num_num minutes  not quite the num_num advertised  .
i have never seriously cut myself until i started using these knives .
this worked for about a week before it stopped staying put when you pulled both ends out .
since i added the water after the mix ,  i never had problems with the cocoa powder dissolving .
so that main reason i wanted this red toaster was also void . too bad .
bought this forever ago ,  thought i already wrote a review for this ,  but maybe not .
for the price i expected much better quality ,  at least something that won t fall apart and get my eyes .
fortunately ,  i saw one in a store before i ordered one .
when it stopped working after several years i wanted to get another one .
if you hold it a little too tight on the wrong part it will pop open .
besides even if these were functional ,  i don t i would be happy with the sound .
ok ,  i am what you would call a valued amazon customer .
if you need a new battery this is not the battery you should buy .
but then again ,  apparently the sugar content is less ,  thus it is undoubtedly better for you .
can t really rate it really since it wasn t compatible .
the new one does not work the same at all .
for what i paid for this panasonic headset i just can t justify trying to send it back .
but when i read those reviews ,  i returned the set .
this is the first chuckit !  toy that i haven t rated num_num stars .
it s cheap plastic with a lot of play in it .
i been using this product for about a month ,  and i am still waiting to see the results .
i have a num_extend and i d break my phone if i shoved it in .
upon second use ,  when steam rises ,  rusty condensation drips onto food in fry pan .
today when i checked the item to purchase more ,  i discovered that the standard price was listed at $
the last few that i ve purchased here on amazon ,  though ,  have torn very quickly .
you cannot answer a call without touching the answer button on your phone .
the neck is huge and can be pulled down and off his body ,  while the length is too short .
well i have been using for a couple weeks and i got less than what i paid for .
not near as good as other similar products .
so you will normally fail to notice it is in there .
the outer skin is too reflective especially in bright sunlight .
it s not what i thought it was going to be .
i sent them back and asked a replacement .
this is the correct filter for my vacuum and yet ,  it did not fit .
i guess the blade and steel seem ok but thats where it num_extend
the handle feels like a piece of junk .
i ll just use the metal bowl and lid .
with all the good reviews ,  i really wasn t expecting to need to return this  .
not exactly what i expected from the picture .
i tried using it up to flavor gravy and other dishes .
my last hand mixer lasted num_num years and this one only one !  .
however it is much too small for my large dog .
maybe i am not using these like i have to .
no sound break up ,  clean as a whistle .
but yep ,  i order tons of items on amazon ,  love amazon ,  and mine arrived ,  does not work .
it may work for other uses but didn t work for mine .
good enough crunch ,  but when it came to taste .  .  . we found these lacking .
the blade has serrations on one side but the bottom of the blade is flat like a butter knife .
but i have only had it for six months and it quit working .
with my setup ,  i use grind level num_num  out of num_num i think  .
i don t own that specific model ,  but i got a nearly identical product from amazon from another maker .
these glasses are average at best ,  nothing like riedels higher end lines .
i didnt trust the handle and tested it when any weight was put in it the handle bent .
granted ,  i have small hands ,  but i don t think that was the issue .
it came on time but you get what you paid for .
guess what ?  it was made in the usa .
i really did want to like this kit .
the battery blew up on connecting to my apc ups .
the product works ,  just was not right for me .
i was slightly disappointed when i recieved it .
these are all trade names for a charging cradle that the cellphone or num_extend device sits in and charges .
i have applied many screen protectors ,  all with success ,  but not in this case .
since i didn t like the internet system too much it wasn t that big a deal for me .
i ll use them until they fall apart which probably won t be too many weeks .
note ,  this review is specifically for an otterbox case for a blackberry .
update :  they are now starting to get rust spots on them .
maybe the problem is mobile phone interference from the neighbors .
too thin material for this type of item .
as the saying goes ,  you get what you pay for .
this could then be transferred to other foods at subsequent cooking times .
it s rather weak and not as full flavored as other earl grey and lady grey teas i ve tasted .
it will usually not hold a curl unless heat is near scorching .
i really wanted to believe in this product .
low level plantronics bluetooth with very few features .
about three weeks later it stopped charging my phone a;; together .
having said that ,  i must admit i would not want to be without the foodsaver .
that s when i realized that this was not the same brand that i had previously purchased .
the battery cover is barely hanging on ,  will pop right off with a little pressure .
the nylon material is also very thin and almost translucent .
i am not heavy handed and have most of my appliances for years .
they didn t have my size so i bought them through amazon .
i have an iphone num_num with att ,  as the title suggests .
i m not too bummed about it since the price is so much lower than other smart phones .
i placed the unit back in the box and returned it the next day .
although the directions for preparing are rather simple ,  dealing with it was not easy .
the picture makes it look like it s made of a heavier material but it s not .
yeah it is a touch screen yeah it is a samsung and android but save your money people .
i can t say the same for this light weight item .
maybe it s because of the rubber being on the outside ,  but it looks stained .
it wasn t worth to send back because it was so cheap .
way too big ,  round and hard that made it very uncomfortable for me .
this is a spare set ,  for when i forget my other ones  i have num_num headphones  .
they used to have metal where this fragile plastic is today .
my boyfriend and i both tried this product .
i m not a gourmet coffee critic ,  but this stuff is disappointing .
i tried the cable that came with another charger .
anyway .  .  . i like the idea of this but it just didn t work for me .
the sound effects are average with nothing special about them .
the coffee was on the weak side for a bold blend ,  but had a burnt aftertaste .
may seem like a small nit ,  but things like this just annoy me .
it s hard to clean off !  now i m trying other brands .
the reason is that the printing on the device says num_extend presumably split between the num_num usb ports .
however ,  such packaging typically costs more than it should .
the filter was getting dirty so fast we had to change it very often ,  which makes maintenance expensive .
plus the descooper or whatever its called doesn t work so great if the handle has already been squeezed .
even at full power ,  the spray is not very strong .
this claims that its for an htc evo num_extend design phone ,  which is what i have .
i understand that this item was only $
if i could give this one star ,  i would .
and ,  as a cleanser i don t like it because it is difficult to rinse off .
should be made of a more  little tikes  type plastic .
had i bought this locally i would return it .
come on kong ,  you re supposed to have tough and durable products .
i m returning it and have gone to another retailer for a new unit .
i gave this to my num_num yr old niece and num_num year old nephew .
i guess that s what i get for free shipping ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  .
this is after washing and drying num_num times .
bought two and they were both too small .
if you turn the speaker up to hear better ,  it becomes distorted and crackles .
it is very thin and requires at least num_num coats .
at a cost of $ i expected a little more .
and in general it just doesn t taste like anything .
it is still drafty but better than nothing at all .
i used some olive oil on the griddle .
i am not saying it does not work just that i found no way to confirm that it does .
i d wait until they work out the bugs in it ,  though ,  before buying it myself .
if i d paid attention i d have seen the other reviews stating it doesn t fit right; and it doesn t .
i actually returned this product because it is way too big for simply adding to a monopod .
i wouldn t buy this type again ,  it s just too hard to deal with . aug .
from the opening size of the camera cutout ,  this case is more for a iphone num_extend
i also have one maxtor drive which is still running fine and one really old dead maxtor drive .
definitely not worth the $ they are charging .
these are hard plastic ,  not rubberized ,  just hard shiny plastic .
i expected to like this mix based on its reviews .
seemed to be ok unit when it worked . i took it out this year  sept num_extend and it didn t work .
while is wasn t horribly expensive ,  i expected to last a bit longer than this .
i wish i had seen this other review before purchasing .
of course ,  this is not the highest calorie per ounce food that i have encountered .
it was cheaper because it was not as well made .
this holster screams  accidental discharge  all over it .
i ordered and tried this coffeemaker under the false impression that it might be japanese made ,  not .
a new battery is supposed to last  up to  num_num days on stand by only .
it s too bad ,  because they appear to be so nice .
plus when i bought them they were more expensive than num_num cents .
even with the bigger size ,  it looks like underwear .
the first one lasted num_num years and i have no complaints .
it heats up within num_num seconds and has an automatic shutoff which turns off the iron after num_num minutes .
i m trying to be healthier but ,  this is a deterrent to my good intentions .
i m not sure about this ,  it s num_num calories so it is almost a meal replacement ,  not a snack bar .
i have removed it and changed my rating from three stars to one .
the chocolate part almost tastes like coffee grounds .
this item is cheaply made ,  is not going to last ,  is not quality and i regret making this purchase .
it would have been an ideal apron if it fit .
yes ,  i know the name is  hot pink  but it looks darker in the picture .
i had to go buy another one that same day .
it s harder to chew and doesn t taste quite the same as it used to .
ive tried it with several cell phones also and same results .
he does not add sweetener or creamer to his coffee mind you and i do .
i hardly ever use this as it is actually too heavy for me to handle .
i purchased num_extend one for my reg headlights and one for my fogs .
these ear plugs need to be evaluated compare to other under $ buds .
it just doesn t slice it for me and is quite uncomfortable .
my iphone num_extend starts to shutdown randomly ,  so i decided to order a replacement battery .
the text and color schemes wear on the eyes and become hard to read after a while .
i had ordered this product for my handheld cb ,  it arrived in the time specified in my initial order .
i think it worked the first time i tried it for about num_num seconds .
colors represented in picture are not truly comparative to what you actually get .
i am so disappointed ,  i just can t trust reviews anymore .
you can get one blade ,  but not two that are needed .
it s cheap ,  better than nothing but the unit isn t stable and just isn t great quality .
not a big deal . its smaller than i thought .
i picked the correct case for my phone type and it just doesn t fit .
so even though i got it on it still looked like crap because it was already all scratched .
its performance didn t help nearly as much as other brands on my lips .
so i went on amazon and bought this one since it was el cheapo .
i wrote the company , and they sent me a new one .
for the price i paid ,  i was disappointed .
this brand is pretty cheap and the handle is flimsy .
has no smell at all and a dog wont chew on something that doesn t smell good to them .
while this litter clumps well ,  i feel like i need a dust mask and goggles to clean it .
the price is awesome but the fit is very awkward .
but after reading the reviews i m leaning more towards the waffle maker itself .
if you don t believe me ,  just read the other reviews on this game .
it ends up still being too small lengthwise .
i m going to try the jensen behind the ear headphones this time and see if the foam lasts longer .
this requires me to use one of the  hot  buttons to turn it on .
the lids on these are not microwavable safe .
when this product did work it was shoddy at best .
so i wind up using num_num vacuums since this one can t get under things .
before trying this stuff ,  i was % satisfied with annie s products .
this is unwearable ,  and too bad because otherwise the fit was good .
of course ,  before the batteries actually die ,  the thing stops working properly .
it came apart the first time i used it .
i sized up to a num_extend hoping the width would suffice ,  but alas that was not the case .
it is small and the pockets are too small .
thought that they would have lasted longer than the month i have had them .
it takes me longer to dust the thing off when they want to use it .
i think it was the kona coffee that was the culprit .
maybe others will get better results ?  so i give it num_num out of num_num stars .
the smaller piece that covers the bottom half of my phone keeps on falling off .
i don t think it needs to be so tall .
i understand it s synthetic but the strands look like plastic .  . it s extremely too shiny to look real .
i ordered this thinking i was getting a note num_extend
i myself find it kind of awkward to do so .
yes its cheap ,  you get what you pay for .
first ,  it s entirely made of plastic and seems fairly fragile .
the reason i gave this item num_num stars is not because it doesn t work  for awhile  .
seriously ,  i can t understand why this case gets such good reviews .
in summary ,  they aren t much better than regular open headphones .
i received a bottle as a vine sample but i would not spend my own money to purchase one .
i figured i d just gotten a bad one and bought another .
i thought i would love this ,  but could not get passed the smell .
the gold is painted on ?  its not solid gold like it looks in the pictures .
it was too large and didn t stay on .
when i m home connect my bt speakers ,  in the car ,  connect my phone headset ,  at work ,  my keyboard .
image is grainy ,  regardless of settings ,  colors aren t right .
this product didn t really help me at all .
so ,  i d buy from them again ,  the product itself though wasn t worth it .
i was so excited to think of making cookies in less time .
it has num_num alarms ,  hourly chime ,  and other sounds if only you could hear it .
this boot was nice enough to look at but the sizes are not correct at all .
i ve been taken this for approximately a month .
to include it don t work with the device inside the case .
as soon as i recieve it in the mail ,  and opened the box ,  i realized this was a mistake .
maybe the battery was weak or wouldn t charge properly ,  but it certainly seemed ok .
i wish i had gotten the all plastic one .
i have no idea how this has so many good reviews .
i had a win xp usb pc with an ieee num_num compliant printer ,  but it did not work .
you would be better off getting a pricier one .
i usually avoid gadgets and dumb appliances ,  and this experience reminded me why .
out of the box the headset had a loose connection .
how dissapointing !  !  !  this toy is so cute but if you look at it wrong it falls apart .
i expect something this expensive  i paid well over num_num for it  to last for many years .
it is cumbersome when assembled ,  tippy ,  and doesn t work like it s supposed to .
and there is a num_num inch opening at the foot of the bag .
plastic material ,  the strap is not very num_extend
it costs so little because it plays like a ten year old garbage console .
on that matter ,  this stuff is pretty frustrating .
i used it daily for num_num years and never ,  ever had a problem with it .
this could be disastrous in a self defense situation where you need to bring it up quickly .
but i used to wearing name brand and the polarize on this glasses are different from ray band .
i ve bought this item before with no problems .
my bad i didnt see the knife size its tiny almost a toy if it wasnt razor sharpe .
i don t remember using it any harder than any of my other knives .
it reminds me of something decorative and not something that you can use practically .
cosmetically ,  the generic and oem cables look very similar ,  but the construction on this cable feels very cheap .
low noise rating and poor quality amplified audio .
too bad too ,  i was hoping i got a bargain .
i checked the reviews and a lot of the complaints had to do with not lasting .
the design makes it harder to clean then other indoor grills i have had .
again ,  yet another fault in what should by now be a mature product .
i would say order at least one size smaller ,  but i would not risk it anymore .
within an hour and a half this read the turkey was done .
hopefully it was only a bad one because i ve read so many good reviews of it .
this machine has everything you need in one ,  but what good is it it wont work after num_num years .
in the past two weeks ,  i ve gone through two of these .
for $ num_num of these is num_extend it is a piece of elastic .
not very good for you !  i though these were ok as i m trying to loose some weight .
the case i received was not the heavy duty case shown in the picture but a much cheeper case .
even after rinsing ,  it still stank up my kitchen .
i bought the motorola num_extend bluetooth headset a couple of months ago and i m very disappointed in this product .
i thought it cheap for the price ,  and it is just that .
i would guess them to be more like num_extend
this happens all the time because it doesn t keep a charge very long .
actually it isn t the product i thought it would be .
i read the instructions  which is only a few pages  and examined my motions carefully .
i am only getting a couple of hours extra battery life than the original battery .
anyway ,  i had to go buy a regular phone cable to put back on my modem .
i ordered two bottles that came in really cheap packaging with one dispenser .
doesn t heat up on high ,  you can barely feel any heat at all .
this was supposed to work with my phone ,  but it doesn t .
i thought i d  splurge  and spend the extra bucks to get a heavy duty machine .
but i own other cosmetics that are the same price that do not contain these harmful chemicals .
others i have tried include the plantronics num_extend as well as cheaper models from samsung and nokia .
i replaced the batteries in two remotes about a month ago and the batteries have died in both .
no big deal given the price i guess .
contrary to what other reviewers have said ,  the sound quality is definitely not cd quality .
the phone button ,  lets you answer your phone ,  is on the exposed end of the ear bud .
that is a far cry from the sony playstation num_num headphones which i use for online gaming .
i really wanted it to work ,  but the truth is that it did not work for me .
i ve tried the classic vinegar in a dish ,  wine in a dish and fly paper .
!  ?  ?  i have used it less than num_num months and here i am looking for another scooper .
i generally don t leave bad reviews ,  but this was just plain not worth the money .
they are not very comfortable and the sound quality is about what you should expect from $ headphones .
thankfully i bought it on amazon with a coupon but it is outrageously priced in retail stores .
i hope i m wrong about the foam quality as i want them to last at least a year .
it seems cheap and the material is very bad .
or buy one here for far less than this .
i originally wrote a positive review ,  because it seemed that i was getting it set up in working order .
i needed to return it before the num_num days was up and i am glad i did .
i would be wary about buying these earbuds .
instead i returned it without any problems to amazon for a refund .
i ve been using this mixer for about num_num months .
have to buy another set and it will not be this one .
too bad .  .  .  . the size was perfect ,  calories at num_num was doable ,  but i won t be purchasing this one .
it was an alright purchase ,  wouldn t recommend it though .
i like some of their other products ,  this one just isn t very good for me .
the taste is better than captain crunch because it is not soooooo sweet ,  however ,  this cereal gets really soggy .
the packaging seemed adequate to protect the goods ,  but not frustrating to num_extend
don t let it into your home . i came online looking for a replacement battery cover .
i average about num_num to num_num packages a day of various products bought from amazon .
i ll just keep my old stainless ones a while longer . these new ones are out in the garage .
i m currently using mychelle s sun shield spf num_num which is a bit better .
however ,  from that point on ,  i had some difficulties with the headset .
but it s really too bad their product isn t standing up to regular use .
maybe it works for others but it did nothing for me .
i sent it back and got another machine .
over time the soft case will stretch and become useless .  .  . in the beginning the case was great .
i was hoping to be able to charge a battery as well as the phone .
rip off and it broke the first day we purchased it !  .
the cups from non ear plug hearing protection will press against the wire frame that wraps around your ears .
i purchased this as a christmas gift so it was in no shape to give to someone .
others have commented on the difficulty of drying out the lid ,  the additional problem i encountered was cleaning it .
for me ,  these earbuds were no match for the bose quiet comfort headphones .
it s sturdier ,  made from better material ,  and sits flat without any problems .
however ,  there was a strong ,  overwhelming taste and odor .
i don t even know what i was thinking when i bought this .
they would have been relatively easy to cut and put on except they aren t premeasured to fit num_extend screens .
at least there s no poor taste or poor aftertaste .
this worked ok til it stopped working at about num_num months num_extend month out of warranty  .
i wasn t impressed and will not purchase these in the future .
use the pet version without alcohol on your pets so it doesn t burn them .
we have been using this brand for at least num_num months purchased locally .
this item worked but is not the best quality and i do not believe it is original .
i had high hopes for this product according to the rave reviews .
it might work for some people but it really hurts my eyes .
the only thing i liked about it was that it was fairly lightweight compared to other litters .
plus ,  it is one less unnecessary item to wash .
put in one of the replacements supplied and it fell out too .
they sent me another one immediately without my having to send the first one back .
the plastic housing radiates a lot of noise . i m looking for a different brand grinder now .
the motor still works ,  but the brushes no longer spin .
both did not work the company sent me a replacement one it also did not work .
i knew something was wrong when i picked up the box .
i have never had to use that much .
fits a little too tight ,  well a lot too tight actually .
i was not happy with the size of them .
i tried new batteries so that wasn t the problem .
i bought so many of them over the years i don t remember anymore how many went bad .
i may have not requested a refund had i only paid $ for this pathetic item .
this is an edit of my original review ,  which is below the line . i wonder if they changed this product .
the product is alright for what it costs ,  but i am really pissed by the packaging department .
i shipped item back and purchased a new battery through verizon store .
if you want bpa free ,  or you need to heat things inside  like melting butter  ,  use glass .
i feel a little better knowing i didn t waste too much money .
i seasoned it per instructions ,  fried bacon and other fatty foods ,  found meat ,  eggs stuck .
i can drink what i have ,  but i won t bother ordering it again .
also i thought that since it was a charging only cable it would charge faster .
i bought these headphones in late num_num and a few weeks back they stopped working .
that is the only positive thing i can say about the experience .
instead there s a little hand on the screen that you move around .
i m a strong supporter of rechargeable batteries ,  but at num_extend volts ,  this just doesn t meet my needs .
as for the crackers and hummus ,  i ve tasted better .
i ve been using a presto num_num flipside belgian waffle maker for several years and it finally died .
the sound was fine ,  but i could not get comfortable when i wore them .
i would not recommend purchasing these you can do a lot better for the price .
after reviewing the item on amazon ,  i received an email with the offer to replace for free .
with that in mind ,  this product failed to live up to any of my expectations .
you might want to shop around for something a little better .
buy it from chillow directly ,  though ,  as amazon charged double chillow s price and i only got one .
however ,  based on the many raving reviews and relatively high price  more on that later  i had expected num_extend
made of some kind of junk ,  fragile plastic .
but there are way too many parts to assemble .
there is the hard nook button ,  there is some kind of drawer button on the screen .
i will not pay to have it fixed again .
therefore ,  i will be ordering a replacement once my purchase has been refunded .
i don t notice anything when i use this product .
the only way that this product differs from traditional shampoo is that it does not lather .
the styrofoam packaging inside the case was damaged upon arrival ,  but the parts themselves were not visibly damaged .
not sure i can really tell if they are cool  temperature wise  or not .
i am num_extend and wear a size num_extend
i thought that would work better for voice dialing .
i am num_extend num_num lbs and the extra small fit .
i tried to sharpen it up on my spyderco sharpmaker num_extend and it wouldn t take an edge .
the place where your hand is suppose to fit on the handle is too small .
dont but unless you dont mind the back cover not staying on .
backing up if necessary is also quick and trivial ,  as there are no beads or ribs .
i was but this product just is not for me .
if that doesn t work and you want to try it go for it .
even cheaper duffle bags i ve bought have last longer than this .
i received this skillet and the bottom of the skillet was dimpled in about num_num places .
i don t know if i would pay much more .
also ,  this thing gets gnarly after it is used and washed and dried a few times .
my son likes them alright but the price is a big rip off .
mine never went away and i used this product faithfully for num_num weeks ,  night and daytime .
maybe i will find another microwave popper ,  but in the meantime i m sticking with my air popper .
i bought this because the battery that i got with the phone has poor life .
i will probably look for something else that is more sturdy .
the next time my metal spoons were rusted .
i have had better luck with my osterizer blender .
both gloves have a tag inside that say they are both m size ,  but the left is uncomfortably smaller .
i admit i was careless ,  so i thought this will solve my problem .
i cleaned the grinder ,  got my coffee beans out ,  and plugged the grinder into the wall socket .
i mix it with water or put a drop in my moisturizer .
the case does not wrap around the front like the picture and the colors are not as bright .
i m not entirely convinced it does anything at all outside of smelling yummy .
i only continue to use it to keep oil buildup off of other pans .
i was hoping to purchase at amazon , but no way . hopefully they will lower their price .
i will use it until i can find a better one .
buy somewhere else or buy them bigger than your usual size if you really want them .
perhaps the build quality is better ,  but i d suspect not .
i bought the num_extend about num_num months ago .
these were some of the more difficult screen protectors to put on .
held less of a charge than the num_extend year old battery it was meant to replace .
i bought this to put a scope on my num_num mosin nagant .
the only reason it gets num_num stars ,  and not num_extend is because of the excellent customer support .
i purchased two pairs ,  one tore the very first time i wore them .
i used with an old phone just for music but it didn t work out .
material ok haven t used min much due to the way it feels on me .
num_extend different sizes .  .  .  . wow .  .  .  .  sarcastic   you cannot share headphones because this is the type that goes behind you .
that s how my old one did before it stopped working entirely .
they re my size ,  but they are too tight and uncomfortable .
this thing collects dirt like you wouldn t believe .
i would have returned it if the cost was higher ,  .
for less than $ i would say you pretty much get what you pay for .
too much range and listening enjoyment is simply lost with these headphones .
it came from the factory with a broken handle .
i appeared to be what i was looking for  except color  .
i had a wired keyboard and mouse plugged in .
if i could do it all over again i would have purchased a num_extend
the product did not live up to my expectations .
it was cheap in price ,  but costly in the field .
i assumed that this piece was stainless ,  given that it s a kitchenaid ,  and i put it in the dishwasher .
very heavy ,  hot ,  and way too big .  .  .  .  . did not like so it was returned .
add to that the sounds it makes are loud and obnoxious .
it does not perform as it states it does .
this was bigger than expected  my bad ,  the size is listed  so it was too big for my dogs .
i rated this a num_num stars because ms .
the crock and the lid go in the dishwasher .
i was angry and so disappointed since i have been so happy with everything i have ordered through amazon .
it s now plastic the color of brushed steel but doesn t really look like it .
my cell phone which is a droid num_extend
also ,  the little converter that allows you to use mini or micro usb ,  is poorly made .
it can get very expensive . for me ,  i just don t think it s worth it .
i don t think it smells like gasoline but it s still very unpleasant .
the only reason i give it num_num stars is because the other num_num tubes worked fine . one good thing though .
which on an average is roughly another $
maybe it works for others .  . but this item was simply not for me .
on the belt clip ,  the display is facing out and subject to being scraped on things .
it should have been mounted to something hard to hold it and move it around .
for me i didn t like how much smaller it is compared to the others .
i purchased this product in a local store ,  not on amazon .
after the carpet dried ,  the stain was still prominently visible .
it only has markings for up to one cup .
this is a cheap plastic product ,  and is brittle and will break .
i ordered an new battery and don t even need it now .
it s not wide enough for a somewhat overweight person .
a bit flimsy and deosn t quite do the job .
i returned my unit in the original box with all accessories .
i was under the impression that the product opened cans as well as jars .
i ll use this only if i accidentally run out of paper filters .
horrible product !  !  !  worked well for a couple of months ,  then simply stopped charging .
i am not complaining about it too much because if was only a $ with free shipping .
i have to set it on some sort of surface ,  release the handle ,  and then pick it up .
it got my phone but didn t fot me .
i don t know what happened ,  timothy s is usually extremely good ,  but this is a bad flavor for coffee lovers .
i say  almost  because you can go to their website and send them an email .
i purchased this item because i was buying a new battery for my samsung galaxy note num_extend
i think this is made in china and material is from china not japan .
it worked for a little bit and then it stopped working out of no where .
however if you try taking a picture with the flash on ,  it puts a haze on your photos .
it s a pain to use and too noisy .
if the battery is burnt down ,  i can quickly grab the num_extend plug it in ,  and take the call .
for the price ,  i would expect it to work better than this .
the protective screen cover must have been very old ,  because it would not adhere to the phone .
tried num_num of their recipes ,  one krusteaz bread machine mix ,  two of my own recipes .
i would have paid a little more for a better quality beanie .
other than that i guess it would be an okay product .
despite whatever claims are made about this product being % pure ,  they are false .
i have no idea how this product got so many good reviews .
i ordered and found out it didn t fit .
i will keep it but would not purchase again .
other brands of crates do not have an issue of the tray pans sliding out .
the pot supports bent after being heated num_num minutes while supporting two liters of water ,  roughly num_extend lbs .
i would not recommend it ,  plus it s pricey !  .
it wasn t bad ,  but it wasn t good either .
i ve been feeding this food to my cat for about a month now .
i wish i d just put the money i spent on this one toward a better one .
otherwise ,  it s not going to melt while the popcorn is popping .
i thought i had a much better steamvac in the hoover .
before buying this i had read various reviews of some folks liking it and others saying it s too small .
the problem was the sheer amount of heat this thing gives off .
however ,  sadly enough ,  this product was unable to do the trick for me .
the bristles are so cheap i m lucky to get one use out of these .
i read all the comments and information and then purchased this for a cat that is having trouble eating .
tried it on my moms iphone num_num not num_extend so at least then it should have been perfect .
when this one came i was unpleasantly surprised ,  but again ,  the description said num_num inches .
it was so cheap i am not looking for a refund and go through the hassle .
the only thing this would do is keep the back of the phone from getting a lot of scratches .
maybe i will find another use for it .
needs to be much thicker and hole larger .
it doesn t charge my phone  or my girlfriend s phone  .
i would look for something else if i didn t already have this .
when i did see myself ,  i was taken quite aback .
this product is not of so good quality .
however .  .  .  . even minimum heat .  .  .  . the lowest heat source can be too much for these pans .
also ,  you try to put them in a dishwasher ,  the wierd sizes of everything do not fit properly .
as others have pointed out it overheats for awhile and shuts off as a safety measure .
had worked its way into the case making me feel like my phone was barely protected .
that said ,  if you drop your phone ,  and it falls screen first onto anything .  .  . well ,  your screen won t be protected .
i bought this for my daughter only because it was on sale for $
then after letting it sit awhile ,  i brushed it ,  stains were still there .
this sounds easy ,  but in reality ,  it s anything but .
i had to return it and replace it with a different filter .
after trying this product ,  i have to say ,  i didn t feel anything .
rr v came with my num_extend bundle so i can t say i wasted money on it .
mine ,  on the other hand ,  is rubber ,  so that is probably the difference .
this product did not work well for us .
i can t tell if it s the tea itself or these bags are old .
but maybe i feel that way because of the odd color .
usb power adapter works intermittently in my classic saab num_extend at all in my honda or bmw .
i will use it once a week or num_num weeks so i haven t completely wasted my money !  .
i sent the product back to amazon with no worries and requested a replacement .
i purchased about num_num pairs ,  including this pair ,  during that time .
the color is a bit pasty and flat and simply sits on the surface .
however ,  i would really be pressed to buy this product .
i d avoid purchasing these now at any price .
but it s the last one i m ever buying .
save your money and use a liquid cooktop cleaner or barkeeper s friend .
they seem to be a bit too flimsy .
the cord is very thin and will break easily if snagged .
its unfortunate the item did not work . amazon was fast in refunding the balance on cc .
this costs way too much ,  it hold way too little ,  spend the extra for the num_num or whatever .
what it does not tell you is you can barely see the screen after applied .
finally ,  the clamp that actually clips the holder onto your pants has a  locked open  setting .
i was so excited to buy this product ,  thinking it would improve my grandchildren s skills and interest in reading .
but in a tea ,  you expect a hint of it s flavor ,  not the full strength of the spice .
i guess i didn t have an understanding of the product .
this product doesn t make any sense to me .
on this trimmer the blade attachments are very hard to get on and off .
i went out and paid $ to get the battery replaced and the watch started working .
i ve used the product several times and it looks like too old . so i wouldn t purchase from this seller .
i am hoping that sc num_num will be much better .
in the past months i had bought two more from other seller .
the smaller cameras num_extend num_extend would work with maybe two telephotos and a flash .
after receiving this item ,  i fully charged it which took about num_num hours .
at first i thought these were convenient ,  but the price kept going up .
it has a dry feel to it during application ,  but your skin doesn t look dry after you apply it .
not anything its a cheap chinese made screen protector .
i ,  like others ,  am not impressed with this new but not improved product .
these were too big all over to wear at all and they don t shrink .
when i recently warmed something using this same method ,  the lid got all warped and weird .
i am very sorry i bought it now .
just found out they couldn t use it ,  so i took back to try to return .
it bows ,  it doesn t sit level ,  it s lightweight and cheap .
i replaced with premium ,  coated hoya filters and have no issues .
had this for about a week and it worked ok until one morning i noticed a strong plastic smell .
i ordered num_num wide thinking that the one size up would give me plenty of room .
i think the phone was covering a sensor .
the base is not heavy enough to balance the num_extend on it .
such a waste .  .  . and they were $ more expensive ,  too .
they are more like chewy chips ahoy cookies or something along those lines .
it seems to dry out my skin and feels like any cheap soap you buy at the store .
i worked for about a month ,  but then it failed .
they re for keeping stuff off your dog s feet .
using a pump should not be this hard .
the carafe is not made for pouring and it leaks .
the large was more like a small than even a medium .
the rockports are sold as walking shoes but they hurt my feet after about num_num minutes of walking .
every now and then it would work but less often that it should .
i wish they made them like they used too .
i payed num_num $ with shipment and i could have bought much better product for this price .
it can drip into the bottom between the screen and the bezel and cause damage .
the hanes material is very thin ,  the cut is very short .
on the sides of the headphones ,  it looks as if there are actual speakers projecting out .
i have too much space left in my shoes that my feet can slide a little .
the combination of no angle with large hose turns this is a rapid siphon .
i had to remove the battery to make it stop .
and the most annoying feature is that the cord is phenomenally short and magnetically attached .
again ,  they do work ,  but not worth the repercussions .
maybe i just prefer sennheisers but of my headphones i rate them as num_extend
the grip does not fit well over my ears and the headphones stay outside of the ear canal .
i was unsure if i would need a medium or a large and opted to go with the large .
wish i had read the reviews before my purchase .
it s very difficult to open and to close .
so if you re looking for better protection ,  either get one of those screen protectors or look elsewhere .
next time i ll just make sure i get a phone with gorilla glass or something like it .
you need a ladle to scrape out the food ,  sauce or soup .
you have to put stickers on and the stickers didn t stick .
the company gave me a full refund immediately without any hassle .
but with linksys adapters selling for the same price ,  i can t see why you would .
i ve purchased in a store without this issue .
i wish the darn handle on it didn t break ,  though .
this was a very tender steak yet the burgers i made out of it tasted dry ,  tough and stringy .
don t really care because it doesn t touch my coffee .
maybe the latte variety would be more to my taste ,  this not so much .
the clipper seems like a fine product ,  but the quides are just plain flimsy !  .
i m really disappointed in the overall functioning of this coffee maker .
i had a previous version of this product a few years ago .
but that flavor is still not honey nut .
in the beginning it felt nice but that didn t last long .
i guess it s not made for small figure .
from what i was told ,  most of the num_extend wireless headphones are like that .
the first thing i noticed was how bright yellow the powder was .
i think i only got it for $ so i guess you get what you pay for .
unless you are shaq size it looks like a lady purse hanging on your belt .
this was an ok product ,  but i would not purchase again .
don t think it will last too long tho .
i have bought many food items on amazon and never had a problem with mold .
at $ samsung num_num with its features were hard to pass up .
i had gotten these as an exchange from a set of headphones that cost twice as much .
i was suckered into buying it at $
since it was very dense and not crumbly ,  the bar was chewy in texture .
the products works well but there is no color to it .
this watch it tiny and feels like really cheap plastic .
for the record ,  i ve purchased this pattern in the past ,  and it used to be far better .
i thought ,  no problem ,  i ll just order a couple of them to replace the one i broke .
i have been intermittently using this because it irritates my eyes .
yes ,  it was easy to apply ,  smooth touch ,  however ,  it smeared the second i blink .
i have other similar items to this that have not rusted .
when i first saw the blades in the package ,  i knew something was amiss .
the material was hard  ,  stiff  , man made and cheap man made .
it looks like the refined coconut oil not extra virgin .
im using it now for more than two months no change at all .
i don t throw it down and i keep it away from heat .
this would be in the $ and under stores and it would be $
and its not the same color blue as the picture .
this bar is small ,  but packs num_num calories ,  num_num grams of protein ,  no sugar ,  and num_num grams of carbs .
this is not to say that this toy cannot be fun for the right person .
this did pair quickly with my motorola phone but i found little value .
but the design for my size is too small and low cut .
i am extremely disappointed with this motorola charger though .
the system may work for some devices but not for mine .
when i received this particular package ,  it looked like it was banged up pretty badly .
i will be looking for another manufactuer when i next order this product .
i read another review where the writer complained about the lack of labeling .
if you are into a strong cup of coffee in the morning ,  this is not the one for you .
like the clean sleek look but didn t last it broke in num_num weeks will not buy again .
even if it were free it isn t worth a $ replacement phone .
well this has cheap ,  made in china disney pooh written all over it .
after week of use of this product ,  i have seen no difference at all .
we were sent a new one ,  and it worked for num_num months before the same thing happened .
i purchased one of these for my office and although coffee is hot ,  it has a weird taste .
also the quality leaves alot to be desired considering the brand is clark s .
so i did ,  and well it still didn t work .
the leather is not high end leather looks closer to plastic than leather .
the case does little to protect the phone .
it s hard to hold and hard to turn .
the only difference is this one only worked for about a month .
it took me a bit to get all the bubbles out .
oddly ,  the sonys seem to have much better battery life for me .
by problem with is is that it wont charge my ipad .
freshly brewed espresso tastes so much sweeter ,  the canned version just does not compare .
very disappointed !  i always buy large and these were big enough to fit num_num people in them .
i did not expect a lot of base for this size ,  but the sound should be at least vivid .
when i got this in the mail the first thing i noticed was a hole .
i ve had it for about a year and i still haven t used it .
there are cheaper and equally performing cables out there .
i guess they work but not the nicest machining .
this unit looks cheap ,  cost cheap ,  and performs cheap as well .
i have owned the vacuum cleaner for about num_num years or less .
secondly ,  the product was overly sweet for me .
now i ve had this remote for a little over a year .
i would buy another for the rest of our collection if it wasn t for that .
but as for the ds ,  i don t really recommend it .
my dog chewed pieces off of it within of few minutes of playing with it .
i use the headset a low to moderate amount .
it does not do anything particularly inventive but is not all that horrible .
i have been using this in tea primarily .
it seemed creamy but the scent was just not as described .
very expensive for what it is .  .  . and in my case ,  useless .
the plastic is a bit flimsly ,  but has not broken so far .
it s tight around my rib cage ,  but lose up top ,  and i am not small busted or overweight .
it ,  like my other reels ,  is religiously rinsed off after use in saltwater ,  dried ,  and lubed .
i am rough on my glasses so these lasted about a month .
the only thing i do like is the color .
the fabric is confortable ,  although i think it is impossible wear it  ,  by it self .
if you have a lot of money to blow ,  you might try this product .
the size wasn t as big as i had hoped ,  either .
i came here just so see what the ratings were for this pan from other users .
i paid way less than amazon shows it right now .
i had been using a pur filter for a long time .
however this recent battery doesn t last much longer than my old battery .
this holster is designed for a num_num with a very narrow trigger guard .
i saw a similar maybe the same product at the local num_num cent store .
it may work fine for you ,  but i had problems .
the charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my samsung galaxy num_extend
these are so wide and way too long that they are uncomfortable and do not fit normal men .
not as soft of leather as i hoped .
first off ,  i was excited about this toy .
the main problem ,  though ,  is that the product is not durable .
i usually wrap the containers in plastic for longer storage .
when i received them in the mail ,  i was disappointed .
it s a cute concept ,  but it poorly designed and hard to put together .
however ,  it did stop working after num_num weeks .
for the repeater ,  all you need to do is supply power .
it had a slightly sweet smell and taste to me ,  but apparently it was not to their liking .
save your money ,  this is a   .  .  .   to clean .
i wish i had read more before ordering this product .
that s because it is and it doesn t fit tight like the original .
this charger was one of the cheapest ,  but wasn t worth the savings .
the plastic covering made the phone difficult to see .
so in retroscpect i would give this player a num_num star rating .
i replaced it with a newtrent num_extend but have not had it long enough to rate it .
the only sililarity was that it was black .
i returned to the verizon store where i bought it and exchanged it for another identical unit .
this was cut small and the quality was less than i expected .
lets just say that i wouldn t feel confident if i dropped the phone ,  that i would protect it .
i purchased the camco num_num anode rod for my atwood heater .
not sure why this doesn t work properly to charge my htc mytouch num_extend
i was quite upset by this ,  as i spent $ for this set .
maybe i am expecting too much ,  but ,  for me ,  they don t last as long as they should .
i had to wash my hands several times to get the smell off them .
i didn t realize this was so flimsy .  ,  i thought it would be on a sturdy base .
however this .  .  ?  except for the caffeine in it bothering me ,  it did nothing .
i bought this to replace a bodum schiuma that failed after about a year and a half .
will be purchasing the otterbox case for the num_extend commuter series htc num_extend and htc desire z .
after a month it would not charge my phone anymore .
i get about three months juice before its time to replace the batteries .
i noticed that when i put it on it did not look right .
i ve had store brand that was much better and less expensive . i ll stick with something that won t give me heartburn .
a small indicator light on the earpiece ,  out of sight while wearing the device is the only warning system .
i ordered this item after reading the description as being  compact  and  lipstick  sized .
the bose sound nice but you can get better value for your money elsewhere .
i dont know if this is a design issue or if i just got a bad unit .
my first shock came when i opened the jar .
i thought the coffee had a slight bitter taste to it ,  not what i would call smooth or robust .
mmmm .  .  . switched to my cheapest $ from walmart pair and i could still make out the section .
i thought that i couldnt loose at this price .
i really regret wasting my money on this product .
i have a evo spint phone was no good .
so i wanted to move away from the standard pan frying and got my self this griddle . big mistake .
this stylus comes apart really easily and feels super cheap .
it only tastes like cinnamon as i like cinnamon on my toast .
the first time the grinder seemed to work alright ,  but not super ,  but alright .
i did nto realize there was something different about the box ,  but i could tell when i ate it .
the thing provided relatively little pressure to support the headphones on my head .
cheap product and i wouldn t recommend using this on your phone unless your ok with buying more .
it lasted only num_num months before it started malfunctioning .
it was a pleasant enough odor but that was the end of it .
about num_num minutes after it is washed ,  its back oily again .
what a waste of money !  incidentally ,  i replaced this headset with the plantronics voyager num_extend
this is a minor complaint when compared to the amount of  noise  this unit generates .
it looked nice when i first put it on ,  but now i m disappointed .
but it was either shell out another $ for another brand subwoofer or pay the $
my cats  two of them  treat this as if it were ordinary dry cat food .
the battery i got ,  went down so quickly it was a disappointment .
i was quite shocked at the cheapness of the manufacturing .
it s easy to put back on ,  but it would continually pop off .
had phone plugged into this to the wall ,  and after num_extend my galaxy num_extend was not fully charged .
no smell and i recycle the grocery bags .
i ve used these types of wooden brushes in the past ,  and they have lasted a long time .
normally i like most of them well enough to buy again but this one tastes really hideous to me .
seriously ,  don t waste your money on this one .
it does something ,  but it is absolutely not worth the outrageous price tag .
you have to use keys to turns left or right ,  they aren t mouse controlled .
it s not so much that they  stick ,   as it is that they just plain don t work properly .
my daughter saw this in the store and begged to get it .
it takes a long time to get used to using the wheel and the foot pedals .
i had one for about two weeks ,  then returned it for a refund .
i m not much for lemon or hot drinks like tea anyway .
i was a bit annoyed by the cable that was supplied with the charger .
this one is no different from other otterbox cases i have tried .
i would have purchased two copies ,  one for me and one for a friend .
i guess this amplifier or whatever you may call it works .
i have num_num packs remaining and hope to find someone who i can give them to .
extremely lightweight and flimsy ,  the base doesn t feel like it would survive an accidental drop .
the bulky part doesn t sit well on my glasses  frame .
i bought num_num packs of this product for me and my friend to put on my iphone num_extend
the buzzing noise is loud ,  you will hear it if you are in the same room .
it seems it works for others but not for me .
i thought that i would get noise reduction and better sound quality .
the company sent me replacements right away ,  when those didn t work they issued a prompt refund .
i think there are other options for cheaper that you can get .
i  know  it is cleaning me ,  but i keep using more ,  just to be sure .
the other pan looks like it had promise ,  but is really just a pan to hold the other pan .
this is literally a non foaming gel cleanser .
it sharpens horribly ,  loose have of it ,  or the product falls out after sharpening .
i have old fashioned tweezers and i was trying to  modernize  my arsenal .
another frayed spot on the side leaves a large welt on my skin .
too bad ,  previous purchase from these folks were great .
i regret buying it cuz i ve never used it again .
but i am starting to see why this is so cheap in price .
when i opened the box i saw that this new bottle didn t have the plastic seal around the top .
it might work for some but not mine .
the material is thin ,  and feels nothing like the older num_extend
the bowl size is much smaller than the dimensions given .
i of course returned them ,  and will just go to the store to buy the pair i want .
i am truly disappointed . this came in an almost solid form and was stiff to use .
this was the latest software available as of july num_extend num_extend
i think it s a samsung oem num_extend cable ,  but they sent a old oem like china maden one .
i had a new phone for about three weeks before dropping it for the first time .
i m size num_num and this feels like size num_extend
however ,  this phone falls short in many areas .
also for some reasons hot unpopped kernels will fly out of the machine .
put it into a vacation rental ,  i wouldn t use it on a daily .
for me ,  i ve decided to get one of those vollcraft units .
unfortunately the small size just barely fit her ,  if you could call it fitting .
after i installed it i attempted to make an adjustment to the gain levels and the knob broke off .
the game can get really really choppy at times and can lag pretty bad .
presently ,  not very happy that the product does not work when freshly removed from the package .
in my opinion ,  a flash drive shouldn t be so fragile that one removal would cause everything to be corrupted !  .
well the cord is alright but i didnt know that kind of cord went to a playstation num_extend
if they were plastic ,  rubber or maybe even a hard foam ,  then they would be fine .
i doesn t hold a charge for very long which is to be expected for an inexpensive battery .
i mean i paid ,  what ,  $ for the thing so wasn t expecting the best but at least working quality .
i had to use two hands to hold it ,  which is less than desirable .
i am kind of disappointed of this product .
also this item was much shorter than advertised .
i assumed a battery was a battery relative to providing power .
it appears this phone is being sold as a new phone when it fact i believe it s been refurbished .
i ve bought two of these .  .  . the first one i had trouble using ,  so i gave it to goodwill .
they last about num_num months with once daily use .
but it didn t hold up as well as i expected .
i know many people find this product helpful ,  but i found it distracting and uncomfortable to use .
i contacted mynetdeals and the very same day they sent me another one .
i had my external maxtor for about a year num_extend maxtor one touch  .
i bought one and it burned out after first use so i exchanged it for another no problem .
nice case for the cost ,  but the case doesn t align with the charger .
i used these because they claim a warranty .
all i know is i m sticking to wired headphones .
other than the color they look very similar ,  and ,  i suspect ,  use the same mechanics .
my phone has chipped corners thanks to this crappy case . as for the kickstand .
i ve bought other brands that came with less product but lasted longer and worked better .
i would never have thought there would be a difference in screen protectors ,  but there is .
made out if very soft aluminum ,  not solid at all .
i returned the item and in the process of getting my refund .
you have to put it in it s proprietary little case ,  then plug the case into usb .
i can turn it either direction with no change whatsoever .
i add about a third of a package to a container of plain yogurt or kefir .
it also has a somewhat oily texture ,  which i was not a fan of .
this is idiotic selling a system for so high a price .
the ring tone sound is not loud at all .
plus ,  the blade is not flexible in any way due to the extreme thickness .
i do not have a big head ,  really .
much better only it doesn t have the ability to remove the plates .
it s basically a battery cover with a very thin flap to cover the screen .
i ordered several other brands and they were stickier .
this case totally didn t fit my phone well .
conserve water by taking brief showers and doing laundry a little at a time .
i bought this water heater for camping but when i got it there were several things wrong .
i have the need for two cell phones ,  one for business ,  the other for personal use .
i was expecting that for $ the sound quality was going to be amazing .
it is hard to get on and off .
they re trying to make everyone use their online knowledge base .
it was packaged well ,  its just a flaw in the manufacturing .
i got the cable and it clearly showed  on the bag holding the cable that it was num_extend
true to its claim ,  there s nothing artificial in it .
i was able to screw it back in .
if msg doesn t bother you ,  go ahead and buy this if you want .
only problem with them is the phone charger is hard to connect past the lip on the bottom .
the general construction of the thing is cheap and plastic ,  and it does not maintain a good spin .
this thing is not worth what it costs .
it is num_extend inches long by num_extend inches wide .
i have used it fewer than five times before it burst open in the microwave oven .
overall i feel as though this product is weak .
and it made one cup of espresso num_num days a week for about num_num months  .
i was very excited for my num_num and num_num year old kids to try this product out .
do not buy one which is plastic ,  look for a sturdy one .
i will try to use the rest of the jar in cookies or something .
it feels kinda awkward ,  like the headset isn t all the way in your ear .
i know it it just a $ case but i expected better quality than this .
when i plugged the ipad into the original charging cord it powered immediately up .
i don t have small hands but just to be sure ,  i had my large handed friend try it .
i don t have big ape paws ,  but the handle on it is still too small .
despite some reviews i read before i purchased this product ,  it was money down the drain .
this cover gives you a false sense of protection .
they sound bad and don t stay in your ear .
i have not had any trouble with sticking .
a little does not go a long way and i have to really rub to get it on .
after putting on the protective cover for the iphone ,  i can scarely put the iphone into the pouch .
i d used my old pressure cooker for over num_num years .
the cheap razorblade that comes with the kit was what i used the most .
if you manage to get it on ,  your afraid of taking it off .
it does not contain urine or feces smell well and the smell stayed even after cleaning .
if i could give num_num stars i would .
i could not get the protector to go on without lots of bubbles .
it looks ,  and is ,  very cheaply made !  the material is thin and light weight .
the item pictured on amazon is not the item you may receive .
according to my personal experience ,  much of this product passes through undigested .
having the fan on the num_extend or num_extend setting is too loud to have the tv on .
although it has been built with mostly plastic it doesn t creak like some very cheap headphones do .
i probably make waffles once every num_num months .
i ll update this review if i receive an edible replacement .
i used it several times hoping i just needed to get use to it .
ok ,  i have to admit ,  the price of this item did not have my expectations unfairly high .
after using it i wouldn t pay $ for one .
we wanted it for folding chair and it was just too large .
sadly that is not the case with cuisinart .
i should work a lifetime by replacing batteries but that is not the case .
even with several ,  i never had any suds and the items didn t feel soapy in the least .
this battery seemed to work for num_num weeks or so ok .
this one is done in under num_num days with my usage not changing .
they are barely satisfactory compared to the brushes i purchased from other companies; however ,  at a much higher cost .
was excited to get these in the mail yesterday .
can hold some casings but still they are to short .
this one ,  well ,  you can t taste the coffee at all ,  no matter what size cup you brew .
it is very sensitive which makes it quite annoying .
this pump has a very minimal design that mounts snuggly to a mens bike .
the arcitec num_num looked awesome ,  and i was looking forward to using it when i received it .
the balance is poor ,  and the blade comes dull as a hammer .
not only that ,  but the hiss amplification is strangely correlated with the pitch of the sound .
it fries ,  but not anywhere near what i was expecting .
the headphones clamp on your head too much .
i was really looking forward to receiving this item as i had heard many good things about it .
i had to use a knife to pry it open .
i got it in and never could get it to work on the phone using the back button .
i didn t buy it here ,  but i paid about the same price and it is the same model .
i was super excited to give this a try .
ordered the num_extend inch version of the product .
i was hopeful that this would be much easier .
i have trouble even using these to cook .
it is very cheaply made and the outfit is very cheap . it looks like toysrus product and not disney .
the only advantage is that this is inexpensive .
it takes num_num hours to fully charge the batteries and that is in the phone .
it did not slick down my edges and it also left a residue on my hair .
i gave it num_num stars because amazon lists that as  i am not happy  with it .
i might as well be putting fermented bile in my coffee !  bleh !  !  !  !  !  .
it was an ok product for only a couple of weeks that is lasted .
another thing is ,  if you drop your phone ,  it is completely vulnerable to a possible scratch or cracked screen .
i must admit i was disappointed with this product .
in no way is this product comparable to a starbuck brewed coffee either at home or at an outlet .
great looks but the design is really poor .
so ,  i guess that means i need to purchase another one for myself .
this item went in the garbage now and i ordered a different one also from amazon . com .
so i cannot honestly say that this product did anything for me .
i bought the size recommended and it is too tight .
one time ,  one of my computers was having a hard time starting the hardware .
with full charge ,  listening to internet radio through stereo bluetooth lasts about num_num hours at most .
this is no different than any other cream i ve tried .
i had to use my other battery to get a longer charge than this useless battery .
i guess i got what i paid for though .
hamilton beach sent me a brand new broken replacement .
also it doesn t charge your phone more than % even when it says its on full capacity .
i love all of my other kitchenaid appliances but this one is a big disappointment .
the polish was thicker ,  but went on with no problem .
i barely used my phone for num_num minutes and the battery percentage dropped down to %
the problem is it is not that easy to get it back in .
the cord is only num_extend long but i d rather have surge protection and widely spaced outlets .
i have something like num_extend and i don t see myself ever using it all .
for what i paid for this item ,  it should have lasted longer .
the lotion itself was fine; i have problem dry skin ,  and this moisturized without feeling greasy .
it tastes good and it claims to contain  nothing cooked ,  nothing processed ,   but that is not the simple truth .
wish amazon would make vendors clarify both cost up front instead of the old bait and switch .
metal end of the belt gets stuck in the buckle .
this is not a bad product but not worth the extra $
i ve only ever had problems with a generic brand charger .
i bought this because my charger port in my phone stopped working .
i am trying to find a new one .
also there is a buckle on the back which is a bit irritating as it is made of plastic .
had it for a couple weeks before it stopped working under normal wear .
they are also really uncomfortable on the ears .
i broke out the entire time i used it .
doesn t feel like plastic on the outside ,  feels rubberized .
case won t even stay on and the battery is little better than standard .
i depend on reviews to help me choose which products to try and this one was way off .
well that s because the cookies are not big .
my skin feels oily and looks shiny for a long time .
i ve only had it a week and it s half way gone .
and as i mentioned before ,  it didn t work as well as i expected over the course of a week .
i should have known the product was too cheap to be any good .
i watched a bunch of videos of this product prior to purchasing .
quality of audio in the headset seems a slightly worse than my samsung num_extend
i tried not using it for a few weeks ,  then tried it again .
i think this is a result of the thinner glass .
now ,  i don t have any issues with the build quality .
however , if they do not ,  i still have the old one and will use that .
and yes ,  i did wash them immediately after every use and store them properly ,  that that isn t the issue .
the overall quality is mediocre at best and i would recommend buying something perhaps made out of metal .
save your money and get a better brand .
we used to have a smaller bodum and that glass carafe seemed stronger and thicker .
they make dandy bag sealers ,  so they weren t a complete waste .
the chrome around the camera lens has bad glare from light that also interferes with the pictures  :   .
after a long time i get out another thermometer and my tmp was num_extend
it just didn t work for what i needed it for .
i read the myriad s of reviews on this product on amazon before purchasing it .
then it worked for num_num minutes before it broke .
i got a plastic bag ,  sealed  ok  ,  with just a small amount of treats .
the iphone num_num does not fit all that great .
the small sizes seem to accommodate only narrow feet .
it was a risk i didn t want to take .
it s unfortunate because it has an otherwise solid design .
the peanut butter part was also creamy ,  like it was mixed with the same chocolate .
this device is very cheap materials and construction .
the portion that protrudes gently into my ear came loose ,  then broke off .
i would think a cheaper product deserved a cheaper price ,  especially if you have to replace them more often .
the bag itself seems sturdy but bad zipper .
i was so excited for the results it would give me .
i may just hold off getting a new battery if this problem seems to be too common .
unfortunately it isn t for sale here on amazon .
i can t afford even at amazon prices to use this product .
i give them credit ,  but there is much left to be desired with this product .
i m anywhere from a num_extend to a num_extend
sometimes the unit will stay on after you power it off and slowly drain down the battery .
i m kind of wishing i went with more oleophobic set of screen protectors .
the lace gets dirty easily and starts to peel off on the edges .
awful ,  awful sound !  and it is horrendously loud !  .
these i don t like to eat unless i mix them in to something .
i even enlisted a friend to try it to confirm it wasn t just me .
this was simply not worth the inexpensive price !  .
however ,  i have had flatbreads made by other companies that were actually the texture of a pita .
i tried brewing it to lighter and then stronger strengths but the taste was also plasticy .
the battery works and charges well etc ,  but mine is not well made .
i bought this as a replacement bc it has a num_num capacity so i could charge my future num_extend
it s a subpar product that doesn t work as it s supposed to .
it worked a little better but still didn t last long .
the recorder worked ok but seemed to be made very cheaply ,  with a great deal of plastic .
it s so big and heavy ,  it simply doesn t work .
it s very dry ,  very powdery ,  and comes apart too easily with the  too small  little brush that is supplied .
on the other hand ,  as someone else pointed out ,  the rubber ring on these things is about num_extend across .
it s too expensive for me to buy with no results .
this item had mostly good reviews but did not work for me .
i d better stick with my old cleansing oil .
i can tolerate it for short periods of time ,  but i don t like it at all .
you get what you pay for ,  and nothing more .
that wasn t an option with this one  when it worked  .
unless you are connected to a pc ,  wasting a usb port .
just an fyi if you re looking to purchase .
however ,  the base on our red one is metal also  copper apparently  ,  with a plastic bottom .
i wanted something that protected my phone from scratches and smudges ,  etc .
it doesn t last long ,  the bottle is not attractive and the scent is normal .
was expecting better quality for what we paid .
it used to work so well for me .
i ve done a little gardening in the past .
pay a little bit more and get a better one .
besides ,  i felt that this is too greasy for my liking .
and it s not like those machines are power hogs .
this was pretty cheap ,  so i got what i paid for .
i could figure out how to put a lid on  :        .
i do not care for the matte finish because it doesn t give the screen a clear enough look .
num_extend the battery is no worse than the stock battery i was originally using .
they sell these things at trader joe s ,  which is where i got mine originally .
wireless connection to my laptop worked well . however ,  i found that my internet connectivity performance became crippled with this router .
which is needed because even with my wifi and gps turned off my droid charge battery is awful .
i also had a bit of trouble keeping it level and therefore had water flow problems .
i guess combining it with cereal or using it in some other way might make it less terrible .
even though the manufacturer states the models their grips will fit ,  they dont always fit .
that is how i have been drinking this hazelnut flavored coffee the past week .
cheaply made plastic ,  and uncomfortable !  !  i have had these for about two months ,  and they already broke .
the latch is junk pressed metal of unknown composition .
it seems to be glued on  although you could remove it  .
i ve read reviews out there from people who have had great success with this tool ,  but not me .
the other thing is this is an oily product that is thick and sticky .
however ,  the usb cable i got with this package is junk .
it s expensive ,  especially since it doesn t do the job .
the price was good but the product was not .
no more sticky residue after cleaning ,  and no overwhelming scent .
sadly i can t match them in the  regular  size measuring cups as they are being constructed today .
i m wondering if these cords compatible with the iphone num_extend
this is extremely thin and very hard to tear .
i got tired of wasting saran wrap to cover .
weeks later i switch back to a cheap ,  standard phone cable and everything is back to normal .
i keep them in my drawer ,  i guess one day i will ask someone .
had it less than a month and it stopped working .
it s said this is more expensive to manufacture and harder to fake .
amazon informed me i d recieve a refund for the cost of the cable ,  thanks amazon .
i owned one of these for almost num_num years .
neither were effective and the device is cheaply made and does not turn off unless the battery is removed .
really it just make the whole thing feel kinda cheap . now two weeks after i received this .
this stupid thing was my only way to get wireless connection on my xbox num_num in the beginning .
when i received this item i expected the battery that came with it to work .
spend more money and buy a tool that s forged or even stamped ,  not cast .
it does not look nearly as nice as in the photograph .
in fact ,  i hardly notice a difference whether i use it or don t .
i don t think these are any more  premium  than any other screen protector on amazon .
well i guess you get what you pay for in some cases .
for a while i d felt like my ears were clogged .
these people sent me a replacement screen for a motorola something .
this is something he has never refused to eat when i have mixed vitamins ,  oil for his coat ,  etc .
i thought with the brand lenox that i would receive a nicer jewelry box .
i tried it myself and it honestly doesn t taste that bad .
whats the use of wireless if you have to stay in front of the transmitter ,  for it to work .
so ,  here is what i experienced last night when i tried them out .
there is allot going on with this toy .
i love calphalon ,  but this stainless steel is not recomemnded .
also ,  i never experienced any leaking with them nor a feeling of being blocked when urinating .
i think if it weren t for dealing with interference ,  these could be a decent product .
i have lowered this review to one star ,  and if they had one without stars i d have used it .
the product is cheap ,  but so was the price .
this product is a good idea ,  but the quality is not there ,  to put it bluntly .
i use vinegar and baking soda to clean and unplug our drains .
noticed two other reviews to this effect on another site .
it was okay  ,  but i expected more lather from this soap .
unfortunately the battery is sealed into the plastic .
unfortunately ,  the itty bitty light bulbs are aligned inward so i have almost no light directed at my face .
it would only charge one device at a time .
i feel like it does dry my hands ,  but only after i play with it for several minutes .
it does not shut off when the item being heated is removed .
there is no red light on the headphones to tell you that they are on .
there s a reason it has a cheap price .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . because it s made cheap !  .
for the price ,  i guess it s fine ,  but it wasn t what i expected .
i purchased num_num of these cables and they both have static and short out .
i can t wear this for more than num_num min before my ear canal is killing me .
unfortunately ,  this new version is subpar compared with its predecessor .
not even worth the $ price tag after shipping .
for the price of this speaker i would ve expected better .
the flavor was not as good as i had expected .
i thought my son would get a kick out of this .
buy the following  home depot or amazon has all this num_extend
i ve bought num_num of these including num_num refills  not all at once  .
you then should clean it and simply put it back .
i wasn t at all impressed with the product .
it smells greeat !  i can t lie about that ,  and that s the only reason why i would buy it again .
i was very sad because i love this coffee .
i bought this as a crate for my puppy who s now num_num months and num_extend
i know that many people have given good reviews ,  but as for me ?  well ,  i am throwing this out .
second ,  taking off the case  once on  is a real pain in the butt .
i purchased this on march num_num and now ,  less than two months later it went into the garbage .
the plastic handle is way too flexible to apply pressure to the cleaning pad .
the systems tips over easily and is made out of cheap plastic .
save your num_num bucks and go get a better reviewed set of  phones .
similar to many reviewers here ,  mine came unsealed .
it s good enough to use but just annoying .
i sent mine back for a refund . it will protect your phone ,  but you sacrifice aesthetics .
i m glad i ordered num_num sets ,  even though i expected num_num medium ,  not num_num large and num_num medium .
this could be a fine product ,  but i think the quantity they want you to take is too much .
i used it with a cell phone and two different converters to num_extend
i can t believe how dull it is after such good reviews .
just google the word  parabens  and you ll know why i gave this num_num star .
but i don t think anybody that i know would like this particular coffee .
i have bought other products from this seller that have been fine .
it is really not that wonderful in person .
what a hassle ,  it s not worth the effort .
imagine listening to something in volume but not quite getting enough bass and vocals on it .
i work from home and use my home phone at least num_num to num_num hours a day .
i wish i would have done more research before buying this product .
the screen protector is a touch too big and when aligning the cutouts ,  they do not align properly .
if this fit very snugly ,  i would have rated it num_num stars .
i may have a somewhat larger than average head num_extend hat size  ,  but it s not that big .
in order to do this ,  it builds a database of num_extend tag information .
it worked fine on the phone ,  but since i didn t like the look ,  i never really used it .
wish i d have known about it much sooner .
it was just ok until it broke about three weeks in .
i could not use it with one hand for two reasons .
well i purchased one and haad to return it had corrosion in the battery compartment would not work .
i was so excited to receive this product !  i hate having to tug a hose around the yard .
i have been using it for a week ,  and i don t see visible results as promised  yet ?   .
if you buy this ,  use only distilled water in the one gallon tank .
i have never had to return an item to amazon and this was my first .
also this unit does not have a slow speed .
sound quality was not so great but ok .
that was the same performance as the previous battery ,  which prompted it s replacement .
the color is white not blue of any kind .
i m afraid if i dropped it from a foot or more it would shatter .
save you money ,  this is a cheap product and will come off soon after you put it on .
are you like me ?  i have been using this stuff for num_num years .
after trying this product ,  i agree with other reviews that it doesn t last num_num days .
usually wear a num_extend or num_extend and purchased a num_extend
save your money and use vitamin e oil or olive oil ,  cheaper and smells better .
but the problem is the usability of the screen once you have it on .
bought this like num_num years ago and you know what ?  i haven t used it yet .
this was okay for a very short time .
make sure when you shop the cord length is enough atleat num_num feet or more .
that worked at first ,  but the problem persisted so i reprogrammed ,  but to no avail .
its weird ,  ive ordered this product before and didnt have a lumpy mess like this stuff .
i bought this unit to replace num_num sony num_num cd only disc players .
so just pass on these and buy a more expensive item .
i want to simply listen to music ,  not compensate for an inability to play an instrument .
they cost only $ which is too small an amount to consider returning this item .
bass ,  while strong ,  is not detailed or controlled .
it s probably a num_num star performance even ,  but i tend to reserve that rating for absolute junk .
i m really puzzled why so many reviewers seem to like it .
i really was hoping for this to work but it just didnt for me .
it s foolproof for her and super easy to set up . unfortunately ,  the battery will not hold a charge .
the buttons were awkward and hard to use .
the shortest i ve ever encountered with this kind of product .
i ended up going with another pair of the ones that come with a galaxy num_extend
i have owned this machine for num_num years .
it needs to be made of metal ,  not plastic .
my local walmart has kits that are more substantiative for a lot less money .
like me ,  many people fall for cheap product on amazon and it stops working after sometime .
it works ok in some areas and terrible in other areas .
it works for some things but is not suitable for my main purpose .
would have liked this product if it wasn t so thick and was able to hold the cold .
i was careful placing it in but the materials used for the case seem really cheap .
don t waste your time or money and just go with a different can opener .
i usually don t complain about products ,  but i had to write a review .
i requested a replacement cord which i received promptly .
i would have rather have my old ,  original ,  corrupted droid x back .
so ,  i don t know if it tastes good or not .
i was so hoping for the good old percolator coffee maker .
this was disappointing because i was looking forward to using it after reading the good reviews .
i only used this blender num_num times in a year and it died .
the cookie taste wasn t as good as i expected .
don t buy them because of the low price .
in fact ,  i was expecting somewhat better looking photos with the photosmart num_extend being a higher resolution camera .
only lasted a few month very expensive for its use .
i bought this because it was cheap and included a fire starter .
the bristles are too soft and become deformed .
i bought this as a cheap way to amplify my acoustic .
it worked ok for num_num weeks ,  then it fell off .
the shoes were too small in the width .
don t waste your time with these ,  won t fit anyway . yeah ,  they look cool .
next time i will probably try brewing for only num_num minutes to see if this lessens the side effects .
i realized the bras i ordered were from the same company ,  just my size .
maybe super glue since that is what the mfg appears to use .
it would work for a few hours with new batteries however .
instead i got a different phone case that didnt even go to my iphone num_extend
the pack along with the razr still is no thicker than a traditional smart phone .
you get what you pay for and i should have known at this price i would get garbage .
i purchased it for christmas num_num for my num_extend year old .
to be fair ,  i tried it for num_num days .
it may have a big button but is small in sound .
i wanted one that would stream podcasts from my phone for when i m at work .
i have used these protective screens before ,  some from my phone provider and others from other stores .
this may work if you have a very low wattage microwave .
i don t recommend it for outdoor use unless you don t mind it blowing all over the place .
the smaller size would have been too small ,  but this one is too big .
the unit is constantly drawing num_extend as long as there are internal batteries inserted .
it s sort of pliable and it sort of molds ,  but it feels strange .
when i power the linksys down and num_extend on ,  those devices have no trouble to connect to the network .
this thing lasted almost a week before it broke .
try color oops  which is what i usually used ,  but wondered if colorzap would be better  .
wasted my money on this product !  ruined it trying to put it on my phone .
there is something wrong with the handle ,  it stuck to my hair .
i wear an num_extend and ordered a size num_extend based on posted reviews .
also the product does not fit the iphone exactly .
it s sitting in my closet ,  will probably donate it .
may be used it num_num times at the most .
i want these back !  !  !  no headphones can compare for running ease .
i thought maybe i didn t do it right and tried it again .
overall they are okay but for the price .  .  .  . i would pass .
and it s not like i have a very long torso or anything .
only want to try about this product to buy ,  it s alright for buy and use for few days .
kind of a lame interface . anyway ,  it was a bit troublesome to get working .
it s num_num inches and can stretch to num_num inches .
whats more ,  it does not charge as well as a wall charger  e . g .
however ,  you ll have to provide your own microusb cable . not recommended .
but it will catch your finger or thumb and injure you badly if you are not extremely careful .
we bought a new battery ,  thinking that was the problem ,  but that didn t help .
you don t have to squeeze the garlic out of the skin .
i don t like how they stick out of your ear at all .
i;m not exactly certain why i purchased this item .
i haven t changed anything about the unit ,  my wireless network or my pc .
the taste is okay but a bit bland .
even the very cheapest brands at the supermarket were better .
you can waste your money if you want but read the real reviews .
it is my first experience with an otterbox product . first ,  the case is like nothing else i ve seen .
the case did not fit the phone ,  and it does not close properly .
it looses battery life almost at the same rate ,  which defeats the purpose of my purchase .
this is the only vanilla android num_extend device available and it s ruined by samsung s crappy pentile amoled display technology .
didn t waste my time mailing back because they were cheap .
a wash cloth does more ,  possibly a wet paper towel as well .
so i sent it back for a refund .
not at all impressed with this case seeing how much you have to pay for it .
probably would not buy again ,  but i don t hate them enough to return them .
they offered me a replacement crockpot ,  and to pay for the repairs from the fire on the counter .
it seems to be a well made screen protector but as i said ,  it is useless as is .
its an ok color but not something i ll be going to .
i purchased the white oem and this  and a num_extend cord  .
but ,  i started to mull over the healthiness of instant coffee .
give me my money back i ordered it on ebay for num_extend and num_num day shipping for free .
but even if that one works ,  i have to question the production quality of this product .
buy something else or make sure your plug doesnt go on the bottom of anything else you buy .
i like leftover beef in my oatmeal and cream of rice .
i m in my num_extend and am not unaccustomed to dealing with flatware .
the cooking surface of the pans was not damaged after prolonged contact with hot coals .
it doesn t pop all  or enough  of the kernels before starting to overcook the ones already popped .
the rack was bent in two places at the top .
after trying to set it up ,  i found that it was not compatible with my digital telephone line .
i mean if i had an extra hand ,  maybe it would work .
there are num_num sheets of colors ,  with num_num in each color .
this battery dies a lot quicker then my rechargeable .
the phone will also sometimes freeze up and you have to turn it off and then back on again .
too bad i can t seem to get a pair that fits .
this item was broken right out of the box .
i could get over the sugariness; i could add water ,  or add to another beverage ,  no big deal .
now it just keeps rusting; i find myself cleaning the rust off it at least weekly .
now ,  i just keep a small pliers nearby for when i need to remove the tip .
i bet the shipping costs alone were almost as much as i paid .
sorry to have to write a negative review ,  but these are terrible .
it measures num_extend across but has a thickish rim so it is actually less .
i will say that it wasn t a problem to get it replaced under warranty ,  though .
hello ,  this product did not meet my expectations .
we usually use the broiler or buy the precooked microwave bacon .
although it s faint ,  it s quite noticeable and annoying .
as a result ,  you aren t always going to have access to your computer to charge these up .
after all the great reviews ,  i was expecting more .
i am usually very happy with oxo products ,  but this one was a disappointment .
i turned it back and forth between level num_extend off ,  and level num_num and finally got it back on .
not made for heavy use as they will warp under a heavy load that requires considerable heat time .
this was the first day i used the reel .
the sound quality out of these is terrible .
if i knew this was made in china i would have purchased a lesser cost case elsewhere .
this thermometer is supposed to be more accurate .
i probably haven t mastered watering it down correctly since it is a concentrate .
the quality seems fine ,  but if you have the num_extend or num_num qt ,  pass on it .
just out of curiosiosity at this point ,  i used num_num scoops of beans for num_num cup .
a waste of money because i had ordered two .
for the price it really wasn t worth it .
usually like their products but not this one .
when i opened my mailbox i found the package box was damaged and opened .
whether this is an issue with my phone ,  i cannot be sure .
so i was so excited for this product .
for some reason when i saw this ,  i thought i needed it .
not easy to use ,  definitely needs two hands .
here are the problems with this one : a  coffee taste the same or lower than mr .
i bought this product when it was labled as a num_num pack for $ with $ tax .
mine has hazed and has cracks and it s not really made for heavy use in the kitchen .
it constantly gives way beneath the phone and almost cannot handle the weight of the phone .
it does not move as much air as i thought it would .
so while i cannot say i recommend them ,  i cannot say that i don t either .
the color is ok ,  a little too pink for my olive tone .
i purchase this in hoping that it can also charge my asus transformer prime num_extend
once size was really large ,  and i am a size num_extend it swallowed me up .
not even worth the dollar you pay for these screen protectors .
not a favorite of mine ,  but i don t really like cinnamon in my coffee .
not such a great deal for me afterall .
it didn t work in my num_num saturn oem stereo .
corrupted data ?  but i was just playing this yesterday and it worked fine  ,  i thought to myself .
they very quickly shipped me a brand new replacement unit at no charge .
not bad . long enough for the general use ,  but a little too stiff . also ,  because it s silicon things slip too easily .
ok .  .  .  .  . i have only had a dog for about num_num months .
the battery is super fat ,  but does not make your phone look bad .
i also ordered it via prime and it took num_num days to reach me .
i took a look at them and noticed that the usb plug had been jarred loose .
it is short and although i was looking for skinny i did not expected it to be so thin .
last night i made some red espresso and it tasted like really cheap strong tea .
the classic sign of crappy power adapters is that your device screen locks up or nearly so .
i have samsung galaxy num_extend and i have been using this cable for about two months .
i replaced my old brita pitcher  i broke it  with this bigger one .
pay a little more money and get something better .
save your money and buy a headset or something .
the chocolate has a chalky ,  play d oh taste to it .
i also noticed the material was super scratchy .
i guess i shouldn t have been surprised these are quite cheap .
now i m wondering if i can somehow get it back in the original box ,  etc .
the plastic is so thin that you could literally break it in half with your fingers .
most of the earphones i own if you do that doesn t distort .
i guess i have to stick to more kinesthetic stuff .
used the product for a few months then the battery bloated and did not fit in the phone anymore .
unfortunately ,  i m still connected wired from my pc .
i wasn t even thinking here at amazon ,  but anyways when i opened the box everything was there .
after two weeks of  use  and whatnot it s started to wobble back and forth .
i purchased num_num of these as gifts for christmas last year .
i is difficult to handle with my arthritic hands .
i never expected miracles :  bread flour is hard to knead and i m careful about kneading times and quantities .
i am a big supporter of sammy products ,  but this one is a dud ,  or mine is defective .
i wet the pad to activate the cleanser .
well ,  i didn t like the taste of it as much as i did the bigelow .
i got it ,  but i m cheap and i used it anyways .
the second time ,  i noticed my nails chipped sooner .
it s a cable ,  it shouldn t be dead after num_num year of use .
over the years ,  i have used the old logitech bulky but trusty  logitech mobile freedom  .
after a season ,  i had to replace it .
i can see from other reviews that they ve had similar experiences .
i charged it and when i went to excell it would start rotating the blades then power off .
spend more money and get a better quality one  :   .
i bought a pair didn t work and was sent another pair exactly the same that also didn t work .
maybe puppies would like to chew on it ?  .
so i went through various different types of foods .
i am actually using it to wash dishes because it has a rough surface and tangles .
the area around the phone display does not cover the bezel very well .
when i tried to use it on a num_num macbook pro ,  that usb port never worked right again .
however ,  the opening for the speaker causes dust to get underneath the built in screen protector .
i expected the same when i ordered this .
i still wouldn t discourage someone from trying it .
this took quite a while to receive and when i finally got it ,  it didn t work .
it looks like something you can t wait to cook in .
i plugged my cell phone  which was at num_num percent  into this device and it began charging it .
this battery doesn t hold a charge for anywhere near as long as my  old  canon branded batteries .
the flavor does not offend ,  but is nothing to get excited about either .
i used this phone case for maybe num_num hours .
the wash was slimy and the moisturizer was greasy .
i regret buying this product and spending $ on it .
yes ,  this coffee maker only cost me $ on sale at target ,  but it only lasted about a month .
these speakers are very cheap at $ a pair .
we will be using this for our drinkwell num_num pet water filter .
the instructions say to cut these with a serrated knife or kitchen shears .
after having used this for awhile ,  i m noticing body odors now .
needless to say the drop damaged my phone ,  it still works but now that top corner is mangled .
i don t know how you could find a more  standard  sized camera than that .
i ve been using the linksys num_extend and thought i would be upgrading .
it s really unfortunate cuz i really like this case and is exactly what i needed .
i ve only used this about num_num times since i bought it and used it the past two consecutive nights .
to make a long story short .  .  . it was purchased as a birthday gift .
really like the design but when it arrived the left sleeve had three ripped holes in it .
a slider case that doesn t let the phone slide .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . pointless .
the case is ok  looked just like it was described  but i had hoped for something more sturdy .
sucks when a product doesn t work as advertized .
problem is ,  they are very stiff and difficult to position properly .
for around $ this is just an ok tpu case .
i also reformatted the device and reinstalled the firmware but nothing has helped .
the only thing that amazes me are the reviews giving this num_num stars .
you have to have num_extend pushing down on it to get it to move !  .
i would not recommend for use as a kitchen tool .
there is a lifetime manufacturer warranty in the usa for this product if purchased through their authorized dealer .
the materials used in the knife appeared to be of very good quality ,  but the workmanship was horrible .
the matter was resolved and we were issued a refund .
looks alright but didn t fit on my grandpas iphone num_extend
the end is bulky and not slim like the one in the picture .
i ordered both the belkin num_num ft cat num_extend and the belkin num_num ft .
this one is strange ,  i am not sure i will keep using it .
it s your basic shower stall with a smooth surface so there is no reason for it not to cling .
i am a long time user of henna products .
i ve owned a couple of these and for some reason they just stop working after a few years .
i wasn t impressed with the amount of $ i spent on this product .
i have never written a bad review for any product i have purchased here before .
it is very slow and has flare ,  particularly when using flash .
it doesn t smell bad at all ,  you can breath .
i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set .
so i went to look for a num_num foot length of the same brand ,  same model  as it were  .
it s a shame as i never had an unpleasant experience with amazon before .
you can see that other reviewers here an amazon were too .
i still have units well over num_num years working fine . bad qc really doesnt fly with me .
i bought num_num num_num feet cables back in april .
if i got a smaller cup size it might ve fit better .
it runs very small and is very flimsy .
this makes the case almost useless . charging is just as quick as with the iphone wall charger .
it suggests that the owner use a vacuum to clean the product .
okay ,  so i put it on the charger and it charges to %
these are very poor quality for the price .
i left it in for num_num hours ,  then washed it out and conditioned it .
i followed the directions enclosed with this machine and found that it produced a weak ,  pallid cup of coffee .
however ,  this size is just too small and almost immediately snap in half .
i will buy other brands in the future .
i tried these for the first time last night .
i bought some before and they actually helped but these did not .
it was a pain to store and a pain to fit it on and a pain to clean .
usually i agree with other s reviews on products ,  but not these date crumbles .
and the buttons are more difficult to press and it is not musical .
go to a retail store and buy the bigger and less cheap looking one .
the eye covers rest against the eyes and light is not blocked well .
this product could have been a lot better if not for the burning sensation .
i am a celiac as well but i will find an alternative crust or not eat pizza .
i wonder why they made it like that .
being that this is a num_extend product ,  i was expecting better quality .
also ,  the fabric is not very breathable and has a slight scratchiness to it .
the plug doesn t make good contact in charge mode .
i guess i didn t understand what it was all about when i bought it .
i dont expect this to last me more than num_num months tops .
if you can tell the difference ,  it s not a good headset !  back to plantronics for me .
i was hoping with the top heavy positive reviews ,  it would be a shoo in .
its not made from sugar and no it doesnt taste like sugar .
the colors aren t vivid enough to really stand out from the black background .
i guess it s for checking temperatures of foods once out of the oven .
i have had to purchase a new num_num at $ a pop .
i purchased the itrip hoping to use it in my car .
the problem is it is stiff as a board in back .
i ve bought it for passat and it not quite working .
although it claims to not be greasy ,  it is really greasy .
the room must be absolutely quiet for anyone to barely hear it .
i returned it for a refund and will have to look aroung elsewhere .
like many other reviewers said ,  it s instant coffee in a little plastic cup .
you can t tell from the pictures ,  but the clips aren t  clips  .
it is smaller than expected ,  and the material feels cheap ,  not soft .
between num_extend and num_extend i thought i could get at least % extra time .
i sent for a replacement ,  which did not go over too well ,  either .  .  . so ,  sending both back for full refund .
but i have only had it a couple of months and it s already rusting .
it has a smokey ,  burnt flavor to me that tastes like coffee that s been sitting out for hours .
i have not had any issues with my new mirror .
really wanted to like this but it has no taste .
too bad ,  since it does clean pretty well .
this cost way too much for the quality .
it has no night vision capability beyond two small torches .
yes ,  i agree the dog is cute ,  but it s probably the only thing this toy has going for it .
in this summer heat ,  moisture stripping is not what i need .
there are better cases for the money or a little bit more .
product gave no connection ,  charge cable wouldn t fit in the back .
this phone is awful !  don t waste your money !  .
this thing is hard to grip food without it sliding off easily .
this thing didn t even last a week before it stopped working .
from the antenna plus this num_num feet cable ,  there is num_num feet of cable .
i was recently on vacation and used my phone all day for directions ,  bus schedules ,  etc .
the ear buds did not fit into my ears ,  so i would not recommend buying them .
first the usb port wiggled back and forth .  ,  .
i returned the recorder and got a replacement one in about num_num days .
but the handle on this product is too short; i feel as if i m using a child s measuring cup .
i went back to my old bluetooth that this was supposed to replace .
or drop the price by way more than half .
i never had a mechanical problem and my first couple of months with the product were uneventful .
the advertising says that you could use it to clean your dog .
the screen protectors are too big for the iphone num_num glass .
unfortunately when we raked it up for spring they re baaaack !  .
my morning routine ,  like most people ,  usually starts with looking for a cup of coffee .
i used to buy these all the time .
anyways i m gonna try it and see how it works then ill write another review on it .
for the price ,  i d say it s an ok cologne .
it s big ,  bulky ,  and takes a long time to dry vs .
the bottom sticks out like an a designed skirt .
i tried it and i don t care for it .
so i bought this and i don t see any difference .
bottom line ,  the coffee is great ,  but this is too irritating .
fortunately they were on sale for a great price so i don t feel bad wasting the money .
the cobraco num_extend expandable window planter is very small .
could be me ,  but i just don t care for it .
i have attempted both pancakes and waffles with this mix .
perhaps it works for some people ,  just not for me .
he was so excited to get this as a gift and it broke ,  literally ,  after one use .
very cheap thing in terms of material and shape .
just leave a note as a comment to this review .
overall ,  it s not worth the price if you re buying it yourself .
however ,  it is poorly constructedout of a lot of plastic .
after cutting myself many times attempting to slice onions or tomatoes ,  i thought this would help .
it was compatible with my cosmetics ,  and i didn t experience any irritation .
not a bad bag for what it is .
that would equate to $ compared to this bottle by nature made .
i wish i would have never bought this but hopefully i get a new one soon .
i am not sure i would order this product again .
these are cheap ,  generic ,  belts that are stamped  flexalist  and  pan type num_extend
i had to buy another orion ez finder deluxe .
next time ill spend a few bucks more .
i ve used this num_extend and each time i charged the unit fully .
what do you expect ?  it is plastic !  good intentions but poor construction !  .
maybe i got a lemon ,  but i decided to buy a bosch compact mixer instead for my bread making .
the sent me a replacement piece for the metal base that the bowl nestles into .
what you may not know about this item is that its num_num pieces .
even after breaking in ,  i find the sound on these headphones very harsh and unpleasant .
i gave it num_num stars for the straps .
it is also needed for large pieces of meat like an entire chicken ,  cut in half ,  or baking .
i had been covering my cup with saran ,  so i jumped at this cup with lid .
if you had those dietary restrictions ,  you would probably think these were pretty yummy .
i wear size num_num but it clearly is too big for me .
the next thing you notice on the package is that the vanilla is  naturally and artificially  flavored .
i have a netgear num_extend num_extend usb adapter sitting next to the num_extend adapter .
even if it fits your head ok ,  that might be enough of an annoyance not to bother .
this isn t like other cuisinart products i ve owned .
it wasn t always handy to have a timer near us .
even though it was only a few bucks ,  i wish i wouldn t have wasted my money .
i just don t understand why a product such as this even exists .
so now i m going to have to unreel the cord before i use it anyway .
finally ,  i ordered this shampoo based on the reviews i read .
luckily i am not using them for baking or cooking or they d be in the garbage already !  .
as music is playing ,  it s not too bad ,  but between songs or during quiet parts ,  it s very annoying .
i never really used the product because it didnt fit the phone that well with the phone case on .
i ll be buying this watch again but from a different merchant .
it squishes down to a small fraction of an inch thickness .
i had no problems with other vivite cleansing products .
i wished this would have worked ,  need the extra battery life .
i ended up just using it to clean my bath tub after i took a bath .
i wanted to switch to a case with a holster .
a difficult to use ,  difficult to type phone that drops calls frequently .
i would like a replacement ,  or a refund .
this charger is not the most reliable in terms of performance .
this did not work out for me as expected .
the fabric is thinner than i like and tends to pill .
i have large ears ,  so maybe i should have expected headphones designed like this to probably not fit .
bought another battery thinking it was probably just old ,  still didn t work .
normally ,  when i program the timer ,  i give myself num_num minutes before and after the program s time .
do yourself a favor and try something else .
just spend the money and get a piece of gear that will last years and not months or weeks .
anything over this price is simply a waste of money .
option to mount the device higher or lower by turning the mount num_num degrees .
it is outrageously costly for such a cheap and flimsy product .
i decided to try this product and was optimistic ,  but unfortunately disappointed .
that said ,  recoton at a low $ price should be fine .
it happened while i was listening to a recorded book from my ipad .
within num_num days i need to do a full water change .
the average cup of coffee is around num_extend
this presents the problem of the coffee cooling as you transfer it from the bodum press to another container .
in less than num_num months the battery packs on both of our machines wouldn t charge more than about %
okay ,  i ll tell you one things i didn t like about it .
most of the time the lids get stuck and you cannot turn them at all .
it was broken ,  and i was very upset about it .
meaning if you don t own an android phone ,  this feature is not accessible .
i d almost rather replace the microwave than spend another $ on this .
it is on the sour side and leaves a slight unpleasant aftertaste .
the included adapter only works as a charger .
the sound is ok when these problems aren t in effect .
i mean seems like a good buy ,  easy to make and no hassle cleanup ,  right ? wrong ! this stuff is so gross .
i was pretty excited to try out this product .
i hate to  ,  but i returned this item  hard to believe all the great reviews on this pot  .
this may be a good compressor to leave in the car for emergencies but there are better choices .
i had problems with this a week or three after i started using it .
they can t tell what they sound like so they sound a little strange .
besides the time and cost associated with that .  .  . i must pay $ for the cost of their replacing it .
after a few uses it doesn t look clean .
this isn t a bad product ,  it just isn t what i expected .
the phone was too big when i put it in my pocket and could battery use a cover .
i used this product to slice colby cheese five to six times a week .
it is hard to rub into your skin .
obviously costing more does not equate to tasting better .
just be warned for any other persons interested in using this product .
i can t even begin to describe how cheaply made this was .
i m not saying don t buy it but i won t get it a second time .
their reasoning was that it was heavily scratched .
i don t think i will buy it again .
older tea does not become rancid ,  but taste and aroma diminish as packaged tea ages .
i am skeptical about it charging with my charger as i never get the proper indications on my charger .
i had to buy regular throw away batteries .
you are better off paying the money for a outter box .
as others have said ,  it is very stiff ,  which does get better with wear .
they look gorgeous online but when you see them up close they look very cheap .
you get what you pay for ,  and these are cheap junk .
sadly it lasted for about num_num months of daily used before it failed .
this made it difficult to mix in the liquid ingredients .
my num_num now wears these just after two washes .
it s also difficult to apply ,  and can look streaky if you re not careful .
i don t see any difference after using these .
like substantial holes right through them so that i could feel my heel was rubbing my shoes .
i have been using it for over num_num yrs .
save your money and invest in a better juicer .
i don t typically review products but in this instance i had to .
it looks refurbished or something ,  but it wont hold a charge .
the main problem is with the quantity of coffee you are grinding .
the remote has a power button which does not truely power off the unit .
i jams and makes everything take a lot longer to chop . use a knife or invest in a food processor .
i ve read all these reviews good and bad on this lens and i was hoping for the best .
it was so cheap ,  i didn t bother with returning it .
on extended batteries takes more than num_num hours to charge one battery .
and i usually do not leave product reviews .
after ordering num_num sets and both coming broken i realize i will not get one that is not broken .
the phone is capable of num_extend but virgin mobile isn t .
on one the battery read num_extend ah ,  or only % of its rated num_extend ah .
i ve already purchased another standard cord to replace it .
that earpiece would not stay in my ear .
look elsewhere if you re looking for quality made blackberry case .
let me state upfront that i have no problems with the product doing what it claims to do .
a hard plastic disc is molded on to the handle to serve as  i think  overstrike protection .
it was too sweet ,  and not spicy enough .
this didn t charge my phone more than %
so ,  i don t think that i ll use it all the time .
its fine as a mouse but the num_num buttons on either side are way too easy to hit accidentally .
first of all ,  i paid num_num cents for num_num of these .
when audio is coming in  ,  but can t use it for phone calls without bothering my interlocutor .
after trying multiple batteries and reading what little instructions there were ,  i had to return this unit .
the reason i bought it was because it took num_extend aa batteries .
i ve seen this vacuum advertised for almost $
i suspect they expect it to wear out so you buy another .
it s really a shame because it was such a cute design .
i can find softer material to use on my car at a num_num cents store .
whatever ,  i would not buy this item again if i am looking for some targets to have fun .
if you are wanting a noisy heater get this .
the cable went bad after num_num weeks of use ,  thank god i had an extra cable .
i need to sharpen it after every use .
why shave with this blade when you dont have to anymore ,  when theires better blades on the market .
i have not had my phone even a year yet and the case for even less .
when i plugged it into my iphone ,  the end fell apart .
which is too bad because when it did work ,  this thing was a godsend ,  cleaning easily and conveniently .
guess it is only for num_extend spl ,  num_extend and alike .
after connecting as a headset ,  i hear odd beeps about every num_num seconds .
it is not worth the amount of money i paid .
its cheap and ya pay for what you get .
until then i really wouldn t recommend this machine to anyone .
first ,  the handle doesn t collapse so forget about storing it easily .
it looks like a pretty good product ,  but when i went to set it up ,  nope ,  couldnt connect .
it is also a little hard to line up the cans correctly in order to start opening .
i just put a few cookies on it and stick it in the toaster oven at num_num degree .
all of this means that i can not cut as efficiently as with my other knives .
althouh i love senseo coffees for the most part ,  i didn t care for this one at all .
i am using this for an ipod num_extend and the thing barely stays attached .
i think they are old used batteries that may have a little juice left in them .
i m not sure if i would recommend this product ,  or this line of products .
finally ,  there is a tip for nokia num_extend series ,  num_extend num_extend num_extend num_extend
it s call skin md and can be purchased here on amazon or elsewhere .
while it worked ,  it worked great .  .  . but the plastic is not durable . product fail .
i was disapointed when i tried it on .
i checked to make sure the battery was placed properly  it was  ,  reinserted several times ,  but to no avail .
i am not sure if i bought the right size even .
i find it quite sad and i would never buy this product this again .
i had this toaster for num_num years now and the results are not very impressive .
glad we didn t waste our money on it ,  instead it was a gift .
the case didnt fit my iphone num_extend easily .
the internet does not look as good as it does on an ipod touch or an iphone .
this case was way too big and bulky .
i have several individual colors and they are great but this palette is dull .
it turned on and i saw it was at % battery .
you apparently can drink it hot or cold ,  and i tried hot .
anything you try to cook in it will scorch unless you watch it like a hawk .
the instructions are unclear and don t match up with what is displayed on your computer screen .
this can make the coffee either a bit more bitter than it needs to be or a bit weak .
i have purchased a braun food processor ,  and am done with cuisinart .
i really didn t care about the price that much ,  since it is still a relatively small amout of cash .
measures num_extend tall x num_extend diameter and num_num pounds .
tool feels sturdy and like it would help ,  but ended up being a useless tool in the arsenal .
i have other dhcp devices that work finewith it ,  but this thing doesn t want to work .
which ,  ironically ,  i bought to prevent my nails from peeling .
first of all the shipping cost will either be higher then the item or same price .
save your money and buy something that works better .
i bought it for him when he was num_num mos  he is now num_extend
unfortunately i can t say that it doesn t work ,  since my other devices can work with it .
the materials and design are not nearly as durable as the ones that come with your phone .
the pan has good size  only num_extend foot print  but very thin .
so maybe this was just the wrong coffee for me .
the num_extend oz bag contained num_num pieces of candy in strawberry ,  lemon ,  orange and raspberry flavors .
the rubbery material the case is made out of has started to deteriorate .
fine small kettle ,  but the handle gets very hot ,  too hot to handle and the top doesn t really whistle .
i originally purchased this when i was toilet training my cats  now abandoned and using a litterbox  .
the cut out in the case isn t big enough and my charger pops out .
i ll eventually use it up in the shower but i thought it was a tad drying over all too .
after a couple of years ,  this plastic gear will break .
that s ,  what ,  half the length of a typical bedroom ? overall ,  this is not a good earbud system .
again ,  not terrible ,  but would i buy it again ?  no .
perhaps it works on other surfaces but skip it for wood floors !  .
i tried this for my nails which were splitting .
my dog is only num_num lbs ,  but this small size is way too small .
they are thin though so not good for someone who is not delicate .
i must say you really really don t need this thing at all .
i ordered several num_num paks of these verbatims from amazon .
these were way smaller than they should have been .
since the cost was nearly nil  other than a couple of bucks for shipping  ,  i did not pursue replacement .
but the smell is not i am crazy about .
while you can t expect much for the price ,  this case isn t worth the cost of shipping .
the audio quality wasn t near as good as my experience with the num_extend
it s a thin plastic and the seams are clearly visible and jagged on the outside .
have used other screen protectors and had better luck than with these .
great ,  no telling how long that will take .
i would say these are not worth the price .
i tired of having to buy prepackaged filters ,  so i ordered a refillable one .
this product is actually a very expensive way because it doesn t necessarily do anything for the price .
takes no effort at all to use one .
`it comes with a horrible cloth to clean your screens with before you apply the screen protectors .
the weakness of this belt is the leather covering around the buckle .
i am waiting for the delivery of the replacement battery . another addition to my review .
the plastic screen caused the keys to not be touched .
i changed the batteries and it remained the same .
while this may seems like a smart way to have the headphones work ,  its not .
it fades out the moment you apply it .
doesn t get hot enough to do any real cooking .
it emits a red light that can either blink or remain static .
you may as well just use your measuring spoons .
the jury is still out on this one .  .  . image quality is not really where i expected it to be .
would not buy again ,  although i m sure it serves it s purpose .
it would be wiser to get your iron from your food ,  especially if you are pregnant or nursing .
it did seem to have a slight vanilla flavor ,  but nothing like i would have expected or preferred .
i had trouble operating the operating valve and getting it to work correctly .
i was excited to receive these ,  but within num_num months they were not working well .
customer service was responsive ,  asked me to sen it back to amazon .
a worthy experiment ,  but it didn t work out for me .
the charger may be real samsung but the holograms was missing .
this one was a little squishy and did not have the precision that i liked from my old one .
it appeared to be a defective product and not a shipping problem as the cups were well packaged .
and ,  i think ,  for the price ,  you aren t getting anywhere near enough product .
the weak magnet on the back is affixed off center .
i could not figure what i was suppose to do .
i would not waist the money on this unless u find it at a yardsale .
the product that i received did not match what i saw at the store .
this thing broke on me after about the num_extend time i took it off .
i didn t realize when i ordered it ,  but it is not your standard ethernet cable .
i bought this product from another vendor on amazon about num_num years ago .
and ripped on pieces  ,  don t wasted on this product .
when it is connected i am having problems with people being able to hear me .
they sent me a coupon for a free filter if i bought one .
the case itself looked like it would ve provided adequate protection ,  had it fit .
i do not recommend this product if you want something reliable .
my camera s download cable worked ok ,  but i didn t buy the hub just to plug one device in .
i ran it with just plain water to see if it would leak and at first it didn t .
it is nothing like the original norpro timers from the early num_extend which is where my timer came from .
i ordered a bunch before and they seemed to be a better batch .
just a little hint for those who have the same problem .
coffee leaks out of the top from under the black ring in the lid whenever i pour .
it s not terrible ,  but i won t be buying it again now that i see what the difference is .
doesn t seem as sharp as the messermeister peeler ,  but sharp enough to peel carrots ,  potatoes ,  apples ,  etc .
i was able to get num_num days out of this case before it broke .
the phone won t go into the mount with a bumper on it .
price was half of what it goes for locally .
but shame on amazon for the extreme overpricing of this item .
after much consideration and reading reviews ,  i hesitatingly bought this unit due to mostly num_num star reviews .
also ,  the handle arrangement is awkward and once again ,  does not feel secure in the hand .
during that time i ve had it ,  i would have to reinstall the logic center software and drivers .
the covers are ok for the price ,  but not sure they will last too long .
the main objective of a bluetooth headset is to eliminate the  clutter  that comes out of wires .
the big issue with battery is the back case won t stay on .
and we don t have a dishwasher so it can t be blamed on that machine .
i plugged my phone in and could drive knowing it was charging .
z ,  this is not the case . when i got my package of mr .
i ordered a pair of black num_num levi s from this seller .
the plastic bottle has a capacity of approximately num_num fluid ounces .
i have a cover on my phone and it has to be removed before i can plug this in .
it is not a filter ,  but just a device to keep the grounds out of your coffee .
i was hoping for better results from this product .
i ordered screen protectors from crazyondigital for my htc evo num_extend lte .
this is chintsy and should not cost more than $
i am just glad i paid under $ for these .
it took me num_num days to get it working with a sony vaio .
cheaper drug store brands seem better to me than this .
in num_num days ,  i ve repaired it num_num times at least .
tried purchasing two different styles of num_extend gen accessory .
i didn t feel that this was a very sturdy product .
i bought num_num of these for my girls .
i didn t even use it that many times .
this falls short ,  although it s one of the best ones i ve tried .
this one ,  though the same model has a substantially thinner ,  duller blade .
i have had this set out for about two weeks .
they are lovely to look at but miserably uncomfortable to get on .
there are much better bluetooth offerings out there .
however ,  it did have a tendency to leak if the carafe wasn t lined up properly .
its too bulky and the fabric and filler are just not comfortable .
this pot is not heavy duty enough for thick soups ,  and stews in such large quantities .
it usually comes out in about num_num or num_num sections .
i rebooted once and had to reinstall everything .
i have to say that that i was not expecting much from this .
not sure if i will end up using it .
trying to return it is also a hassle .
so ,  i returned it and got my num_extend unit .
i guess i will try that one when this bottle is finished .
it s simple enough to use and only slightly painful ,  but such a huge waste of money .
i have no use for the pieces of plastic .
less than a year ago ,  i thought it would be nice to get the larger size .
after the gadgeteer does a review ,  i might be ordering that unit .
spend a little more for a better brand .
i m glad we can return it for a refund .
please don t learn the hard way like i did .
i was really excited to get this product .
my complaint about this is that it is virtually impossible to clean if you do not have a dishwasher .
you might buy this and not have any problems at all .
think i ll be going back to on or dymatize despite them being a bit more expensive .
although i use this product ,  in part to absorb oil ,  i frequently forget to use it .
the sound is ok but nothing to rave about .
it was what was suggested when i bought my grooming table on amazon .
static takes overwould not recommend .  . if you want something reliable and good buy other headphones .
sorry ,  but there was nothing i liked about this product .
it worked for about num_num min ,  and stopped .
i haven t tried it in my ipad yet ,  but if there is an issue ,  i will update this .
it s not too much better but at least i didn t have to file it down to make it work .
it is hard to put the phone into the plastic case once it s in the rubber one .
so you get what you pay for and i m gonna replace it with something better .
in a nutshell ,  this is not an oem charger .
when i opened up the box ,  i was curious what the questions would be like .
simple to hold for kids ,  no sharp edges other than the fork points ,  and no fancy ,  pertruding designs .
this product did not work for me ,  it may work for you .
there are other toys available that are way better then this one .
i think it s because there are too many options settings available to the hand held remote .
i was able to use it only twice .
i have gotten about num_num uses out of it . it has stopped charging however .
old  ,  the camera angles and graphics would be better than the game on the num_extend num_extend
slight emphasis on the low end but its not too bad .
well ,  i didn t read enough of these reviews before purchasing this .
the only good thing about this sipper cup is the plastic cover .
soon as you spray it ,  you ve got color !  !  the fumes arent harsh but it still kinda stinks .
it s cheap ,  and it s cheap for a reason .
the cable arrived on time and in good condition ,  but it is not a cat num_extend cable as advertised .
took as described ,  but can t say it did much .
this product was not especially useful to me .
may work for some but has not worked for me . capt tom .
i ve charged my battery a few times since i received this and it makes no difference .
they look the same  colour ,  material ,  size  but the only thing that has stayed the same are the colours .
because it s a liquid ,  it s difficult to apply evenly to your skin and tell where it s going .
the corded model may be great ,  but the cordless model is awful .
wasn t what i thought it would be ,  didn t really like it .
product was no as expected ,  basically trash ,  but i guess i got what i paid for .
i need a hearing aid to hear this in the other room .
it may have num_num grams of protein ,  but num_num calories aren t going to sustain you for long ,  regardless .
i switch back the to switch and  no problem  .
i had purchased similar cutting boards in the past .
these are not as good as the original product .
this is made out of very cheap plastic .
there are too many others that taste a lot better and work better than this stuff ever could .
so far this is the only of the num_num pairs which i commonly need a belt to keep up .
i ordered num_num of these for my family to put in their cars .
i was looking for something more substantial .  .  . wider and thicker .
i read the dimensions ,  but the baby is just so much smaller than i anticipated .
i gave these to my boyfriend for christmas .
read thru the reviews if you re thinking of buying this and see if others have had similar issues .
several times buttons were pushed when i had this in my pocket .
the sound quality seems poor ,  compared with other bt devices i have .
this one was a little more powerful than others i ve tried but not much .
i m changing my review from num_num stars to num_num star .
wtf !  the sound quality is so cheap !  there s almost no distortion ,  but also no bass ,  or treble .
i have just returned the second unit for a refund .
this is not a kit ,  it is fully assembled when it arrives .
this is the num_extend rio product in my household .
i thought i would like using it to heat water for tea .
seems like it should last longer than that .
this toy seems to be a good idea ,  but doesn t perform .
i suppose i got what i paid for but it is disappointing .
this product should be refined to better quality .
you really don t get very much for the cost you pay .
so laying your phone flat on it s face is rarely an issue .
numerous small radios that you must listen thru earpieces and not thru speakers .
so ,  this stuff does do something ,  but it s hard to quantify it as good or bad .
it is not as comfortable or well fitting as i expected it to be .
it was fairly easy to see how to reattach them ,  but awkward for large hands .
i had my doubts when i bought it since it s a slip on .
i wanted to be able to freeze waffles and warm them up in the toaster .
i read great reviews on it ,  but i guess it s just not for me .
only problem with it is that it s slightly bigger and doesn t fit well in my small washer .
during that time all i get is static noise in the headphones .
i m not sure why this litter has so many positive reviews .
i thought it was a bad piece ,  and returned it to the store ,  and got a replacement .
i wish i had read all the reviews before i bought this .
my opinions; these shouldn t be priced any more than $ that s all they re worth .
this pillow is a little too firm for me .
i ll just buy a better one  different brand  next time .
it was like it was just plain missing it s flavors .
it doesn t hold up to simple dropping and handling .
it is not a long cord so don t plan on plugging it in anyplace but the front dash .
i can get better cases for less money .
i then  steam fried  the eggs for another num_num minutes or so ,  watching the yolks through the glass top .
i would not but from this seller again .
so ,  i placed the order and received my normal amazon notice that it had been shipped .
out of the package ,  material feels thick ,  like a tent wih a slick coating .
they are just too thin for outside wear .
not only that ,  but the batteries die out quickly .
it s not comfortable and tight  one size does not fit all and i m a small woman .
i used to buy this and use it without lucky .
let me just say this it wasn t !  the size didn t bother me .
the light is low quality and not bright .
but i have to admit ,  i didn t care for this product .
the gears hold together all right ,  but the blades are not sharp enough to do anything .
when this package arrived it was very small .
then you have to press another area to get a touch screen numeral pad .
i sold it at a yard sale for half what i paid for it after only num_num months .
i should have paid more attention to the size .
if you re going to make a cake ,  use pamela s baking mix .
when we took it out of the box ,  it was an open package and looked used .
you ll do much better to get a rechargeable one .
the aluminum metal is thin and will break after several hours of use .
case wasn t very secure on the phone either ,  i didn t trust it .
i wish it was more than silent than sorobotically loud .
it takes num_num tablespoons in milk to make an num_num oz .
it burned my skin and caused rashing and skin peeling .
i did not have the problem with the handle getting hot .
i don t recommend this ones ,  because it doesn t give a good volume on your receiver .
and lastly ,  the cost of the accessories out weighs the cost of getting another otterbox from amazon .
i m going to start looking for a better device .
spend the extra money and buy something better .
i will just use this cloth to clean my computer screens .
this thing didn t do anything to me but ,  as you know ,  people react differently to the same product .
i tried opening them up and rubbing most of the seasoning off before baking them in the oven .
that s not the case here . the box includes two screen protectors and templates .
but when i got it it just didn t feel right in my hand .
only reason i ordered it was because my family likes the small hole waffles better than belgium waffles .
i just needed a simple case for my iphone num_extend
plugged into the car charger ,  then into my daughter s ipod touch .
i guess it s working for others .  .  . but just not for me .
i was looking for a small and efficient vacuum for our num_num sf townhouse with hardwood floors .
the problem is that although i ordered my normal size they are cut slightly ,  bot noticeably ,  too small .
if it were more durable ,  i d likely use it .
they sent us a replacement ,  requesting that we return the broken blade .
i could still ping ip addresses ,  my network was working .
no more . update :  despite my objections ,  i decided to order another pair of these .
i used it to thin many of my nail polish and at a glance ,  it seemed to work .
after a day or so ,  it wasn t cleaning very well .
this was the first product to pop up ,  had decent reviews ,  and was cheap .
so if you need a longer cord ,  or lose their cord ,  you re out of luck .
it wasn t horrible ,  just a little unpleasant ,  and the original flavor couldn t compensate .
i haven t seen any improvements in my fine lines for the month i ve been using it .
it s functional enough that i won t bother replacing it ,  but i probably would not buy it again .
the manufacture had left a very thick piece of sharp plastic on one of the teeth .
im glad i tried a smaller amout before purchasing a larger quantity .
don t waste your money ,  they are cheap and work cheap .
if you need an emergency kit .  .  .  . keep looking or make your own with better quality parts .
weird . it isn t very expensive so ,  no huge loss .
also this item so tooo expensive for it not to work .
i put the batteries in the charger and after about num_num minutes it indicates the batteries are charged .
also note that i will be sending you out a replacement .
i ve never had a problem with cracked eggs before ,  but since using this gizmo :  i get cracked eggs .
mostly this has very little ability to increase sound .
it worked for about a month ,  then stopped working for some reason .
i haven t used it and it s still in its packaging .
i am glad i did not spend too much on these .
the build quality leaves something to be desired .
even in the daytime ,  it seems kind of like it is still dark .
the leather is not of great quality for the steep price .
i was looking forward to trying this because i had read some great stuff about it .
there is background hiss of significant and distracting levels from the cheap amp on these headphones .
i can transfer oil in to smaller containers which fit in my kitchen cabinet or my fridge .
ok ,  it s a plastic ,  manual ice cream maker .
i feel like i am scratching my knives if they slide along the edge .
when i put it in my phone and connect the charger it just refuses to take a charge .
i ve been using this router for a couple of years .
i bought num_num pairs of these for back up in the range bag .
we recently tried one of these out at a friends house .
or you would experience a bag of bananas .
granted some won t because bluetooth is inherently buggy technology .   likewise ,  this headset will work with almost any bluetooth phone .
i never had this problem with coffee people and will try them again .
i can only drink this if it s very cold .
the usb connection on the inside came loose .
the kernels are very small ,  much smaller than movie theater popcorn .
it was cheap so i gave it a try .
i tried it again this time ,  and same thing .
this seemed to be the coffee maker to have so i bought a $ coffeemaker .
i did get some color from this ,  but not enough to repurchase .
one flaw in the system is the battery life .
larger sized earbuds are included  loose inside package ,  so don t lose them  .
the unit behaves as if i m adjusting the volume or pressing rw .
if i could give this num_extend i would .
i have foolishly bought about num_num of these ,  at various times .
hyperion and protek make a replacement num_extend with jst connector .
this should draw little power and i would expect to last years and years on a battery .
in my opinion this color is not what i expected .
i wish i would have gotten the sirf tech and something with better battery usage .
it has buttons to control the music volume and skipping songs .
i didn t have heartburn with this coffee but i didn t like the flavor .
i need my coffee to actually possess the flavor of coffee ,  this does not .
i wouldn t buy it again ,  it s just a small thing that s not really that exciting .
only time will tell how long they last .
in that period ,  i used it in my camera .
these are poor quality gloves and ,  beware ,  if you are allergic to latex .
talking about the few melodies in this game ,  i think they re ok .
i ve never seen my skin do this before .
i am going to try the other type of bowl with num_num prongs .
the large glasses are ridiculously large so they are not functional .
i have been trying this pawz for a week .
spend the money and get a higher quality cutter .
i only bought this screen replacement so i can fix my iphone num_extend with a broken screen .
not sure what else there is to say about it .
so ,  my advice to you :  save yourself the disappointment and go buy one of those .
it s just a gimmick that looks neat but serves no real purpose .
compared to my much cheaper motorola stereo bluetooth headphones num_extend these simply do not work .
i returned it and am considering buying another one to see if i get lucky .
i bought them because they were cheaper than the chicken ones at the time .
it is by no means a bad product ,  just not as fun as the original .
it would heat up even when it was off ,  which i don t understand .
i was all ready to buy this game but after reading the reviews iam glad i didnt .
very disappointing for an appliance that is supposed to have a good reputation .
this battery is supposed to have nearly double the capacity of the oem .
i thought this was really white and it s not .
yes it scratched and left marks ,  but i m not too surprised that it did .
last but not least ,  this $ is expensive to maintain !  .
there is no wall plug for this gadget .
it s thin ,  cheap ,  worthless crap and i m being kind in my review of this item .
the size is too small for shoe size num_extend
it also was not as shiny or healthy looking .
the ends on this cord didn t fit into my phone .
mine worked ok the first year but not for all the trouble and expense to maintain .
this item has rough edges and broke when i tried to put it on my phone .
i bought this as a replacement but it didn t fit my iphone num_extend at all .
if you connect two devices ,  the sound clips in and out .
the last time i was at my mom s she had just bought one of these .
they are not  crisp  ,  they are somewhat chewy with ok flavor .
ok this bag is small ,  i knew that before i bought it .
since i bought a num_num pack , i am trying to figure out what to do with these .
$ may not buy you the best ,  maybe just the smallest .
i saw this listed as purchased items to review .
they are not as thin and easy to apply as others i ve used in the past .
it may be a great accessory ,  but my experience was not so great .
this is a dangerous tool ,  and without the legs it just feels a lot more dangerous .
it does absorb a little bit ,  but not much .
i have no other complaints with them other than this .
thought i was at least getting one more figure for that price .
i guess it might ve held up if it wasn t all twisted up and bent ,  but i won t ever know .
they are really small and difficult to hang onto .
bought a canister vacuum with dust bag instead .
it s too bad to because they really pumped out some good heat on high .
this thing is tiny but its loud as hell .
this product was too good to be wasted .
i guess i just expected more from it .
this does not froth milk at all and trust me ,  i followed the instructions .
i will not buy it again when it breaks and don t recommend you buy it now .
i bought a tube that was num_extend for num_extend on amazon .
they don t come close to the sound and noise canceling quality of the bose so know that going in .
is on its way back to amazon ,  and not for replacement !  i will purchase another make .
i recently ordered this adapter to replace my lost one .
i play my num_extend every day ,  and this thing hasn t been turned on in three months now .
mess with the switch ,  light comes back on a couple of minutes ,  then off .
i have had other low end systems with better functionality and more powerful alarm sound .
i sharpened it ,  which improved its performance ,  but it could still not make a clean cut .
so then i had to use the knife .
i am a slender ,  petite body type  more like a teens body  and these just hung on me .
this product promises much but in my opinion delivers little .
these are flimsy ,  falls out of glass ,  easily breaks .
i should have spent a few more dollars finding a better version .
there are better glasses to be had out there ,  even if they are a bit more expensive .
i ordered this hoping all the rave reviews would be my experience vs .
very disappointing .  .  . i ordered this to be a santa gift for my num_num year old .
i rarely use them since i use headphones most on the go .
the size was small but for the price was ok .
they offer to give me $ towards the purchase of a more expensive set of headphones .
this grinder was a gift so i didn t feel i could return it .
don t buy this battery did not last num_num hour .
unfortunately i was disappointed by sound reproduction of theses headphones .
it s not very cheesy and there s no real bacon flavor .
it does last a very long time but what s the use .
so to me ,  something is fishy here that the price went up over % in two months .
it doesn t have the crumbly texture i expect from graham crackers .
if you re going to spend that much money ,  you might as well just buy real fruit juice .
tried different grinding and coffee ,  but get the same results .
dry fingers don t leave finger prints on the glass screen ,  but do leave them on the screen protector .
the product says for samsung galaxy s and the galaxy s battery is not that big .
so ,  i m out to buy a new one ,  but it won t be another holmes ,  that s for sure .
they are really too big and too heavy to use .
left on a cast iron skillet i had preheated on high .
the only nice thing abt this product is the hand grips .
now that the machine hasn t been cleaned properly for a few months the coffee doesn t taste that good .
i m just wondering how long they are going to last .
unfortunately i wonder if i got what i paid for .
just very cheaply made and thats what i expected for the money .
the cord is also very short to be pulling aroound .
i wouldn t recommend this product and i won t purchase it again .
around year num_num or so ,  i accidentally snapped the cable of my num_extend and bought another set of them .
also ,  when applying to the hair ,  the hair would get caught up .
it really is difficult to remove as it was so tight .
not worth all the money and time i have spent .
it was not worth the money i spent .
i originally bought the num_num  at costco  because my num_extend fritzed out .
the usb cord has too much wiggle and not a great fit .
is probably good for some people ,  bit it did not work at all for me .
if the price was $ i would do with what i had .
they promptly sent me another one as replacement .
i was expecting a large variety of colors instead of just a large amount of the same colors .
the one where the mute switch is ,  is the same way .
i really should have looked at the amazon reviews before i bought it .
i don t have to do that with plain regular detergent .
i purchased the motorola num_extend in january num_extend
i thought the price was good but since it didn t last very long ,  i would not recommend it .
when i opened the bottle ,  i got an unpleasant surprise .
i was extremely disappointed because this product was pricey .
i don t think they are a bad product ,  they just weren t for me .
not very good . cheap ,  yes . but takes a long time to charge . it says o . e . m .
i m still searching for comfortable noise cancelling headphones for less than $ that work .
everything sounds muted ,  the highs don t extend very far ,  the lows are almost non existent .
although the midrange and higher sounds ok ,  it s nothing to write home about .
it folds up ,  so when you unfold the back ,  it s like a collapsible chair that doesn t stay stationary .
it just has a serious design defect and output issues .
i must of not read the full description of this product before i bought it .
small some how ends up being num_num inches .
sound is muffled and distorted and others say i sound that way as well .
i bought this case sight unseen and was quite disappointed when it arrived .
well ,  i ve not noticed a huge difference in eye puffiness when i use this product .
ok really ,  you can hear it ,  but imagine a phone with no speaker outlet .
i purchased this vacuum about a year ago and it stopped working num_num months ago .
so i do not subject buying this product .
i m just thankful for amazon s great customer support and gracious return policy . shame on you targus ,  shame on you !  .
this yuban breakfast blend coffee was not very good .
i just cannot come to terms with these massive looking bt headphones on my head and ears at work .
what a disappointment .  .  . i have an older canon num_extend for business and have always liked it .
everything s a bit  too  long ,  and  too  heavy ,  etc .
not at all the quality i was expecting .
another one is cracked now .  if you re just looking for a cheap coat rack ,  this might be good enough .
i know they were only $ but they are poor quality .
the cover doesn t fully come up and protect the entire sides of my phone .
skip these .  .  . there are better products out there !  i plan to get the sony ericsson bluetooth ear buds .
i can t say i gave this a real chance ,  but i should have taken the reviews more seriously .
the picture shows a circular sharpener which is why i purchased it .
i realized it was happening a few days after i would wear this product .
from the picture ,  i thought this would work but it is a very shallow pan and i returned it .
and the prices it too much for the size .
but for $ it does not really matter .
in addition ,  i have to wash my hands with another soap to get the cleanser off .
it s so short that i can t even tuck it in .
i bought it on amazon and played it for about num_num minutes before checking out the wrestler creation .
disclosure :  i use this with a nokia num_extend and have not tested it with other phone models .   .
i have seen other reviews about this but here s mine :  this a complete disappointment for me .
after having a panasonic for the past num_num years ,  i found this vacuum to be awkard and clunky .
its vacuum is just not as good as it is made out to be .
i m not near a electrical outlet most of the time so i decided to give this battery a shot .
i can t see why this would get any good reviews .
this item is cheap and not true to size .
so ,  take that num_num times a day and you get .
sure it will protect your screen from scratches .  .  .  . it could no nothing else .
the price your paying for this makes it a bigger rip off .
instead of light and translucent it was white and cakey .
these applied fine on my iphone num_extend but only lasted a month before it succumed to scratches .
didn t and don t want to pay for the cord from samsung .
i thought a num_extend bag would last me at least num_extend months .
i have an older pc which came without usb ,  so i added a pci adapter .
i know this was cheap ,  but don t waste your money by buying this .
it s really hard in general and really hard to put on .
i needed this tool set specifically to remove the backing off a watch in order to replace the battery .
i tried it on my face ,  neck ,  bikini area ,  and legs .
there is cheaper stuff that does a much better job !  it s not worth the money !  not for black hair !  .
when first powered up using the accessory outlet adapter ,  the unit ran my num_num watt current draw okay .
but i was not doing anything wrong the product is just bad .
but haven t used it yet either so it may grow on me .
it is about as basic as basic gets .
it was too cheap to hassle with the return .
my car isn t huge ,  but it isn t tiny ,  either .
i would rate it at zero stars but people might think that i simply forgot to rank it .
first impression of the two was  gee ,  these things don t need any air and man are they heavy  .
i grind my own coffee bean using eight o clock french roast .
this is my second iphone and num_extend time putting a screen protector on .
it has a side zipper that would give you the impression that you don t need to tighten the laces .
i ordered them in large ,  and they were entirely too big .
you need the bottom pan filled with boiling water in order to cook with the upper double boiler section .
based on the pic ,  i expected a toy that was a little more compact like a real smart phone .
i have now read the other reviews and have no idea how anyone could give these a positive review .
also ,  it was only $ when we bought it ,  now they have gone up on the price .
the unit could also use a hold button to prevent buttons from being accidently hit and a resume button .
one came broken ,  and the other one didn t fit my iphone num_num as publicized .
this was the first time i tried using this type of  rod  for cleaning .
yes ,  plastic is more sanitary than wood ,  but not once it s knife scarred .
this kit might contain a discontinued num_extend charger and batteries .
the meatloaf isn t bad ,  except for the salt factor .
that one arrived ,  i set it up and tried to make espresso the next morning and .
i cant wear them even for num_num minutes with out paining my ears .
i did not reordered a larger size as i did think the sneakers would be comfortable to wear .
gave it away to someone that seemed to like it fine .
i guess it s not quite the reaction you d expect from this product .
this happened while using the blue case ,  but they re the same exact product .
i looked forward to trying this for pizza crust ,  as it advertises .
based on other reviews ,  i was expecting this to be incredible .
both the system and controllers run on batteries ,  unless you purchase an ac adapter separately . it comes down to this .
this pot might work for you . but if you do ,  this coffemaker will not work for you .
not even at the discount price is this product worth the time ,  effort or shipping .
as others have suggested ,  and as recommended by the maker ,  avoid high heat .
ok ,  so i really wanted to like this product .
don t pay premium price for this inferior headset .
also it gets dirty very easily and is missing one polka dot on the back which drives me crazy .
it went back to amazon the day i received it .
in the future i will pay attention to consumer reports before i purchase a coffee maker .
there are better units available at this price point .
this thing has been cracked and broken so much i won t even attempt to use it anymore .
i have never had a problem with any usb enclosure .
i then tried it in a smaller cup with the same results ,  barely any taste to it .
for $ i expected the product to live up to its billing .
i thought what i ordered was a package of num_num for num_extend
then ,  the seller shipped me a second one .
even if you hold them up to a light source for a while ,  the glow is still very weak .
bought this based on reviews i read here to hook up usb to num_num port kvm .
it works ok as long you you re not using it  i . e .
i would say spend a little more money on something nicer .
but yesterday ,  my wife used it and noticed that something was wrong with the first batch of popcorn .
but whats annoying is some cost a ridicules amount .
cute design but way too small for what i needed .
we returned . the second purchase was at full price from another seller .
plenty of air flow ,  but if you can hear ,  this is not the fan for you .
but at that price ,  you will not return it .
once i received it felt cheap but did protect it somewhat .
worked fine when first installed for several weeks ,  but burned out .
it was cute ,  the quality was not that great .
i do not recommend you buy this if you like a dark robost french roast coffee flavor .
you will feel like its not different from the battery you got when you bought the phone .
this product came with the expiration date mostly rubbed off .
i am very ,  very disappointed with this headset .
it is loose around the edges and it s baggy .
but that really means nothing if the headset can t stay on the head reliably when moving around .
but the button configuration on this thing can be maddening .
you would not want to set your phone on vibrate mode while sitting on this mount .
it s only once in a while ,  but still annoying .
no luck to do so without the assistance of the tool .
the second time i applied it i mixed with apple cider vinegar .
when it suddenly stopped working altogether one day i returned it to get a replacement .
in addition it is too loose and comes off very easily .
in short ,  good for a week or two ,  then it becomes unreliable ,  at least the one i got .
sound quality was still thin ,  but prevailed over the cabin noise due to the noise cancellation feature .
use the money and buy yourself something better .
at the time that i purchased these ,  the set was sold by amazon .
i guess the saying goes  ,  you get what you pay for .
to me ,  it tasted like warm black licorice .
and it sprays when feels like it ,  not when there is motion in front of it .
i purchased num_num sets of these and received them less than num_num weeks ago .
then why all these high reviews ?  most were written by people immediately after buying the case .
also ,  when my dog chewed it the first time ,  it turned the fur around her mouth and paws yellow .
the only reason i had to buy this is my son is such a train freak .
these are not a substitute for veggies as some people reviewing seem to think .
but due to small desk space ,  i wanted to try trackball devices .
the bass is too strong and is not adjustable .
these wear out easily and the top half comes off with no effort at all .
each one made tasty waffles at the start ,  only to quit heating sufficiently after making less than num_num waffles .
i dont know ,  i dont have time to do laundry every couple of days .
it was working fine about a year ago and when i pull it out this time ,  it s not .
with this one ,  the quality just isn t there .
story is exactly the same ,  graphics are same ,  control and sound are carbon copy of original mgs num_extend
came with only one color and not as shown in this picture .
i was really hoping this would be a good set up ,  but it s essentially useless .
i just could not get these to be comfortable on my ears .
these are not samsung ear buds that came in the box with epic num_extend phone .
not really as good as i thought it would be .
i was so excited to finally get these in the mail .
nothing fancy ,  i wish the black was bolder like the picture but its kinda just a dark grey .
haven t had mine for num_num months and use it maybe num_extend a week for toast .
all of this works but the design of the front sling mount is odd .
but that is cancelled out by the blocky pixels and gridlines that you should not have on an  expensive pda .
it is cheap so i guess one has to kind of expect that .
it is not sturdy enough ,  to say the least .
i replace it due to resetting it seem to have been a bad power cable .
but holding that whole bulky thing up to your ear for a call ?  not so good .
this is the result of the earpiece resting outside the ear rather than within the ear  earbud style  .
even though i am new ,  i wish i had gone with the medium or large .
doesn t charge my iphone more than % and makes my phone overheat just like all the other car chargers .
this is a cable only splitter make sure you know that before you buy it .
i kinda figured it was too cheap to be real ,  but i bought it anyway .
this case does not fit it you have a screen shield installed .
also there is not much diamond dust on the blades .
i tried several times but ended up ordering the wrong size .
it wasn t a bad product ,  just wasn t for me .
hooked up my cable and internet to the splitter ,  turned on the tv .
the cord was not what i thought it was ,  and it goes in and out of a charge .
however ,  i found the size was too big when going one size up .
considering that the first unit might have been defective ,  i obtained a replacement which performed exactly as the first .
i have bought several other products on a whim thinking they may work similarly or better .
the boot is easy to get on . however ,  the fit is not good .
so for as a lasting ,  working product it gets barely num_num stars .
will not keep water cold for more than an hour on a num_extend degree day .
so after some research i settled on theekobrew cup .
maybe they are not making them ?  i returned the mix for full refund ,  amazon was good about it .
speakerphone on this phone does not perform well in slightly noisy environments .
this product may indeed be delicious but the product name is at the very least misleading ,  at worst deceptive .
the taste wasnt too bad but that is the only thing i can say positively about this product .
i m glad i didn t pay a lot for it .
that s the problem with the lens that i received .
i didnt get what i was expecting to come .
fortunately for me ,  the vendor was understanding and refunded my purchase price and paid for return shipping .
i ve had this phone since august of num_extend
the battery looked almost genuine but did not match the label on my original battery in several subtle ways .
it just didn t get loud enough for what i would consider a  normal  moderate listening level .
my arms are not particularly large ,  and i had no trouble adjusting this .
these screen protectors are not custom fit to the inspire num_extend
a bit too long ,  in my opinion . it has swivel cord .
this battery is only slightly better than her old battery .
this thing is built like a tank and probably would last a very long time .
this is not one that i would recommend .
seems well constructed . the bad news :  it s held on to a belt by hooks only ,  no belt loops .
don t waste your time with this particular product or shipper . yes ,  it does work .
i put it in my cart on amazon and kept watching the price .
update after giving it great reviews ,  i m gonna have to retract my earlier comments  see below  .
i glued it back and got another num_num months of use before it simply quit working .
it is as difficult to put on as it is to take off .
i then returned it to amazon soon thereafter .
the instructions it will work for about num_num months ,  and then need to be replaced .
the velcro is all over the bag ,  i thought it had a small velcro closure .
although this case didn t cost very much  around $ it really doesn t fit the iphone num_num well at all .
i guess i ll just have to find another favorite color using the other brand .
its small ,  cheap ,  and made of thin plastic .
for this price and purported quality ,  that s unacceptable .
lucky i had saltines to try this product on but it is not my thing .
now it makes contact with my nimh batteries but the battery cover on this thing is really flimsy .
reason ?  because it contains not only pomegranate juice  and grape juice ,  et al .   ,  it also contains cranberry juice .
this review is about the company ,  nutricity ,  not the product ,  which i like .
just num_num minutes ago received this in the mail .
but i would not recommend this device for the average person .
useless ,  not worth the plastic it was made on .
i can not get my samsung num_extend phone to charge with this oem charger .
i have my old machine from sear lure is not reguire it was heavy .
the problem i had is that the screen doesn t fit like it should .
it sits on top like regular spray polish and when you buff it in ,  there s no difference .
i wear an xl shirt ,  so i got this in a large ,  and it was way too tight .
if you are intending to use any other headphones then i would definitely not recommend this product .
wasn t sure what i was getting ,  and didn t get what i expected .
right away ,  my hp num_num went through batteries like there was no tomorrow .
it was only $ so i didn t try to return it or anything .
this is unfortunate because i really did like the shoes  fit and style  .
i called verizon today thinking it had to do something with their service .
it s too easy to get the toys out .
i have been using this for less than a week ,  and i am going to dump what s left .
i have been using them since i was a toddler and don t; go a day without them .
i had read in a review about the vacuum moving on it s own .
save your money and just buy a kitchenaid grater .
however ,  the taste of this beverage is not what i expected .
this tastes pretty much like your plain old liptons tea .
i was better off having the engine noise drown out some of the chatter .
i ordered form the oem shop a num_extend
this review is for the num_num port num_extend targus usb hub .
it shampoos fine ,  but num_extend it is not a steam cleaner .
i spent hours poring over the reviews on amazon .
i don t think i paid much more than that for the entire set .
wife liked the color but it rubs off on the hands of whoever touches it .
i returned it to amazon and will continue looking for one that will work better for me .
the buttons don t work properly and it fits very poorly .
this is probably a better headset for someone with smaller features .
i don t know how many uses you can get out of it and for the price i expected more .
i received my num_extend one and it lasted exactly num_num hours .
the belt clip isn t tall enough to fit on the belt that i generally wear .
it s also a lot thinner than i was expecting .
i reset the player ,  and it got stuck again .
i ve been using the petco brand and haven t had a problem with them .
honestly ,  i don t really know why i bought it .
however ,  i was disappointed in the quality of the product .
for the price ,  these things are overpriced i think .
you know with all the rings on it . i am a size num_extend
i also have used these ipod nano num_extend with a bluetooth adaptor .
i contacted the retailer and they confirmed that this unit was purchased directly from clarisonic .
the texture is fine but the taste is not sitting well .
either way one thing that is not subjective about this toy is that it is a huge battery hog .
i think it s way overpriced for what you get .
works in your favor if you actually like the smell ,  but this is just not for me .
what a piece of junk this toy is .
these are okay but not what i expected .
i have one and i use it to rinse out bowls ,  rinse out the sink itself ,  etc .
i am not sure how they can keep selling these .
this new one is much lighter weight and the metal feels thin and cheap .
this product caused problems with my ability to charge my iphone and i actually had to replace the phone .
someone bought me this for a present and i wish they didnt waste their money .
display and controls are fairly easy to use and see . now the bad .
i think i should have ordered a size num_extend
i probably won t be getting another one of these again .
very clunky and inconvenient in the car charger .
guess i ll settle for the plastic handle version .
wearable ,  and i like them ,  but they are not as good as they used to be .
another issue is the locking quality ,  it doesn t take much for a piece to separate .
you have to dump the grounds and clean this thoroughly after each use .
i don t even know if i can give this even one star but i will because i have to .
i ordered this as a replacement and in a year or so it also cracked and broke .
the iron plates get hotter in the middle and so the waffles don t cook evenly .
i m glad it was so cheap ,  but i regret buying this product .
this has something in it that doesn t work for me .
this makes it extremely difficult to see the screen especially under low light .
i think other reviews have said the same thing .
my motor finally gave out and i had to purchase this newer version .
then i notice that a little piece of something had fallen out of the charging port .
i guess for the price i was expecting too much .
got more power but difficult to set up as got a num_num hz hum which i can not remove .
you can get the snugglesafe inside but the cover will not close completely in the back .
i researched amazon s reviews for a small num_extend player that i could use for running and working out with .
this stuff is not the same as the other brand i got .
i only like the fact you can charge you phone ,  and battery at the same time with this unit .
read my other reviews as there is a better product .
the price to return the item was not worth returning it would cost me more than what i paid .
im sure the product would work ok but came damaged .
it was worth a try to see if a cheaper brand worked ,  but it didn t work out .
i am currently on my third speck fitted case for the iphone num_extend
i used this pump immediately after i received it .
if i could have bought replacement blades for my old grinder ,  i would have .
spend your money on a better product ,  this one is definitely not worth the $
i  stuck  with it for about num_num years .
i liked it at first then it stopped working i was very disappointed .
just pay a little extra for some quality ,  your not going to be happy for very long with these .
it was nothing what the reviews i had read said it was .
if i wanted this thing fixed i had to shell out the money to get it working again .
poorly made hard mesh case didnt fit much to loose .
they have a silver cover over the tip of the closure to make it look solid ,  but its not .
to me ,  it tastes like regular tea with a few drops of a lemon squeezed in .
going to try to get new batteries and whatnot today .
when you clean this it spills all over the counter .
using my old ace again and having no problems ,  .
also the facet fitting is cheap plastic rather than brass like the python .
because of the weight and fit ,  the bluetooth has often fallen or slipped off my ear .
i was really hoping to like this product .
i payed almost num_extend for the game and num_extend for new batteries for it .
i can t figure out why this can opener is so highly rated .
the drink has mostly apple and grape juice ,  and that is what i tasted more than anything else .
theoretically ,  this product should work but in practice it really does not .
i returned to the store . if you purchase sm products ,  do so in target ,  walmart ,  sally beauty .
i would take it out at certain times of the day or only once a week .
overall ,  i m disappointed with it but i should have known it was crap from the price .
i can t remember the last time i ended up so frustrated with a product .
i bought num_num of this product back in may num_extend
i was shocked when i read the numbers .
the only change was that i had started using regenerated purigen .
when i unplugged the cable ,  the connector separated from the cable and remained in the phone .
i definitely would not get these as my primary pair of headphones .
but for a small amount of more money i couldve gotten something better and that would cover arms .
don t know what might make it work properly .
it might work for num_extend but not for num_extend spc .
plus they cost the same or less than this camera is advertised for here .
don t ever see the day i ll use it for my iphone .
i have been using the rca num_extend heavily for about two months .
the holes are not where they should be for my verizon iphone num_extend
i d rather just pour my home made tomato sauce over brown rice ,  add some veggies ,  maybe a few shrimp .
at $ that is not a huge outlay to check out the difference a burr grinder makes .
i do however think if your considering purchasing ,  you should be aware of the issue .
this item was used on my yamaha v star num_extend
i had been using the original ones for several years .
i was really excited because i knew she wanted one .
maybe ,  i should have read the reviews before purchasing it .
but latch it on to a can and it does nothing .
they are going down the tubes ,  and your phone is at risk of not being supported because of this .
mounted out of site and ran usb charger to charge cell phone ,  gps and stereo .
this purchase was to replace an old lux timer that had served me well .
it took me num_num tries to finally get a half way decent num_extend
this is too expensive and a waste of time if you are rather large .
i m not one who enjoys this feeling so i won t purchase this product again !  !  .
it looks like your everyday ,  generic data cable . it works though .
it is so cheap looking that i took it apart and putting it out for trash .
i wouldn t pay more than fifty cents for one of these  if that  .
the charger itself works fine ,  but the usb cable provided was defective .
we have had it for over a month and he rarely uses it .
small thin knive but metal is sub par .
they are also very loose and fall out easily ,  not that it matters .
the overall hearing protector should have an adjustable head band .
this product does not work for me ,  it might for someone else .
there is a reason why you get num_num for $
i hope other people get a better response to this product than i did .
the only problem is ,  it didn t work just when i needed it to .
when it did soak in it left a sticky feeling on my skin .
i am embarrased to have given two of these for christmas .
i only regret the purchase because it stopped working on batteries .
it s very pinkish red and not nearly as dark .
first it wouldnt even charge my motorola cliq xt but that couldbe because of the phone .
sadly ,  the product is not as good as the idea .
maybe i m just used to better quality items .
bought this to play raw mpg files downloaded from my replaytv .
seem very cheap . i would pay a bit more and get something worthwhile .
my skin is not sensitive by any means .
so this is a cheap way to stop your screen from being damaged .
but the result is that the phone jiggles in the case .
i expected it to have more flavor ,  instead its just spicy .
even on the high setting there is hardly any vibration .
i realized that i need a better quality for what i want to use hem for .
i had a sunbeam egg cooker from num_num until num_extend
if i was to buy one again i would go for the voyager .
i put it on ,  and it was greasy and didn t really blend well .
if you get this ,  get a small storage container to keep the pieces in .
as it turns out ,  i had the same experience .
i must stress that it is not a bad fragrance but certain elements does not mess well at all .
in reality ,  though ,  its performace is only average to below average .
you really have to get it done in about num_num seconds before it dries .
i was hoping for a dryer that was more powerful .
the flavor is off and not what i expected .
this cereal tastes pretty good ,  i expected it to taste terrible ,  but it isn t .
i ordered my size num_extend and they are way too big .
this was my go to pan for everything .
i had to wash it off before leaving the house .
i got it out ,  inserted the battery ,  and it flashed for a second ,  never to turn back on again .
but other than that ,  this wasn t what i was hoping for .
i ve noticed no difference with using this product .
also ,  they ran quite small ,  so that my usual size was too small .
this only worked for a few times to charge my iphone .
it is very small and ,  after only a few uses and care in cleaning ,  it is already staining .
this item simply costs too much for its quality .
i never had a more difficult time putting on a simple screen protector than these .
it is cheaply made plastic that will wear out after a while .
the only new thing in my life was this product .
it does work for that purpose ,  but is not at all reliable .
while i don t hate it ,  i wouldn t recommend it .
all num_num devices are plugged into this unit .
i don t know if i feel comfortable using this charger again without removing the battery from the car .
when i used the same polish with a different base coat ,  it lasted .
i have tried to use it over the past several weeks .
buy a better one this is plastic and pot metal i broke it after num_num uses .
it also makes the phone very bulky ,  but that s a problem with most cases .
purchased this because i thought it would work better than my cheap screen protectors .
i opened the unit to peek inside ,  but nothing looks amiss .
others may find it more than okay . for my money ,  it s not worth it .
the product did not work as promised .  .  . it did not fit my iphone num_extend so had to return it back .
was very shocked with how small these were .
i thought i would get used to it ,  but i didn t .
i know french roasts are strong ,  but this one was overpowering .
but i don t like it and its clumsy feeling in the hand ,  i have difficulty using it for anything .
i was very excited to use this product .
the flavors are all there ,  but there is a strange ,  almost soapy aftertaste that overpowers everything else .
i ve given this product a couple of tries because of how it claims to reverse sun damage .
i use it num_extend or more a week .
it s like i m hitting the button to scroll through the calls even though i don t touch the phone .
if you have a screen protector on your phone ,  this case will surely ruin it .
what we are looking at here are num_extend pixel shaded graphics .
broken easily and i wasn t even rough on it .
i knew it wasnt a great product but i was hoping it would be somewhat useable .
this item that i have received is very poor quality .
is fragile ,  quite fragile . in summary i m not impressed by this device .
it may be better than nothing but i don t like it .
ick !  !  ! it s so pretty in the bottle but not on your fingers or toes !  bad choice !  .
so i ordered a quantity of num_extend thinking i d receive a total of num_num for my son s birthday party .
it was only effect with super fine scratches .
today itself i am returning it to amazon .
num_num dollars for num_num anti glare screen protectors .
the handle also was arched into a position that didn t quite seem normal to me .
i suspected these would not be high quality and they aren t .
i use this cleaver regularly when cutting chicken up including chopping through bones when prepping for stock .
it s made extremely cheap and takes a long ,  long time to receive in the mail .
it is a cheaper knockoff that is probably made in china .
it s so loud that i doubt anyone could fall asleep with the sound level .
i m in need of another battery ,  but will look for another one if i have a choice .
this didn t work out so well for me .
but ,  although the scent is not too bad ,  it is a very cheap perfume .
wish i d have gotten something a little nicer though .
i ordered some ,  waited a few weeks for them to be delivered ,  and tried them .
i was pretty disappointed in this product and wouldn t recommend it .
which means ,  it does a lot of things ,  but doesn t do any of them particularly well .
my hd ,  from an old mac desktop num_extend couldn t be more standard .
there is a louvered fan in the machine that is not removable .
i find the laudatory reviews here completely incomprehensible .
i tried this and wasn t to impressed with it .
so along with some other itmes ,  i was going to purchase this item and have it shipped her .
a standard household flashlight with new batteries should be enough to do the job but it doesnt .
i used it to wax my daughters car .
this product is very difficult to remove from surface and hands .
doesn , t stay warm that long ,  maybe about hours if you are lucky .
i returned to amazon  no charge  and got a replacement speaker .
moreover ,  ergonomically speaking ,  the handle is not ideal .
now i see why it was so cheap .
also will not go easily into my back pocket .
for the price its too much bother to return ,  but i don t recommend this item .
for the price i am not impressed at all .
i like the way it fit around my body but the cup is too big .
makes me wonder if those reviews  usually num_num starts  are actually of this product .
picture quality poor and not anymore durable that a regular camera .
i ordered this piece of crap off pyramid air ,  paid using amazon . com payment option .
i purchased this kit a few months ago and never got around to writing a review .
igo does give you a cheaply made pouch to store them .
it is a shame such a nice case has such a basic flaw .
our son was given this last year for christmas .
finally it is loud ,  loud like a leaf blower .
luckily for me i could return the product without any problem .
their products could not protect phone like they claim to be .
i didn t order these because so many things seemed fishy about their presentation on amazon .
i am only num_num months into using it ,  and it is headed for the trash .
otherwise you will get stuck with a cold waffle maker .
if you have a very big eater  more than num_num cups  this also won t be the bowl for you .
based on what other people wrote i thought sure i d like this .
i went online to try and replace it they were out of stock .
it has been sitting in my drawer since .
how much does it cost to make one of these products ?  really ?  .
one of these units  two years old  just died on me .
it would have been great if this product had worked .
i m going to spend the extra money and get a pair of oberwerks .
the headset beeps in my ear everytime the connection is lost and it happens often .
as the time of this review ,  on amazon there are two types of stock photos for this product .
the colors did not stay on my lip .  ,  very cheap .
thank amazon for prime ,  didn t cost me a dime to send back a mismarked product .
the first headset i was sent was doa .
when connected as a hotspot ,  the phone can get a little jerky .
this is the second issue i ve had with otterbox purchases made on amazon .
once i finally got it back off so i could charge the phone ,  it wasn t worth the struggle .
not to mention you can barely wrap your fingers around the handle its so large .
this thing will not fully charge my cell phone ,  even when this device is charged to full power .
i have a very ,  very narrow foot and anything larger wouldn t stay on .
i have maybe num_extend of carpet in my home .
i ve probably had this num_extend num_extend  professional s  knife for ten years ,  maybe more .
this product is too much trouble to deal with .  .  . and i rarely write a one star review .
it never had broken pieces ,  just stopped working .
so this was not a great product and the reviews never mentioned this .
i used this product as instructed ,  but i did not notice any change at all .
i purchased this toaster and was initially disappointed to see how large the appliance was .
i am going to have it repaired and will probably try to sell the bag .
i used this religiously every night for about num_extend weeks .
there is a major flaw in this product .
about the only thing that s good about this is the aesthetic design .
they even emailed me right after i got this small charger saying they will send me the num_extend charger .
the smell is really not that bad ,  but its not pleasant either .
well ,  sadly the num_extend fan while it looks identical doesn t not function the same .
i went through all num_num within a month and ordered different ones .
it wasn t slimy or it didn t stink nearly that much .
this isn t even close to the same taste .
the num_extend port doesn t charge samsung galaxy note num_extend num_num edition .
it would have been too big if i would have bought the next size up .
this may not be the same for all cables .
just spend a little more money and buy a better case .
i don t get all the good reviews ,  it was a big waist of money to me .
the only nice thing i can say about it is that it s lightweight .
the knives are very difficult to insert and even more difficult to take out .
the only part that still functions properly is the suction cup .
i tried this bc i was looking for something like that but even more effective ,  but this doesn t work .
they all probably come from the same factory in china and change the sticker with their logo .
there were mixed reviews some good ,  some bad so decided to chance it .
the blades have held up but the rubberized handles are banged up looking .
its a cheap piece of plastic not worth the $ asking price .
it could have had a better sound to it ,  granted not authentic but better .
however ,  it runs very very small and narrow .
he only wore the second one for a few weeks ,  and it also stopped working .
also ,  the minuscule lcd display is too small to read .
i ordered the biggest size and i m not sure even a stick figure could fit into it .
bought it new ,  used it maybe five times and it failed .
i m going to get one for myself to put in my suv just in case .
the taste was similar to cookie dough ,  which ,  again might delight some people .
but ,  it will probably not last very long .
it s not horrible ,  but it s not great ,  especially considering the price .
i have other headphones with much better sound ,  but that is not the primary reason that i dumped them .
the problem is that it stopped working after a couple of weeks .
it s convenient ,  but it just does not work as well as the old brush and patch method .
this makes for a stiff ride but not significantly different from other tires .
the piece of metal that s riveted in the handle broke .
i even had the power adaptor ,  so it was plugged in the wall .
plus the noise this thing emits is highly irritating .
the headphone acoustics isn t all that good in my opinion .
the product description really should specify the form of the medicine .
my num_num year old daughter gobbled them up ,  so that s something .
don t bother with this garbage and buy the real thing .
the battery life doesn t last even if you charge it all day .
the pills are somewhat large but not so big i couldnt swallow them .
it s a brighter red so with the glitter it s too flashy .
they also don t hold the vacuum and the release buttons pop out too easy .
as this stuff is pricey ,  doubt i will be using it again .
i did not care for this product ,  was too big and bulky behind the ear .
like i said for $ i wasn t expecting great quality .
i eventually just gave it to the thrift store since it was basically brand new .
i ve washed it out with soap ,  vinegar ,  and baking soda .
it s not very good either ,  but at least not as bad as this .
the only good thing about their customer service is that that don t leave you on hold forever .
it s a little slick for my taste; might slip out of hands .
buy the black ones though because the glasses are sound and tough ,  but not the clear .
it only fits because of the plastic case .
spend your hard earned money on something else .
text and calling work fine ,  just caller id doesn t seem to be working .
the aroma didn t get me excited ,  nor did the taste ,  after drinking it both hot and cold .
better off buying a sd card without the wii logo on it .
cheap ,  worth about ten bucks ,  not even the twenty bucks it s selling for .
i ordered this battery as a replacement for my wife s samsung galaxy nexus  verizon  .
when i left it ,  there was nothing wrong with it .
i used this to control the volume of a num_extend speaker system .
i thought the same brand and company ,  product should have the same taste .
i adjusted it to the shortest setting and it still was loose .
i guess i like a little more weight to my undershirts .
it s a shame ,  though ,  because the mixer is such a versatile appliance .
this is why i gave it a num_num star rating .
i checked reviews ,  and sure enough ,  lots of other people are experiencing the same problem .
well ,  i was very excited to try everything out for the first time last night .
there is no way to totally eliminate the noise in these headphones ,  even so close to the transmitter .
my old grinder top twisted on and i never had this problem .
i don t understand why it did ,  it looks just like the real one that comes with the phone .
but even if i mixed with her favorite food ,  she doesn t eat this dry food for somehow .
those that do pop are very small tasteless little things .
i was constantly pushing it into my ear ,  which got really num_extend
i do not know if the product i received is not good ,  but these do not hold place .
the wood is harder than the original and doesn t soften when wet .
the charger is the wrong size and not what i ordered for .
after a couple months ,  it no longer works at all .
tricky ,  not ergonomic ,  cheaply made . lid to pot is not removable ,  making cleaning less easy .
they re a tad too tight  mainly around the waist  ,  and they seem too long .
one of the pieces was broken ,  and the pieces are quite small .
but since that first time ,  i have noticed that the battery is not connecting to the hotspot correctly .
after all ,  i ve now learned the lesson that you get what you pay for .
the amazon . com picture appears to be the ver num_extend adapter ,  but the adapter i received has different markings .
it worked for about two weeks ,  then the controller stopped working consistently .
i own a num_extend and had hoped to use this cable with the camera .
so i continue on my quest to find a replacement .
i purchased this for my num_num yr old grandaughter . she was thrilled ,  but i wasn t .
for what the size was it was much too small .
i wouldn t purchase it again ,  but at least it was cheap .
picture quality is not better than other cameras within same price num_extend
too bad because the case itself is nice ,  there s just no way to clip it to anything .
i m glad i didn t actually buy this crap .
has anyone looked at the interior shape of the carafe ?  i think that is why the coffee dribbles out .
i have had my num_num for about num_num months now and i have never had a problem .
she was so estactic to be getting it .
it s just not durable enough for the price to get past a master dequeaker .
after much research ,  this seemed like a phone that i could pay just by the minute for use .
this case is flimsy and doesnt fit too well .
but i can t use mine often because like i said its too loud .
the replacement blade are so ridiculously expensive that i finally broke down and went to a straight razor .
also ,  it is hard to hold ,  if the knife grabs it will pull the sharpener over ,  possibly cutting you .
with that exception ,  i have no real gripes about the audio .
doesn t last nearly as long as some other brands .
however ,  when placed on a charger it would work but would not charge past %
my previous nokia num_extend battery lasted nearly three years ,  and just got weak .
if i m going to be in my car i use the oem battery .
i felt that if i dropped the knife sheathed in it ,  the sheath would shatter .
this will charge i pod and i phone but not your ipad .
the other might be due to a bad machine ,  but i m not sure .
color is only a very slightly different shade of white .
these are ok if only worn for short times .
they don t really project a quality sound at all .
i was not happy with the headset that came with it so i purchased the nfl  wireless  headset .
this  lunch  package provides less than num_num calories ,  if i recall .
i waited till it was dry and vacuumed it up .
this battery is almost as ineffective as my original .
if i could rate this thing at num_num stars ,  i would .
sound reproduction was average at best both with calls and music .
however ,  the stones are set in a way ,  that they dig into the fingers ,  next to the ring .
when i plugged it in and turned on the amplifier ,  no difference at all .
but for $ it really should have a slow cook and steaming function .
when you use it ,  take the brush off .
the colors are not as vivid or crisp as i thought they would be .
i have only had this a few months and the numbers are fading .
i was going to order more online ,  but it s too expensive .
it turned out to have been a waste of money ,  even though it was so very cheap .
i ordered night vision goggles that were listed for the same price that i paid for these .
this wasn t cheap yet imo i think that it s a cheap product .
but be aware that it may not stand up to the test of time or the wear and tear .
not easy to operatewhen you go out with this camera ,  bring your user manual with num_extend
i have had better screen protectors it was ok for the money .
it runs about num_num to num_num minutes fast a week .
the flavor was a bit spicy ,  and was not what i expected from hamburger helper .
the batteries work good but are useless if you have no way to charge them .
and the charging stand ?  it s cheap ,  very lightweight plastic that falls over very easily .
i wish i had read the reviews before buying .
when i rubbed the lotion it was like water ,  very runny .
it s doesn t have any calories or carbs which is important to me because i am trying watch my weight .
since i purchased them as a gift ,  i didn t realize there was a bowl missing until now .
this wallet looks nice in the pictures but it s thin and not for me .
this product just did not work for me .
i own a num_extend and an xbox and i could careless about graphic ,  music or video up loads .
i was chopping cabbage so i cut it into little pieces and inserted a little at a time .
this took a lot of elbow grease to do anything .
they are smaller in size and the tips isn t as sensitive as they should be .
i also wouldn t buy it again because the coil cord is very short .
i would not recommend this product based on the quality alone .
i purchased num_num chargers and i was not happy with this purchase .
it is cumbersome to use ,  as it is heavy and awkward .
this product is expensive and it didn t work for me .
this product is ok i guess for concealing an extension cord or two but that s it .
this is a nifty idea; unfortunately ,  it just doesn t work out .
for example ,  the lid does not fit well .
first off ,  to get anywhere near the proper dosing of ingredients you have to take num_num scoops .
the cup is about num_num cup sizes smaller than size states .
this is not small and its does not fit me ,  it feels very cheap too .
sorry ,  but if you are looking for straight up headphones go get some jbuds .
i owned the model before this one for about num_num years .
the cables were made very poorly though iam sure they work well based on other reviews .
i was in costco yesterday and bought a hamilton beach stainless steel electric kettle for $
i would purchase something else for more money .
there s not enough juice in this device to power up your battery enough to start the car .
maybe i will try it again at some point ,  but .
the graphics are pretty awesome ,  but there s not much game here .
unfortunately this product did not do anything at all for me .
you can get better products for this price .
i ll have to find a better product and regret having to update to give this a bad review .
the blade is not aligned properly with the handle .
perhaps if you are just using this to spray a little oil on your food ,  it s ok .
i like flowery smells on perfume but on the hair ,  it s kinda weird for me ,  specially this one .
the quality of these headphones is not good at all .
however ,  i ordered these pants in size num_num waist and they were a tad too snug .
maybe if they were metal and had a little more weight to them ?  i dont know .
it comes with a really short cord and the product doesn t even work .  .  . tried on several items .  .  . nothing charges .
this thing doesn t handle well at all because the handle is skinny and the barrell is heavy .
i believe i ve used it a total of num_num times .
this is way too expensive for what you get .
after reading several reviews ,  i had high hopes for these .
that is really too bad as it was a nice product otherwise .
with that being said ,  the reviews on these other motions products i ordered will probably be the same .
i realized the problem only after i purchase it .
seems like the consumer can t replace the battery as it s soldered onto the circuit board .
i wish it had the same finish as the other pans .
not sure why ,  because it works the same way .
but this brand for some reason is not as effective as i like .
i d rather have spent more money on something that works .
it fits easily in a purse ,  but not in the pocket of your pants .
i never noticed that with the other brands .
i guess these wireless ones only work if they re in the same room ,  and maybe in constant use .
oh well ,  i figured i was taking my chances anyway .
the earpiece cover is made of hard rubber .
i wish i had returned it as it is quite pricey .
my $ panasonic dvd recorder has been running for num_num years now without a single glitch .
and it warps even at medium low heat for num_num minutes .
however it is way too big for my dog .
i ve been happy with all the other oil of olay i ve used but this falls short of my expectations .
plenty of bluetooth sets . let me start by saying that you do not need this headset for a num_extend
got an other one and it was broken in more pieces .
for the price ,  yeah it s some cheap plastic .
the outside pockets would hold some of my accessories but there s not enough room for everything i have .
never had a problem with any of the brands i bought .
this is probably not a good brush for sensitive skin . also ,  after a few uses ,  the bristles are falling out .
when i finally received the case it stated on the package ,   case for iphone  .
when i saw the price was num_extend i checked my sams receipt .
it s very hard to use ,  as it is a very tight fit for my iphone num_extend
this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses .
we had one of these for years ,  and it finally broke .
i ve tried this armband while working out at the gym .
madonna i m not !  wish i had read the reviews more thoroughly as this fact was mentioned by one reviewer .
the rubber didnt fit all the way in the plastic .
i hate to leave a negative review but these are plain terrible .
i wash all my pans by hand ,  to preserve them ,  and this is the most difficult pan to clean .
you can easilly slide it in with an angle ,  but very hard to do it in reverse .
i use it as described and notice no visible difference .
after using a spatula ,  typically you will whack it on the edge of a pot to shake off excess .
it functioned intermittantly with a lot of fiddling for several months .
i bought this for my num_num year old son but ended up returning it .
so i am holding it with a rubber band now .
after everything i ever heard about this product i was excited to try it .
it s simulated surround  derived from stereo signal  sent to rear speakers .
the old ones from when i was a kid were much better and had more tread .
several days ago i saw the reviews for this product on the amazon site .
this thing worked for num_num days after i bought it .  .  . stone age and not worth the money .
if they lasted longer ,  i would like them more .
the headset looks nice but it never picks up my voice .
not as good as the previous version of these brushes .
for the money ,  there are much better products available .
it does not work .  .  .  . i put it num_num days charging and it is not charged completly . i dont recommend it product .
using instructions on the web site i did just that .
i use them everyday on my treadmill and they are supposed to last more than that .
i had read a review on this phone that said the battery was no good .
update  i have just about stopped using this product .
other than that it s ok but totally not worth num_num dollars .
it s heavier than the skechers d lites that i own num_extend pairs  and the material is hard .
these hang off my toes for the dreaded lump in the shoe .
this item is very cheaply made and the velcro that it come with does not stay stuck .
it seems like the screen protector wasnt tested on a num_extend just molded by its dimensions .
not much better than the old ones i was replacing .
i didn t smell any burnt out components when it stopped .
after pulling it out i wasn t surprised because the screw is made of plastic .
i took it out of the box and put it back .
so i take it apart very carefully ,  not to lose these very small parts and replaced the battery .
finally ,  i had a means of randomly playing num_num of my favorite songs without having to use my computer .
i just installed num_num of these on a htpc case to replace the stock fans .
i would prefer it didn t make a mess all over my counter .
this was true on whichever computer i used the device num_extend
i returned it to amazon and now ordered another brand .
i guess inexpensive really does mean cheap in this case .
it s not practical for much and i never use it anymore .
the replacement had its handle welded on quite noticeably crooked .
i d estimate the num_extend i received would actually be a num_num or maybe even an num_extend
after spent time to replace this new iphone num_num gsm replacement digitizer glass screen and excited to power up .
do not buy this if you are expecting a num_extend battery .
this battery did not hole up and i do not believe that this was a brand new battery .
i would have given this more stars if it had lasted longer .
if you re reading this ,  chances are you ve already researched this phone a bit and you ve probably read other reviews .
really wanted to like this ,  as other reviews did .
my $ labtec cam takes far better pictures .
the only down side is that it is made in china  but isn t everything nowadays  .
it needs to be towards the rear so when you pour ,  it won t slip out of your hand .
on the plus size ,  it doesn t move around a bunch .
this does not do the job like it is supose to do .
the flavors were not very distinct or fruity .
this is the second product i have tried that dr oz recommended ,  that didn t work .
ok ,  am i doing something wrong here ?  i am truly baffled by all the rave reviews .
i think that the sound quality of the supplied earphones is pretty lousy .
the product didn t cost enough to bother with a return .
not !  others i see give it num_num or num_num stars .
i have fairly small hands ,  so that could be part of the problem .
as for the taste ,  it was too sweet for my taste and not nearly spicy enough .
the lighter steel leeches a metallic smell and taste into food .
after spending cash on a nicer kit ,  i guess i learned my lesson .
with the device ,  no connection at all . so ,  i returned the product to amazon .
these headphones have a lot of problems . first off ,  there is a problem with connectivity to the audio jack .
wish it worked for me ,  but it didn t .
while it s drinkable ,  i m really glad i didn t pay full price for it .
at least i only spent $ this time .
i have been cooking for num_num years and have never had a pan this hard to clean .
i received num_num usb to micro usb cables .
i ve used other dry shampoos that work much better .
however this product does not fit our droid num_num phones .
the grind was uneven ,  with some beans barely cut in half ,  despite the length of grinding time .
i bought this for travel and vacation and used it probably about num_num times before it broke .
the usb connector part is longer than normal and does not fully fit plugged in .
it does not fully shut and i fear it will break the screen .
i should have expected this poor quality for the price but .
here s the games out of all about num_num games some i have .
it is really narrow and i bought num_num of them thinking they would fit .
i have to give it one star because you can t rate the product any lower .
and i think they could improve the usb connect so it isn t so difficult to use .
there is no way this $ price is correct .
i really wanted it to fit properly because it isn t a bad looking case .
i m sick of appliances that cost a bunch of money and last such a short time .
i use a lot of water when i make it ,  i don t rinse it .
i was a little concerned at first when the first cup of coffee tasted a little bitter .
i contacted the company through amazon in hopes of getting num_extend cards in exchange .
it has an aluminum frame so it is not the heaviest bike out there .
not cool . if they re going to charge this much ,  one would hope they would have a quality product .
i bought the kvm knowing about the audio issues hoping that they weren t going to be that bad .
but i don t think i d buy it again .
they are bulky and feel cheap on my feet .
it s hard to see the numbers on the display .
not that the network cable really is disconnected ,  by the way .
the drink is watery ,  and has a strange after taste .
it is rather lightweight and  cheap  in appearance and materials .
but i want the one that lasts for num_num years .
i ended up tradin  it to my brother for max payne .
worse ,  this charger never shuts off ,  so you cannot leave it connected for long periods of time .
it was probably a defective product ,  but i had to buy another ,  different type of sports earbuds immediately .
the quality of this product was much poorer than i expected .
way overpriced ,  hard to put on ,  cracks pretty easily .
in addition ,  the color  pigment  is not intense at all .
the sound quality was not as good as the last one either .
thankfully ,  i made the console purchase from here ,  amazon .
what i am getting at here is that i am no expert in quality headphones .
i am considering another newer sony headset but only because sennheiser s are so expensive .
i don t like soggy cereal ,  but this just kind of floats in the bowl .
this is not a good quality product . btw my phone is a sg sii skyrocket .
the case took almost a week to arrive .
i should have used some common sense prior to purchasing .  . it just seemed like such an easy item to use .
i have small feet a size num_extend in women .
this product has some high reviews ,  so i guess i m not in the majority on this .
fortunately i already had craftsman pliers and screwdrivers of this size .
if that was what it was advertized for i d give it num_num or num_num stars .
this one looked just like the one i wanted to replace .
it could be better but i wouldn t get this one if you plan on using it alot .
but when i went to a drugstore nearby ,  i was shocked to see that it cost something like $
it leaves bubbles when you try to put on the phone .
so so so badly designed . the unit also does make noise .
i don t really feel like this is working .
it took a while for the dough to extrude and eveything stuck together .
i had bought one of these at another site ,  but this is not the same and is very cheap .
i took another sip and ,  yep ,  still strange .
i had to buy a charger locally as this one does not work .
did not do what i it said it would nor as i expected .
even wind didn t seem to bother the headset much .
it s cheap ,  so i guess you get what you pay for .
after reading the reviews i bought this and it did not meet my expectations .
i ordered num_num pair from amazon at the same time .
after about num_num minutes using the original charger ,  the battery charged more than when using this charger .
but ,  somehow ,  i ended up buying this model .
i feel nothing ,  except a slight stomach ache most likely due to all of the sugar . the taste isn t bad .
just so aggravating that it s not worth it .
however the coffee grinds are soggy and have to be thrown out .
i was hopeful by reading reviews that this toy would last .
i read the reviews before purchasing this ,  so i was prepared to reinforce it before i even got it .
i am probably going to wind up buying another one from a different company .
when that happened ,  i tried to clean the spray valve to no avail ,  then suddently it would mist again .
these were just too big for my taste and head for that matter .
you get what you pay for ,  i guess !  .
it s made of flimsy plastic that twists and bends if the front sight is really tight .
mine lasted slightly less than num_num years before it broke .
no it does not stop working ,  you can hear it spinning and there is no warning to this happening .
others may find it works ok for them but it didn t for me .
this flaw makes it suck ,  but aside from that it seems ok .
despite the lower price point ,  the tenqa s still fall short in terms of sound quality ,  comfort ,  and flexibility .
i bought these two of these cables looking to replace damaged samsung ones that i had laying around .
prime enabled me to return it and get a full refund ,  so i was ok with this .
i couldn t use my hybrid cover for my phone while i used this pouch .
talk about cheaply made !  awful product worth about $
i m not about to start by jamming earbuds into my ear .
for num_num bucks you cant really complain  . i would have bought it again for the price tag .
i ended up giving this to my mom .
so ,  in order to give my child num_num mg ,  i also have to give him num_num g of sugar .
color wasnt right for my skintone shades too light .
these would be awesome if they would stick to the plastic .
it s thinner then both in terms of num_extend
i had the coffee maker about num_num months before it died .
the only redeeming quality is it is cheap .
the size was fine ,  but the fabric covering the foam is cheap and is starting to run .
what ever it is made of does not feel like leather or natural like it is advertising .
i chose this case because i had the  same  case for my iphone num_extend
it licks off easily so it doesn t last long .
i ve tried this several times ,  hoping it might work .
too bad it s not yet on amazon ,  i hope to see it here in future !  .
this bluetooth didn t stay on my ear ,  the bud was twisted wouldn t fit in my ear .
voice quality is also very muffled on this phone . i say ,  move along and get another phone .
and no protective plastic cover . item does work as designed .  .  .  . at least the first time i tried it .
i originally had the small size because my dogs are num_num lbs .
but it didn t turn me against sharpies as a brand .
so my batteries were reasonably fresh and i don t know why they failed so quickly .
currently ,  i connected my old netgear num_extend router as my main router and added this one to it .
these look the same but they aren t solid like the old ones .
after about an hour of feeling like i had a dirty face i washed it off .
the list price of this kit is suppose to be $  current amazon price is $
i d skip it and get a normal curling iron which does the same thing and is easier to use .
i m not affordable return this item ,  don t deal with these junks .
this grinder does not grind coarse enough for french press .
ok ,  this used to be the best brand .
i guess you are suppose to leave it on the counter top as a conversation piece .
was looking for something a little more protective .
provides caffeine if that s what you are looking for but the taste is somewhat horrible .
fortunately my glasses were on my face at the time .
we also bought the rechargeable battery pack which didn t work straight out of the box .
i might keep something like this around for a one time emergency like in a winter car blizzard kit .
i bought this product a few months ago and it s already broken .
i paid less for this than two aaa batteries .
hey ,  these things happen ,  right ?  so amazon  not monster  sent me a replacement .
i don t really like leaving negative reviews ,  but this wasn t very good .
it worked but i don t use it anymore .
doesn t close completely ,  letting matter flow into liquid .
will not buy this item from amazon again .
i owned a num_num watt num_num qt stand mixer for num_num years .
the cost was cgeap so i won t send it back ,  but i am not happy with it .
the colors arent very pigmented and its a very chalky palette .
why not get an item that will do everything ,  at no extra cost ?  .
i ve had this unit quite some time ,  but it is not one of my favorites .
this is a cheap piece you can buy in any supermarket .
i would not recommend this unless its really cheap .
alas ,  it really is not in the grand scheme of things .
no wonder the first time i tasted the water it wasn t  sweet  like from my previous filter .
so it gets num_num stars because of this .
i only used it a few times ,  in vary amounts ,  but i couldn t make it work .
it s not worth the money unless you see it for num_num dollars at a garage sale .
if i hadn t been out of time ,  i d have ordered from amazon  :   .
i give them num_num star because zero stars isn t an option !  .
even worse ,  i probably used the thing twice a month .
i wear a num_num in other brand slippers similar to this one .
this product costs almost twice as much as the others so i subtracted a star for that .
i do not think their quality and reliability are not good any more .
and the fact that they are not pitted will hinder my clean up .
i didn t like the fact that when i needed to charge my phone i had to take offthe case .
it just doesn t fit snugly on the phone like it should !  .
and now i m noticing that the projected image is blurry on anything past six power .
only improvement seems to be that they went to a micro usb charger .
i had no idea it was so small .
this morning i sharpened a knife using my chef s choice num_extend
if you look at the picture you can see that it is an iphone not a num_extend
unfortunately ,  i ve need these  items  for well over num_num years .
i must say i was very dissapointed with this product .
but we can tell the quality isn t that great and the material seems thin .
i finally just took the battery back out and cut my losses .
i used it consistently for several weeks before giving up .
i ordered the part ,  followed the instructions and replaced the dial .
when i had my carpet replaced ,  it wouldn t even pick up the smallest pieces of loose carpet fibers .
it is made for my phone but somehow the plastic is warped and wont fit right .
i just wanted some help in minimizing the dust in my apt .
dropped my phone and it cracked in a million and one pieces .
i am amending my review because i thought something was wrong with the product .
i received this headset and it was defective .
i have had a rubberband on it almost since buying it to keep the lid num_extend
i ended up with only one out of the num_extend
hard to attach ,  smaller cans use just can t .
i m pretty adapt at installing these ,  but these ones were pretty finicky .
the problem is ,  i thought the popcorn seemed stale and dried out to me .
washable markers wipe right off the same table with a damp rag .
they need locking doors or something that keeps them from falling closed so easily .
you can pick up objects and lug them at your enemies and whatnot .
i have tried it in the car ,  in my house ,  outside and nothing .
i hadnt smelt this before ordering but i bought based on reviews .
the original samsung battery that came in my phone lasted num_num years and held it s charge for hours .
i should have done my research and read the reviews on this product before i bought it .
so i tried a num_extend one with the same response .
it was the first time i tried it .
it s been num_num weeks !  !  ! other than that ,  i ve used this product before .
it almost sounds like you re getting a text message .
i have chronic ,  ingrown toenails; so i need shoes with a roomy toe box area .
i have  since purchasing this toaster  read similar  bad  reviews going back several years .
i have a ceramic top stove .  .  . this makes for uneven cooking .
pretty slick try ,  but don t buy this .  .  .  . it still doesn t have a strap .
i bought an num_extend on  another online store  .
after a few months of use ,  the phone can no longer connect to wifi .
i guess ya do get what ya pay for .
the cable is really cheap and breaks to easily .
the sleeve basically fit ok except for at the bottom of the grip ,  where it was to loose .
i liked these a lot before ,  but will never buy again .
and the colour reminds me of when fake silver begins to turn black .
it also froze on me a couple of times and i had to try to restart the num_extend
however ,  the headphone jack and charging port wasn t accessible with it on .
when combined with how dim they are ,  it makes them quite difficult to read . the buttons barely work .
would have delighted a num_num or num_num year old ,  though .
then i got a num_extend a few days after ,  the num_extend worked like a charm nothing bad happened .
i have had other things from this brand that i did not like as well .
i was very very dissapointed in this product .
regardless ,  the product did not work for me after num_num attempts .
not so sure i would purchase from this seller again .
i haven t even used it because it is so cheap .
i had absolutely no problems with the desktop connection .
newer wireless adapters have more then just this num_num antenna .
if you call them ,  they will replace defective hardware well enough .
i put my pan in the oven with the mitt on it  the directions say i can  .
i dont consider myself to have super skinny arms .
fixed it but it s not as sturdy as i had hoped .
it s about the size of a cord ,  it s miniscule .
wireless seems to still work but i can no longer connect to it via the lan port .
i tried applying it to a sponge tip and other applicators and it still ended up with specks .
i looked online and still couldn t figure out .
you have to scrub it off and mess up your protective sheild .
i wouldn t buy this product unless it was at least % less expensive than it is now .
seriously just save your money and get something better .
bought this one to replace my num_num cal that was worn completely out .
it seems to have worse reception than my previous phones  all nokia bar type  in the same coverage areas .
it can t handle any direct light ,  literally ,  any light  lamp ,  reflect from the lamp ,  etc  .
i like the nutrition and num_num sugars ,  but it tasted blandly sweet  not chocolaty  and was grainy .
there are other brands out there that are a lot better .
it just didn t peform for me like i thought it would have .
i actually ordered it for the num_num replacement squeakers so i could use them for other toys .
i don t understand why this had such good reviews .
would not buy another one too costly to break so fast .
i was looking forward to trying this beverage mix .
first the headband was too big ,  so it did not fit on my ear right .
for the price  we paid $ it should do more and be more reliable .
the noises are silly and it s cheap and not realistic ,  bummed i bought it and $ shipping !  .
i used it once and have not used it again .
this was my first time purchasing it ,  so i didn t really know what to expect .
they were at least a whole size too large and i ordered my normal size .
after reading all of the reviews it seemed like this is the product i was looking for .
so maybe another brush would be a better choice .
okay no problem ,  put it on it can t look that bad .
maybe the only way to get shortbread the way i like it is to make it myself .
we replaced the battery and it still didn t work .
that tells me that i just need to try other flavors .
i really don t understand all the great reviews for this product .
i put pillpockets on it to get my dog to drink .
we ordered this item after seeing a lot of positive reviews and were very disappointed .
overall it was functional while it lasted ,  but was always annoying to use .
this is a ridiculous price for what it is .
i ended taking it off because it scratched really easily too .
so i bought this product june num_num to replace my num_extend
thought maybe it was my charger ,  so bought new usb cables .
i was so excited to get this sterling silver ring ,  only to find that it was plated .
additionally ,  the stainless handle is too highly polished and easily becomes slippery .
i bought this item num_num months ago trying to solve my mouse problem .
perhaps the motor isnt very strong and that is why .
also though i have had no side effects either .
the sound quality on my side was loud but not clear .
don t waste your moneythese are not multi coated ,  i doubt they re even single coated .
it s still working otherwise ,  but what a mess !  .
i could make my coffee one cup at a time and save money vs .
based on the reviews ,  i bought num_num of these as gifts .
in short ,  the two elements of the filter might as well be made of window glass .
when it stopped working the other day ,  i took it apart and discovered the problem .
the auxiliary cord came and i expect this one to be included with it but it was not .
if you sit the egg on it and press down ,  the egg breaks .
it spewed coffee grounds through the air vents all over the pot and my countertops .
you can get better vices for the price .
i bought this based on the good reviews ,  but i was very disappointed .
thank god i didn t pay for this piece of junk .
these patches are supposed to be used as a support for heavy earrings so that your ears don t sag .
it worked for a couple months then just up and stopped charging my phone .
sent me the wrong flavor so i m not overly thrilled with the product .
this is neither . with the black and decker name i thought it would be a quality item .
for num_num bucks a pop though ,  it isnt so bad .
i returned it to amazon for a refund and will buy another voyager num_extend
i cannot count how often my phone has gone dead and i had no electric power to recharge it .
i am so disappointed after spending almost $ on this product .
these num_extend airtime phones make cell phone costs within just about anyone s budget .
by going by the pictures this looked much bigger then it actually is .
they are more like a super dried fruit leather .
i couldn t find my former brand anymore  which had lasted num_num years  ,  so tried this one .
i ve tried this product multiple times since i purchased it ,  and each time the result is the same .
with so much rust it would probably fail in a short time .
i had a charging station num_num feet from the computer and still had problems .
it doesn t even hold a charge for very long .
it worked for num_num minutes or so and stopped .
i had an older pair of bluetooth headphones that had finally given up on me .
the plastic it is made out of is cheap cheap cheap .
i guess for the price all you can ask is that it works but barely .
cheap looking and weights less then num_num ounce .
i did read several good and bad reviews ,  but not all of the ones listed .
i ordered this to have on hand for the holidays and they are old .
i am replacing a worn out set that is num_num years old and weighs num_extend
same result ,  even though i used a bit of butter .
i like other watts products but unfornately this one just didnt work for me .
this particular one is just not as good as the other toys i have purchased .
it doesn t help that the opening is wider than the spout ,  too .
now that wouldn t be a problem if the price was commensurate with the low quality sound .
there are more nooks and crannies on this grinder than i care to deal with .
it s not like i am doing anything enormously strenuous either ,  just simple walking or the occasional elliptical session .
yet ,  for whatever the reason ,  i am not eating the junk i used to .
overall ,  i would think it would be worth trying it if it weren t for the price .
i tried using water to get rid of it ,  but that didn t work .
don t buy them ,  choose another brand or pay a little more for some that you can use .
it provides very little protection for your phone and the quality of the material is very poor .
maybe not as bad as some i have had before .
ahhh .  .  . one of the few times my amazon reviews have led me astray .
consider its high price ,  i do not recommend this unit .
i m going back to my  old ,  cheap  coffeemaker ,  at least i was guaranteed a cup in the morning .
i bought this brush based off the amazing reviews on amazon but im failing to understand why .
i was just grateful that i could return it . in response to some of the comments .
i returned them to amazon with no hassle .
i have gotten better toys from vendors for free .
i contacted the seller and was told they will ship me a new case .
i am glad i only paid around $ for this on a lightning deal last christmas .
i m not exactly a small guy ,  but certainly not obese either  i ordered num_extend
i was looking forward to this item when i ordered it .
not a bad product but i would not purchase it again .
i called amazon and they gave me a credit for my purchase though .
the sound is not very loud at all .
just that i was not able to push and pull it as smoothly as it is advertised .
the only good news is it only cost me num_num euros .
:   this sucks ,  because i originally really loved the case .
they are the worst quality headphones i have ever owned .
the piece that fits into the charging port to charge it up doesn t stay in the phone .
it never drops or gives me any trouble .
it went on better than the first num_num but i still can t get all the bubbles out .
while this basic filter ,  does physically protect your lens for cheap .
i only give it num_num stars because it does hold my dl and credit card securely .
this was the most ,  obnoxious vacuum i ve ever owned .
the edges of the one i received are rolled and not sharp .
i bought this and it just didn t cut it .
this was a num_num pack instead of the num_num packs that i usually get .
sometimes it seems too much work for the outcome gained .
mind you i wear a size num_num and only num_num lbs .
half the time when connecting it to the iphone it charges for a few seconds and then stops .
the picture is just deceptive to what you are actually getting .
when i eliminate greasy foods ,  it is not as oily and clears despite what soap i use .
i can choke it down so its edible and price wasn t bad but not buying this product again .
let me know if there is anything i can clear up in the comments .
this case offers nearly no protection at all .
they were going to send me a new set .
i have an iphone ,  and it s too wide and tall for this device .
this is the strangest pan i ve ever had .
i ve had it for a couple months ,  and have been steady trying to put this earpiece cusion on it .
i don t use this for whole house cleaning ,  though i have done whole rooms with it .
i would not have purchased for the price if i had seen them first .
half of the kernels at least were left in the popper at the end of the popping session .
this was a gift for my fiance and its a piece of crap .
i could not use it on my phone .
there were bubbles on either the right or left side .
i don t know if its the coffee or the maker ,  but too much grounds in the coffee from overflows .
i bought this item and within three months it was broken .
i work in an office ,  not exactly rough work .
i guess for $ you can t expect much .
at first i was excited about this product .
i m sorry i wasted my money on this product .
my phone and google voice worked fine ,  but not through the device .
mine broke just by taking my phone out of it .
as far as the style is concerned it s ok but the material for the screen protector is horrible .
yuck !  i ll stick with breakfast blends and regular cofee .
i ve had this for over a year and it just annoys me .
i did this as an add on to some things that i was buying for my phone .
the blade felt great ,  but the rest of the knife had a cheap feel to it .
this product dried out my hair ,  leaving it heavy and a bit sticky .
i m sure this stuff is fine for storage ,  but not for the microwave or oven .
but ,  as i stated before ,  look at the price .
buy a more expensive one and save your dollar .
i was unimpressed with this product and disappointed after the reviews .
the issue is when removing gel ,  the nails are softerand this tool is just too sharp .
but it just tastes off ,  i don t know how to describe it .
i spent the extra bucks to buy a plantronics .
it goes through batteries so quick unlike violet but that isn t even the main concern .
however this one is not the best out there .
once i started using only made in usa products the issues went away .
i get num_num for $ at the dollar store .
overall ,  they do sound ok in certain aspects .
it will work for half a bag of groceries ,  but not for a full bag .
this is a very tiny and an extremely thin product .
i think the unit we got was probably defective ,  so we returned it to amazon .
i didn t feel the need to keep purchasing this product .
i didn t note any odor while applying this product .
you are paying for thebrand ,  it is overpriced .
the reason i don t like it is that the handle is too short .
very convenient ,  no batteries  ,  no wires ,  truly num_extend
omg ,  it does not provide num_extend of coffee .
it s not worth saving a couple of bucks .
this is hit or miss phone ,  and seems to have serious hardware  no software fixes  issues .
the only good this knife had was how sharp the blade was .
these brushes are soft ,  but they aren t stiff enough to pick up powder or blend your makeup .
another cheap china product ,  but you get what you pay for .
i gave it chance but after num_num week i stopped using it ,  and everything returned to normal .
it s fairly inexpensive ,  but i was still frustrated that it only lasted for like num_num months .
the software occasionally dropped out and the unit had to be restarted but after that it worked .
i guess you get what you pay for here .
num_num stars because  it s ok;  it didn t impress me .
the buttons on it are very small and difficult to use when it s in your ear .
when my cordless was new ,   high  on it was about equal to num_extend
this is not a rapid charger as advertised .
but it defeats the purpose to not have the matching usb ac adapter .
sorry ,  this product did not meet my already low expectation .
i don t see it holding up for long either ,  seems really cheap .
it helps some ,  but will not really solve the problem .
for finger paints ,  i think i ll just stick with regular finger paints .
there are always excessive grounds in the coffee .
ibought invisible shield for the back of my iphone num_extend
i notice its worse when the video is bright .
i had a similar experience to most of the other reviewers .
i tend to be skeptical when people say a product seriously quit working after a few months .
i bought this about num_num months ago and it was falling apart within a few months of normal use .
i exchanged it for another one that did the same thing again .
i was excited to receive it ,  but that faded quickly as i checked it out .
they have almost a styrofoam consistency .  .  . so they aren t really crisp and snappy ,  just hard .
the picture kind of looks like a pink color ,  but it isn t .
the cover is cracked along the side so it will not stay on and keep the battery in place .
they also fall off faster than other brands i have used .
i personally only charge it when i really want to use it .
this item will be removed from my list of things to order from amazon ,  because of this .
if you try to put coffee in it ,  it s too hot to hold onto .
i m sure it was great but that is not the case anymore .
it was disappointing that this product didn t work the way i was told it would .
touch screen does not respond ,  phone freezes up and you have to remoe the battery to reset .
you are instructed on the machine to  clean after each use  on the grinder insert .
i ve tried tendskin ,  aha ,  bha ,  azulene oil and whatnot .
overall ,  an okay product but i was hoping it would deliver a little bit more .
i ve already paid for one round of repairs .
did my dog like beneful ?  yes ,  if i hand fed her or if she were truly hungry .
they didn t slide easily through the holes in my shoes .
bought it num_num years ago and i did seldom use it .  .  . waist of money .  .  . tried to sell it ,  nobody want it .
but reading all the reviews it seems that quality has gone down considerably .
mine does not work ,  it s brand new ,  shipped from amazon  so no blame on some third part seller  .
been using these stovetop espresso maker s for num_num years .
that brings up phone support . i literally spent over num_num hours with their support reps .
wasn t worth the money i paid for it .
i ve installed mounts for my num_num samsung num_extend and num_extend led tvs with no problems for num_num years .
this unit sports a micro usb connector this is what ended up breaking on mine they are very flimsey .
and no ,  it s not defective ,  because i bought two ,  and both of them leak the same .
the worst thing is how hard it is to hold when using the stylus .
secondly ,  this part should be metal and not plastic ,  as it malfunctions when tightened .
i wouldn t recommend ordering headphones from this company .
the wattage also seems low to heat such a large surface area .
the edges are not ground true ,  one side is groung more than the other .
in my experience ,  the htc evo num_extend eats batteries all day long so i purchased two of these kits .
too bad ,  it was fun while it lasted .
but the bottom line is that this is not doing a good job cleaning .
if you plan to use yours alot get a better one .
hey if u really are a starter go ahead and buy the thing .  .  . suckers .
it s so aggravating i quit using it ,  and am looking for a different model .
i do not know why anyone would give this a rave review .
i ve had this bag for over num_num years .
i ll be buying another bluetooth ,  but this will do for the time between ordering .
i had to wash my hands thoroughly with soap to get rid of the smell .
the design of the motor and the unit preclude it from being quiet .
i used to steam asparagus for num_num minutes .
i ve learned my lesson ,  you get what you pay for .
so now i know not to buy the hard plastic ones .
the only good thing about the cuisinart is that it comes apart to clean .
sigh . update : okay ,  so i took my refurbished zo in to figure out if it s me or the machine .
i ordered this and just could not believe how huge it was when i got it .
my num_extend ipod has a  dock connector  ,  but this transmitter does not fit on my ipod .
for the cost and quality of this vacuum it is not worth it .
the center compartment has a thinly wrapped insert like your typical duffel bag .
in my opinion ,  there are other products on the market that can do what this product claims to do .
but you get what you pay for it lasted num_num weeks before it broke .
product says it can fit a size num_num men s foot but it doesn t .
i ve been a fan of motorola products but this unit is driving me crazy .
i wound it carefully ,  so i know the inner spring isn t broken . in addition ,  it s ridiculously expensive .
but the pump did have some age on it so i began to search for a replacement .
the bottom line ,  this is just instant coffee ,  no bells and whistles .
it just wasn t what i expect in a coffee at  breakfast  .
i don t have the problem of having one hand being bigger than the other  .
batteries lasted num_num days tops compared to regular duracell coppertop batteries .
even if it was free and you only had to pay for shipping .
if you are into high quality sound ,  these are not for you .
i had used this brand years ago and never had a problem .
little light does light up in the front of the charger but phone does not charge .
it doesn t matter what speed settings you use in any software that utilizes the drive .
save your money and buy a better toy .
it may work well for others ,  but didn t work well for me .
help . maybe cheap headsets were better made five years ago .
this is not a good price for this item .
it only really worked well for the first two months ,  and then became rather weak .
in this case you get what you paid for .
the day i bought it i had num_extend over the course of num_extend hours .
the design is nice and it s compact ,  but it s practically useless due to the large inaccuracies it has .
i bought num_num varieties of dr mcdougall s dried soups ,  the black bean and lime ,  and the tamale .
i looked all over and read different reviews .
it s really old tech though compared to what is easily available today .
i think it actually amplifies surround sounds so bad its unberable to people on the other end .
once i stopped this product the issues went away .
it should not be that hard to take apart .
it peels right off ,  doesn t harden ,  and isn t even all that glossy unless you put on num_num coats .
the stove itself  not the pump  is heavy duty .
and up until that time ,  it was working ok .
i have put on screen protectors before and never had these type of issues .
it is made of junky plastic with garish colors .
i didn t even want a new one ,  i wanted this one to get fixed .
i ve owned num_num pairs of these ,  and they do provide o . k .
i could have gotten a lot cheaper set but wanted quality .
i had to purchase a new belt to replace this .
for the time being i guess i will have to buy the real oem samsung charger .
now when i plug it into the wall it makes a loud buzzing sound .
i returned the item today ,  after one week .
it does look exactly like in the photo unfortunately .
i like solgar products but this one didn t do it for me .
i received this product yesterday and attempted to use it this morning .
not much  better  in any quantifiable way than it is with apple s standard phones ,  but somehow more enveloping .
troubleshooting was useless . thankfully amazon handled the return quickly .
this product did pretty much nothing for me .
i don t remember what i paid but i do remember that they were relatively inexpensive .
i had to melt the cut end myself after trimming away the frayed bits .
it could just be me so that s why i gave it num_num stars rather than num_extend
know that you are getting a cheap knock off if you buy this filter !  .
i am going to get him a better set soon .
while extreme milk is forcing me to use just num_num serving per num_num oz of milk ,  to be tolerable .
it s difficult to  thumbnail  this volume control to raise and lower the volume .
i ll be going back to those ,  or making my own herb mixes .
it usually happens when i boot up a new device or shut down a device within range .
i would hope that amazon would monitor this discrepancy .
however after i wore them about num_num hours i could almost pull them off  .  .  .  .  . way too big .
now i have num_num extra couplers and a piece of junk .
i don t see any real improvementfrom using this .
i thought the cornbread was delicious when i tried it ,  but the next day it tasted seriously rancid .
the total i paid for this order is $  including shipping  .
it s not to her liking and the size is smaller than what she needs .
for example ,  i can get mono audio out by plugging in a telephone headset into the num_extend connection .
this in itself is painful ,  but it is the lesser of two evils . most people say this grinder is loud .
im about to trade to get a new phone .
if i had an ipad i would use them as they are nice but not for my iphone .
but i could not recommend it because of the poor quality .
i wish i d listened to the reviews that were posted before i bought this .
if they would have said num_num reusable clear screen protectors than i would have rated these a num_extend
wth !  ?  !  !  !  even bb and windows mobile num_num and num_num can do it back in num_extend
it s kind of flimsy and the moving parts don t move all that smoothly .
it reminded me of the sound of a shop vacuum .
i have smaller ears and this is very uncomfortable to wear .
i m coming from a galaxy nexus mounted on a samsung dash mount to an num_extend mounted with this .
it does have a cool squeak but i wouldn t recommend it because the felt is poorly fastened .
i did not like the taste of this canned coffee .
very hard to apply to the screen without trapping dust .
i considered returning the product until i found out that it could charge my num_extend controller .
my one complaint about the microwave is that the door is hard to open and close .
i had pain in my female area after taking it a couple of times .
the plug still works for other usb devices but the cord is worthless .
in the past i have been happy ,  but this time the product was made super cheap .
generally i like cuisinart products but this one would be better off rethought .
it was good at first but it broke after hardly any use .
as more time passed the battery life for it died a lot faster than you think it should .
i think it s so big and bulky that the cat nip doesn t really come through the stuffed animal .
and then i bought these  maybe i expected they would be bvetter ?   .
i have had three hoover carpet cleaners and shampooers .
that i needed to use email ,  tty or instant messing .
i was excited to recieve this from the amazon vine program .
i have normal skin ,  it is not excessively dry or oily .
so if you don t mind straining % or more batches of tea ,  buy this product ,  if not ,  don t .
fine if using a cup . waste of money for me .
finally ,  it turns itself on and off by itself ,  even if we are charging no devices .
it also doesn t fit in my desktop charging dock which i also like to use .
i poured the granules in to my  large  cup and added two cups of boiling water .
you need both hands to install the phone and it may not be that close to reach .
i suppose its great for older ,  dull appliances  seems more like a wax than a cleaner  .
it came in a bag and not a box .
i ended up returning them for a refund ,  as i know i can find better clogs for the price .
this item came with a hole in it right out of the box .
these are some of the narrowest shoes i ve seen .
maybe they make some good stuff ,  but this isn t it .
it can not perform heavy duty tasks . the battery charge is my biggest beef .
it s a slight bit better ,  but not much .
when i tried the jacket on ,  i was suprised at how small it was .
i had my sks for yrs and this item isn t needed .
i wish i had read some of the amazon reviews first .
i thought it was just a low battery but after i put new batteries in it still had issues .
instead of a steady drip the coffee pours through without picking up as much flavor .
i have had many bluetooth headsets and this one is one of the worse .
it no longer holds any more tension than a regular paper towel dispenser .
it put off some heat but the wind would wick away the heat allot .
i was really excited about receiving this item in the mail .
i felt very big and bulky when i had this belt on .
i d gladly pay more for a better product .
i have been using this for only a week .
my daughter is very into musical or talking dolls ,  but this one she isn t too interested in .
this means more surface area on the newer blades and that means less cutting .
once charged ,  it does not last as num_extend
i am saving up for a miele canister vacuum to replace this piece of crap .
i bought this filter to replace my penguin num_extend which is a num_extend filter .
if it goes off ,  i need to reposition the headset for a more secure contact .
i followed the instructions for stove top and it turned out horrible .
i think it s too big to be a good throwing knife for most people .
update :  i bought the milk chocolate at the same time and decided to try that .
your ear holes need to be an inch just to fit them in your ear .
this one looked as if it had been used .
i have num_num of these num_extend and a num_num automatic and a num_num with battery .
i was really looking forward to receiving this .
did not resemble the color that was advertised .
also ,  once it s done charging ,  it goes into maintenance mode automatically .
it does plug in ,  but not far enough in to hold securely .
i have had this scale for about num_num months .
do not have to smell the vinegar smell .
i ended up giving these to my girlfriend because they were freakin  small .
i keep it on just to keep dirt and other garbage from actually touching the lens .
second one was new but lasted only num_num weeks .
i would ve liked a little more fizz to it ,  i consider it just lightly carbonated .
given that they are sending me a replacement unit  i . e .
it is not an oem samsung vibrant  along with other models  battery .
i bought it as a num_extend mirror ,  but an num_extend mirror arrived .
i used them to bake cupcakes and the pink color got all over the pan and the vanilla cupcakes .
the timer is kind of confusing and doesn t really need to be of the electronic variation at all .
i had high hopes for this but it did not live up toits claim .
i purchased my minolta dimage num_extend new num_num years ago .
one of the iphones  my moms phone  is a num_extend and the cord will not charge it .
if i m on it and its on the charger it makes the percent go down instead of up .
this item arrive with one of the yellow handles broken off .
if possible i would have given it num_num stars !  .
i am in total agreement with the previous reviewer and would like to add that this thing leaks .
i also thought there were num_num in a package .
if you use a cell phone to text and not to talk this watch may be fine for you .
its flash is pretty bad with flash shots coming out dark .
i had planned to use it as a gift but that was not an option .
you need at least a num_num to num_num quart cooker to cook a decent meal with meat and vegetables .
there is not a very strong chocolate taste .
there are two problems that you need to be aware of .
i looked hard to find a genuine canon replacement battery ,  since most num_extend party batteries are bad news .
fortunately it didn t seem to leave any discoloration on my skin .
assuming it was a bad battery i changed it .
i ve already purchased the defender and the commuter cases for my iphone num_extend
i feel that it made some minor improvements in my skin tone but nothing dramatic .
considering it s  hencklels  ,  i m very surprised at the poor quality .
the cup size was perfect ,  but there is really little or no support .
after num_num days i had num_num hour of battery life .
they are much more cheaply made than they look .
i can t give a fair review on this ,  because i haven t used it yet .
i used to use this for my dog .
i plugged up my galaxy num_num and it charged it by num_num percent in a hour .
i really thought that this product would be like momma used to make .
i ve never had to power it down once . it just works ! so ,  avoid the linksys and get a netgear .
ran out of dominica and looking for a substitute ,  i bought this stuff .
i will need to replace this with something else .
it looks cheap and the design is weird .
the other two phones are with num_num bar num_extend and num_num bar h+ respectively .
i ordered these when they were a gold box deal ,  at a fairly low price .
after reading the reviews on amazon and other sites ,  i decided to try pariah .
i tried this product in my cold iced tea and limeaid .
this is no different when i use it with the presta adapter .
my advice ,  read the reviews  good and bad  .
this is while sitting in one place ,  with the headset placed on carefully and not adjusting it all day .
i wouldnt say this product is terrible ,  but rather cheap .
i thought switching to this brand would save me some money .
doesn t provide much heat ,  but i m not gonna drink it .
these may be ok for replaceable items like tires or parts that are severely oxidized .
basically the charger is a timed charger and does not detect batteries been fully charged .
i also experienced the problem with the cap not staying on the bottle .
this doesn t taste awful ,  but it doesn t taste like almonds .
scholl s foot file easily removed with little effort .
i have owned this product for num_num months .
the pump has been running none stop for num_num weeks now and i have not experienced any issues .
there are better options out there ,  especially considering the price ,  so take a pass on this poorly made offering .
i didn t expect this item to be that good as the reviews weren t .
for the price i paid i would have expected better .
i have tried this product only num_num times since purchasing num_num months ago .
it didn t make my eyes itch or sting .
i didn t notice a difference at all after using this product .
this was tested with a blackberry and a motorola cell phone on both speakers i bought .
i emailed them again for a refund ,  which they promptly did .
i keep the phone in same places now where i used to put with no screen protector .
also i d be afraid that the locker key would slip out or i d lose it .
what i received is not a genuine oem samsung charger or cable .
i was really looking forward to playing with this toy .
before i wrote this review i wanted to test that .
if you have an old junky system that has bad video anyway ,  then this would work fine for you .
i got three of this units and when plug in my samsung g iii it did not charge .
the sound is simply too poor to make this suitable for any sort of serious music listening .
this results in less flavor being extracted from the coffee than with a fine grind .
it s sad to see a great product trashed like this .
the price of this item is usd num_extend and there were shipping charge to my usa address .
if you are planning on using this to charge smartphones ,  be very weary .
for the price its not bad but be warned you get what you pay for .
i got this knife for around $ and would not purchase one ,  again .
it wasn t very stylish ,  and didn t seem to provide much protection .
the rod doesn t appear to be stainless so eventually it will corrode .
was disappointed ,  but thought it lasted a year and i d have to just get another .
it turns on when i open the car door . my main issue with it is the charger .
the package arrived badly damaged ,  however ,  the packets survived .
unlike my wife ,  who has same phone but purchased different case for color options .
to sterch it to num_extend you have to stretch the cord and pull the coils out .
not a product i would buy ever again .
in addition ,  the build quality appears to be on the cheap side ,  in some areas .
i wear a size num_num in pants so i thought that these would fit ,  but not even close .
i received my product very quickly but it came busted in the packaging .
because of this concern i have adjusted my rating from five stars to one star .
it s similar but has num_num contact points instead of num_extend right ,  left ,  and common  .
i ve used this stuffer for years because i didn t know any better .
i have tried to pop the kernels with and without oil .
i m returning the pair i bought for a refund .
for anyone wishing to purchase this and save a few bucks  as i did  ,  i would not recommend it .
you certainly cannot use this near you if you are on the phone alot .
these were in fact almost just like the plain ones .
it may work in other situations ,  but not what i bought it for .
otherwise don t expect much help from the customer service .
even after months of use this issue continues .
these are way over priced compared to that .
one of the components is a  salad  comprised of spinach ,  baby carrots ,  and apple ,  with a little olive oil .
even if you grease the cups ,  the eggs stick .
my roku num_extend navigates and plays these audio files num_extend
even when the cooker switches to warm ,  the contents continue to boil for a couple of hours .
but that is the reason that this thing gets num_num stars .
also i wanted a relatively inexpensive num_extend player .
while this adapter  works  ,  it has two serious flaws .
it was used for less than num_num minutes .
so i connect this cable from the splitter to a num_extend amplifier .
the coffee brews a bit weak ,  as well .
i m not saying that it doesn t work ,  i m just saying i am not impressed with it .
basically a hdmi cable transfers a digital signal from a source hd dvd  to an output tv  .
now i have to find a different one for replacement .
i bought these cause they were unshelled and cheaper ,  but not anymore .
while in the shower then comb through it then rinse it out .
i m on my third num_extend in the six months i ve owned it .
however with my num_extend num_extend though this can be an issue .
i wanted to use it mainly for in the car and on my moped .
my griffin iphone charge cable and some headphone jacks will not work with the commuter num_extend
i knew the price was too good to be true .
i also found the earbuds to be disappointing when trying to make a phone call .
i thought i was getting something better a piece of junk .
it gets a little bit off but not enough to make a difference .
it s ok but not what i was looking for .
hard to measure if it is working or not .
this gloves started off well but they don t last long .
pictures are grainy and lack details and vibrance .
so ,  i am back to the cheap cord that hasn t failed ,  unlike this brand new bad cable .
looking at other brands as i m very hesitant to buy this product again .
this product is simply too heavy to be carried around by a small child .
the color of the case in not even close to the picture .
i d rather have it really thin to just have friction to grab it .
using it for now till i can get a better one .
i should have read the reviews here on amazon .
it may be great for others ,  but it is not for me .
this silicone case does not fit tight around phone .
now i know i only paid $ bucks for these but they are supposed to be corelle ware .
i have been use coconut palm sugar ,  therefore i recognise it s taste .
so i sent it back to amazon for a refund .
it didn t help that the screen protector is considerably smaller than the screen by design .
at $ i think it is highly overpiced .
i am not completely disappointed ,  but it is not what i had hoped .
thus you are taking a real risk by buying a product like this .
okay ,  i would give this bra num_num or num_num stars except for num_num things .
it feels flimsy and doesn t lock together securely .
again ,  i haven t used it much and it barely sticks anymore .
i ve never had this problem with oem parts .
you can go get a cheap $ coffee maker and it would perform better than this .
i purchased this because i saw it writes oil free and it s cheaper than clinique . i was belied .
my new one didn t so i ended up throwing it away and getting a revlon turbo num_extend
in it s present form ,  keep looking . the num_num star reviews snookered me into this purchase .
also it s pretty expensive for it not to taste like a fine brewed coffee .
not sure about all the glowing reviews here .
based on some of the reviews ,  i expected it to perform much better than it did .
however ,  it s not worth the price in my opinion .
i just wish it was noted in the product description at the time i purchased it .
however ,  sadly it is not up to par .
you basically have about num_num types of each .
i m also annoyed that i can t charge my iphone and ipad at the same time .
after using it periodically ,  i found i liked it less and less .
i can barely hold all the stuff you need it to hold .
i didn t expect beats quality ,  but i expect some sort of hd sound .
the samsung battery ,  just to compare ,  only takes about an hour to recharge .
the case was flimsy and didn t hold very well to my phone .
but the ear piece needs to come off to recharge .
on the stock battery ,  i would get about num_num hours of light to moderate use .
however this saucony is not nearly as cushiony as i would like .
i may not have big ears ,  but they re not small either .
wish i could return it but i didn t pay that much so let s just say its one lesson learned .
i think i will only use it once a week instead of using it everyday .
i really had to scrub to get it off .
i had bought a round one a few weeks before this one .
for international shipping charges may vary and money needs to be converted into u . s .
it has a little less carbonation than a coca cola would .
i could sort of fix things by rebooting the router ,  which took about num_num or num_num minutes .
when you try to pull it tight ,  it just slips around the arm to the wrong position .
not too hard to get on or off .
looks like it was made in the num_extend and made cheaply as well .
are you kidding ?  the bag is not that big .
the machine is not complicated to use ,  but doesn t really do the job .
do yourselves a favor and stay away from this one .
also it does not come with the mesh that goes behind the ear piece speaker .
but did not get the results i was hoping for .
i picked my usual size but i had to tailored it ,  it wasn t the same after that .
i guess it works for some and not for others ?  .
the texture is good but the quality is bad .
i replaced my worn out battery and though this battery will give me more hours but not really .
i ordered the same shade from the same shipper .
the screen is way less resolution than the pictures would have you believe .
case is very cheaply build with flimsy hinges and clasps that are equally cheap and falls off easily .
i purchsed this because it said new condition but it was a mess .
had a hard time with the thick crust .
i would not recommend this unit for most computers as the battery is too small to provide reasonable runtime .
this product is by far the lowest standard product i ve ever purchased .
however ,  it just barely meets the power requirments of my laptop .
i wish there was a rating for value in regard to price ,  which i would have given num_num star .
it didn t look nearly as pretty in real life .
it didn t fit my hand and made it difficult to use .
it is not durable not do i feel it is safe .
even tho it has a new sticker on it i don t believe it .
these products are not a sure thing for everybody .
i had to wiggle the cord for my phone to charge .
there must be others out there that are better quality than this one ,  go find them .
i bought this as the cheaper regular ulay is no longer available .
get rid of whatever is causing that soap flavor .
for the price of this item i expected a much better built unit .
have purchased my num_extend kershaw blur num_num months ago .
i m not that out of shape and these things fit around my thighs like a tourniquet .
time to buy a new one ,  just not this one .
it was too big for my hand any way .
this has to be the most  glitchy  device i have ever had the displeasure of owning .
it fit me ok ,  but it felt too constricting for my head .
i like everything about this tripod except for the horrid pinch points on the leg clamps .
i am having the same problem as most people leaving reviews .
the battery doesn t last a day even with minimal usage .
i am constantly cleaning crumbs off my counter .
i purchased this unit and despite its good reviews ,  it was a huge disappointment .
plus needs like num_num large batteries that by themselves are $
it s also not any thinner than a normal one .
they were however cheap ,  so i really cant complain too much .
syphon filter used to be a sure thing ,  but now it s up the creak without a paddle .
first i tried it on the lawn tractor .
but it is not well matched to the size of the blade ,  which i feel is too tall .
the comments i have received have actually been negative .
even when it did work ,  the sound was off .
they know it was shipped to amazon . com for sale .
you spend your money and buy a  new  product .
update . the reason i was having cleaning problems with these wiper blades is because their old .
not designed to protect the phone from dropping .
so i wouldn t buy it again because it won t last .
i thought this was a very weak coffee .
if you want to grate cheese you need to squeeze the handle very hard .
i was actually pretty excited to get these ,  but when it arrived ,  it was defective .
it also has a unrealistically old fashioned style that makes it unflattering to look at .
they taste like dry cat food with a hint of cocoa .
it s hard to explain ,  but i just don t like it .
the graphics on the otehr hand arent that bad .
with arms  ,  i would give it num_num stars .
if you were a num_num d then buy a num_extend
if anything ,  i ll use the parts to build something else .
also ,  after my sleep is done ,  i m not sure if i feel more rested .
it takes a bit less less time to use this than in a fry pan .
the material is very cheap so it attracts dirt and it doesn t wipe off .
i bought this some time ago ,  and since it was my first mess kit ,  i didn t know any better .
the second time i used this scoop was a few days ago for some oatmeal raisin cookies .
one needs to constantly apply pressure and manipulate the fruit or it won t give you much juice .
she is highly food motivated but this just doesn t do it for her .
i bought these due to the price differences ,  but they are so hard that i sent them back .
i went back to the otterbox for better protection .
i use it a couple of time till it broke .
i weigh num_num and it feels like its partially flat when i tested it out .
i have ordered these before ,  but the quality is now nonexistent .
i bought this for myself and my mom because it was cheap .
i had it repaired but the clock went bad once again a few months later .
if the attachment had fit ,  i would have given it num_num stars because it did juice well .
it s not bad or horrible by any means ,  but it s just not something i want to eat .
noise is much better controlled than my old camera though ,  but iso num_num is equally unusable .
i was so disapointed and the price was alright .
all the parts were in the box and there wasn t any damage .
first of all ,  this unit it too big and heavy .
with the exception of having a particularly bad shipment ,  i can t see how this item got such high reviews .
don t get me wrong the num_extend looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back .
it is flimsy and has no lip to protect the screen .
if you do not own that system ,  this game can be downloaded via virtual console on the ds .
either way i can t imagine them lasting very long .
i have large hands but even for me the trackball is simply way too large .
i can not charge two phones or battery chargers .
all of the parts are cheap plastic that can break easily from pressure on the fruit .
i have literally never had such a terrible experience with a product before .
i contact sierra wireless and they gave me the run arounds all for a num_num dollar battery .
this product is not perfected in my opinion .
i am returning it after only one use .
i could adjust the static from barely audible to very loud .
i bought this because i was trying to save money instead of buying another littermaid .
this stone did more or less as it was supposed to while it was in one piece .
for like $ think i got it for more at best buy  ,  it s a waste of money .
sending this through the dishwasher once caused the finish to flake off and stain .
i was very excited to receive this lens after reading the reviews here at amazon .
sorry ,  but this product didn t do a thing for my dishwasher .
this is my num_extend num_extend that i have returned .
i really wanted to like this ,  and gave it a try ,  but hoppe s no .
i purchased num_num of these based on some of the reviews i read .
however ,  one can tell that the box is cheaply made since the edges weren t even .
those of you who have read my reviews have probably noticed that i don t write too many negative opinions .
i bought this when my dog was a puppy and hardly even used it .
i don t give many bad reviews ,  but i will in this case .
however ,  the cable far outweighs the phone itself which makes the phone hard to use .
but for some reason it doesn t hold up like it does in the picture .
this product was not what i wanted or thought i was ordering .
my original cable does not require me to forcibly yank out the cord .
as long the velcro isn t touching any sensitive skin ,  you re ok .
it looks and feels like a child s toy made of cheap plastic .
i had to use a lot of hand sanitizer to degrease my hands afterwards .
instead of using the patches i ended up using num_num mile an hour duct tape .
also ,  this protector reduces the touch sensitivity ,  which is annoying if you play games on your iphone .
i didn t pay a ton for it ,  so i guess im not out much .
when i first tried it on ,  i thought i would like it .
too bad ,  because i was looking forward to the convenience of using it with my kuirig brewer .
the adapter size was ok and the cord was long enough .
it is a riveted together and stamped steel piece of crap .
i have a stiff shoulder num_num months out from dislocating it and was hoping this would help .
i did return my first unit to the store and got a num_extend one .
despite some negative reviews ,  i purchased this waffle iron to replace my old one .
they would be great ,  but i don t think getting a larger size would help .
these are far too expensive considering they don t live up to the hype .
i tried this out ,  twice as per the instructions .
i like the size and form but this case does not fit my gsiii very well .
i am trying to conserve on electric as i have a solar electric system with free gas .
didn t work for me but you can try it for yourself .
i bet i couldn t sell it for $
not crazy about these as they are too big for my iphone .
the quality of this product is sub par .
this was the num_extend glass screen  different sellers  that i purchased .
it seems to help a little ,  but honestly ,  i just can t stand the smell .
if you do not want to lose your pet i wouldn t purchase this item !  .
these are tight rolled ,  small ,  and kind of dry .
unfortunately ,  i have not found it nearly as easy to work with as the thinner ,  disposable bag .
i wanted this case really bad for my galaxy num_extend and was very excited when it arrived finally .
first of all the instructions are not even close to how to work it ,  .
since it is plastic ,  it is broken now .
it is not that simple of a task .
thatsnot all bad ,  its not all good though either .
even if it were black instead of white it would have looked nicer .
i will eat them ,  but they do not have the kind of flavor i was dreaming of .
and it doesn t sharpen knives . instead of this ,  buy the rada knife sharpener .
i ordered the small and it was way too big .
the flashlight works ok ,  reasonably bright for the small size ,  but not the reason i bought the product .
i discarded the quaker oatmeal and made some plain irish oatmeal and added my own cinnamon and spices .
i didn t bother to return it :  price was quite low .
i used on an old lg optimus ,  samsung sii ,  and asus tablet .
the parts feel chintzy and overall looks like a cheap kit .
i tried this product because i had seen a review for it and was out of my powder .
my phone would run out of battery so fast .
at first it did work ,  then after about two weeks it crapped out .
it s edible ,  but not particularly appealing; i would describe the contents as tasting something like  damp flavored sawdust  .
i had my heart set on a self propell vac because i have a bad back .
i would rather pay more money and get better quality .
it is a standing ,  thinner and perhaps smaller version .
originally ,  i ordered a size num_extend but it was way too small .
i am a size num_num e  dddd  and got the size num_extend
just have to buy a better quality one .
quality is poor as can be expected . after all ,  its a sub $ knife ,  made in china .
the plastic does not work well with the touch screen .
i will shop around for a different brand .
i bought the soundbot num_extend headphones and have not had a problem with them .
it has a cleaning mechanism that is only about twice as bothersome as cleaning the razor by hand .
sometimes i have to do it several times just to get it to charge my iphone .
these were not horrible but not good either  , t hey tasted more like plain fig newtons .
i sent this back and ordered another product that was much better .
waste you own money and time if you have the guts too .
but it is way too heavy for what i thought it would be .
i will buy again only because of the bang for the buck .
this is not one of my better purchases .
so we re going back to the coffee maker we were using before receiving this one .
this drink has a strange sort of fizziness to it .
i really wanted to like these headphones  see below  .
the link in the bottom was the ones i bought in num_extend those had better sound quality than these .
i am not a morning person and need my coffee waiting for me .
but at the end of the day i feel like i ve just wasted more time than i ve enjoyed .
i didn t realize they were so thin compared to other manufacture s products .
the product isn t that effective ,  not that matte .
there are cracks and crevices everywhere ,  which makes cleaning this unit a chore .
i then bought num_extend and they seem smaller than the xl .
thought my dad might like this ,  but sent him something else .
i wanted to like these ,  i really did .
sad because i was looking forward to it for a christmas present for the kids .
seems like this should be able to handle all of this .
i probably should have purchased the small but you don t really know until you have and tried the product .
it was junky and i returned the item .
also even if you could get these on your phone correctly they do not stay adherent to the phone .
samsung makes great phones ,  but apparently their chargers are garbage .
this is a very small usb charger for your car charger .
but really ,  really disappointed after all of the great reviews .
i installed the num_extend with the num_extend router on my xp desktop ,  which went without a hitch .
this is like a can of generic tomato soup with some overcooked bits of fish scraps in it .
it was not made as great as i had hoped .
i got it working but the screen would not fit flush ,  it was sticking up .
my oem battery last a lot longer than this crap .
ordered via prime membership ,  got item shipped in about num_num days .
it s gummy and a little loose ,  the buttons don t quite fit .
since i use it topically ,  i don t care that much .
it s not the most expensive brand nor is it the exotic nature of the coffee that is my snobbery .
i was disappointed as i would expect a bit more mileage out of a product this expensive .
i don t like it ,  won t really work for me .
if i had my choice i d buy a better grinder stuffer than buy this crap .
i was doing less cleaning then i was with the aqueon .
if anyone wants a barely used pair of num_extend let me know .
then again ,  it doesn t really have any taste .
all in all it s really cheap and crappy materials .
it even destroyed the edge of an unused blade .
on a scale of num_num to num_num for suction i d give it a num_num or num_extend
if you re only buying these based on price i would say buyer beware .  .  . you get what you pay for .
it was like a slightly sweeter honey graham cracker . but the taste didn t live up to the smells promise .
if you use the vacuum i guess the bags are fine .
i tried connecting this charger to a few other devices .  .  .  . nothing .
it should not need to be modified in order to work properly .
i ended up piling it in the closet .
there are better products out there for my money .
this is an inferior phone with tons of issues .
and that ,  to me ,  doesn t make the most appealing snack .
i contacted amazon and they acknowledged this and sent me another .
it still sticks but removing it from any surface leaves a residue and has to be cleaned away .
this device does not cancel out background noise .
i have purchased like num_num from this seller .
i got this for a decent price ,  but the quality of these supplies is pretty bad .
effective or not ,  i can t see myself purchasing this product in the future .
we have num_num large beds that we have been using for about a year .
i also bought aaa and i need num_num for my device .
been using mine for num_num years so far .
i will be attempting the battery removal technique .
there has to be a better product than this .
well ,  i ordered a few of these to replace some from oddly enough ,  meguiars .
it had the potential of tasting good ,  but tastes absolutely awful to me .
this is the num_extend philips product i have purchased in my life  the other is a num_extend tv  .
ordered a size larger ,  and it too again ,  was too small .
the set is dirt cheap . cons :  the car charger didn t work at all .
it does work but the quality leaves a bit to be desired .
to get a replacement battery ,  expect to pay around $
i dont need it to run movies ,  but would like to have some apps available to me .
the rubber that secures the filter is not the same as the hoover brand .
boooo !  !  !  i was so excited to get this and it didnt last !  .
plus it says its for a evo num_extend and num_extend
i changed num_num batteries in one week ,  making sure my kids were always turning it off between uses .
i am not sure where all the good reviews came from ,  but mine is not one of them .
it didn t work well for me in the microwave .
it s a crap shoot as to what quality you get .
need to get another one that won t rust .
it s just that the material they used to make the sole is so cheap ,  it just doesn t last .
but in my civic it wasn t so good  cheap tuner  .
the product arrived on time ,  without cloth bag which was okay because it all went into the trash .
the only thing it will do is charge the phone .
i ve tried unpairing and resetting my phone with it ,  that doesn t solve the problem .
like everything else that s now made in china ,  it is very cheaply made ,  utilizing cheap materials .
it s comfortable but not practical for someone my size .
i received one bottle that cost me ten bucks .
when we first moved in we had a small mouse problem so i started traping them .
maybe i just got a bad one ,  may replace and try again .
soft rubber that s of somewhat inferior rubberize material .
there is a reason why some things are cheap ,  and it s because they are .  .  . ummm .  .  . cheap .
quality and style were fine but fit was not .
rather than going to the trouble of returning it i just continued to use my old charger .
the battery life is terrible and i have even put brand new batteries in that were completely dead .
i should have only purchased one before getting another one .
additionally ,  the mouthpiece is fairly short and does not overtake your face as you talk .
i bought this drive about num_num year ago and didn t use it very often .
i had to pay $ dollar s to get it fixed .
this case would be ok if it fit .
i have had the product for about num_num months .
i don t know how this bag managed to get almost num_num positive reviews .
crocs ,  keep the materials a little on the squishy side ,  even a little harder makes them not as cool .
too bad ,  but i d rather pay a bit more and get something better .
but for those of us who are real coffee drinkers this is not a substitute you will like .
the num_extend aperture was nice but this lens was not sharp .
travel :  this item is large enough the travel is not necessarily made convenient by having this item .
i have put anti glare screen protectors on every device i own ,  and haven t had these issues .
you may wish to stir the mixture every num_num hours so that it hardens more quickly .
as mentioned ,  flat bottom means no pooling of water in the dishwasher .
either way i wasn t too impressed with the battery .
if you re looking to buy this ,  then go buy nba num_extend instead .
i checked size num_extend which was the only size left ,  and got a num_extend
now .  .  .  . how long to get this out of my system entirely ? i have been taking for one month .
the item arrived in packaging looking like it had been opened prior and had been returned .
i sent them back and to the credit of the company they sent me a refund quickly .
it s a shame because i do love the smell .
i ve received complaints about every new headset of this type .
i have never had this happen to me before in my life .
that is when i recieved the version num_extend
this was an expensive repair . i am now shopping for another case with better protection .
i sharpened about num_num knives before the ceramic cracked or wore away .
i like to put my phone in one of several external speaker systems and this requires removing the case .
i have used this mixer for num_num years or so .
i don t know why i bought this ,  maybe because it looks cute on the picture .
this is not a cheap product so there s no excuse .
i had high hopes from all the great reviews ,  but no luck .
by contrast ,  this diet swiss miss from the sensible sweets collection is only num_num calories if made with water .
in the gravy are slices of white and red ?  chunks of meat ?   meat like substance ?   .
i bought this before i bought a battery pack with the initials rs .
they sent me a second one and it was the same thing .
after num_num months this battery also failed so i won t bother buying another .
the only reason i gave this vacuum num_num stars was for the cleaning ability .
the construction is heavier and  clunkier  than it needs to be to perform its job properly .
want to know why the ds is much cheaper ?  thats because you get what you pay for .
the cover is attached to the headset with a very thin vinyl cloth .
it is pretty cheap ,  and that is what you get .
i had no problem with any ports being blocked and such .
however the stainless steel items are rarely used because they are so hard to keep clean .
sorry i can t give a glowing review of this product .
if it was less expensive i wouldn t mind as much ,  and just chalk it up to extra protection .
given that ,  rather expensive for what you get .
i bought ,  exchanged ,  and then returned this unit .
anytime you take it off and put it on it will scratch the sides of your phone .
the bag was nice but just didn t last .
wish i read the reviews on this site first .
yes ,  even with the device off ,  the charger still cannot keep up .
i have to buy a new one . the only good thing is that it s light weight and with long cord .
also the material inside is not as soft as it used to be .
wasn t what i expected but you get what you pay for .
hoped i would get more use out of these for what i paid .
i delayed buying the white ones for that reason .
i had it a month or two and it just quit working .
the first time i used it i mixed it with water .
i suppose the other reviewers just had better luck .
i think this explains the long charge times and the lame battery life .
i guess you really get what you pay for .
my mom s finger nail went right through it too so the material is very ,  very thin .
i wouldn t buy if you were looking for something that will last in battery .
i ended up using a plain spatula for a much better effect .
the lip is guess you would call it is too thing to fit snug in place .
this is true; they do push systems of num_num or so ,  but this is num_extend
a new type of car would have been nice  or at least more color options on the existing ones  .
it has a taste like watery powdered milk ,  and the formula doesn t dissolve very easily .
talk about a sugar high .  .  !  ! no more for me .
after i ordered it i went to my num_extend store in pa and they had it there for num_extend
i m really disappointed about that part .  .  . as i really loved amazon prior to this purchase .
for how expensive it is ,  i expected to get one similar to the one they made in the num_extend
for replacement and they finally sent me a replacement .
do the math ,  and you will find that the num_num pack is less per battery than the num_num pack .
i bought this charger and less than a month later it stopped working .
i have a similiar one  not this brand that i ve had for over num_num yrs .
this keyboard is decidedly not a mechanical switch keyboard of any sort .
i am not a fan of cases that cover any amount of the front of the phone .
this tool is junk .  .  . the ears broke off while trying to adjust the elevation on my romanian ak .
however ,  upon the very first sip ,  i couldn t believe how far from vanilla taste this coffee was .
it says num_num on it ,  which is sterling silver .
i was so hoping it would ,  but with the mixed reviews ,  wasn t sure .
i switched to a different shampoo and had no issues .
you just don t expect these to be made of hard plastic and so small .
i ordered this because it was the cheapest num_extend i could find on here .
my first pair having purchased at least num_num years ago .
this product doesn t deliver the hold that i need .
i tried placing this unit behind my microsoft num_extend wireless router  which sits behind my cable modem  .
i can t believe they are charging $ for this .
this phone start having problems after the num_extend num_num months which was not good for me or my daughter .
i was hoping it would work like so many others .
right .  .  . anyway ,  while many people seem to like this product ,  i am not a fan .
but my main concern was how awfully hot the outside of this thing gets .
telephone cord is shorter than that stated on the label .
i tried to change the batteries for the second time .
i expected so much more and was quite let down when the cover did not fit my phone snugly .
thin plastic junk ,  typical of the toys coming out today . the drawer is convenient ,  but sticks .
when i finally recieved it ,  it was a hello kitty rubber case .
other than that ,  the build quality is just not there .
i did not try this long enough to be able to state whether it works or not .
it was a little work to put together but not much .
i have used two of these and i think i need to get the higher quality ones .
i was excited to try this product because of all the positive reviews .
now i have to buy a better more expensive one .
i was looking forward to getting this product . when i opened the first can and tasted the first olive .
my wife wanted a bt speaker for her iphone .
i tried this coffee as a drip and in the espresso maker .
i should have paid attention to the reviews instead of thinking it would be different for me .
but none as low as the current amazon price . i wish i would have checked online first  :   .
i ended up returning the headset because the earpiece did not work .
we ve had this vacuum for a little over a year .
if the batteries are fresh ,  it will charge a device ,  but not quickly .
i also have a narrow foot and these shoes were very wide .
nothing wrong with the delivery .  .  . just with the product itself .
bought this for my num_num year old as kind of a filler christmas gift .
returned to amazon as they were defective hassle free .
i ve owned it for about a year and a half and am desperately in search of a new machine .
the price should be a huge factor in buying something that cost this num_extend
the peeling is painful and you are for sure damaging your skin .
this one went back and i will keep my num_extend
sound effects are weak and you can barlely hear the smacks .
i would not get another one it was poor quality .
i finished it in about num_num hours ,  compared with about num_num hours for num_extend
so i m going to purchase a bubble free screen protector like i have on my ipad .
in particular ,  the handle has hard plastic ridges on the underside .
i installed it on my windows num_num laptop .
maybe they work better for large heads ,  i don t know .
it s the blue rubber thing on the bottom .
i doubt it will protect your phone if you drop it .
i just used this comb on my num_num year old daughter combing through her entire head .
i usually like a lot of onions in soup ,  but this was ridiculous .
i m going to end up tossing this and ordering a better one .
for the price this should have lasted a long time .
my budget athena num_extend speakers have a num_extend tweeter and a num_extend driver .
i bought this splitter less than five months ago .
also ,  the material is very cheap feeling and can be tight on some people .
save your money !  !  don t waste your time buying here .
i can only describe it as chaulky and disappointing  for my taste  .
now the ipod is connected to the pc and is being charged .
the case doesn t fit snuggly on my phone .
but i guess you get what you paid for .
this egg timer worked well the first time i used it . after that ,  it just did not work .
moreover ,  i haven t yet been able to get the battery to work in the phone .
and cutting dough for noodles or pie dough .
every time i plug this so called  product  into iphone num_extend it says  impossible to charge with this device  .
when moving around with the headset on ,  it had so much static that the other person couldn t hear me .
then i got in the shower and it washed off almost completely .
the biggest issue is that the earpiece is just way ,  way to big to accommodate a normal adult ear .
however ,  if you are expecting audiophile quality ,  you will be disappointed .
mt butter was very soft ,  but it fell into the bowl of water .
i know $ isn t a lot of money ,  but .
lucky for me ,  i had purchased this product while it was marked down .
fortunately not after i d already headed out .   i figured it was a fluke and ordered a replacement .
maybe i have misshapen ears ,  but these are terrible .
these were too big and fit too high on the waist .
although some people seem to like it ,  i cannot recommend it .
the product concept was great ,  but materials were poor .
at first ,  it worked ok for like num_num months ,  charging num_num devices .
total crap ,  thankfully amazon is awesome and i got a full refund ,  don t waste your money .
i really wanted this to work but it never charged my phone for more than num_num minutes .
on that note though ,  i would save that $ to make an investment in a better brush .
it s pretty bulky and it seems to be too high for me .
i m sorry ,  i wasn t a fan of the gevalia dark chocolate truffle ground coffee .
however ,  it looks so fragile that i can t keep it out of plastic bubble wrapping .
even when it is in your hand ,  it is hard to put in .
obviously ,  i tried new batteries ,  and that didn t work .
i was worried ,  so i had to rinse it off .
if i could use it with no smell ,  i might like it better .
but not mounted on the wall i bought it for .
but i think its better to pay more than having just num_num minutes of this .
odds are it will cost more to fix then it would to buy a new one here .
the product does not live up to its title .
my first one of these was broken out of the box .
and this is not a bad product ,  really .
well ,  what should have taken num_num minutes ,  took num_extend no % less time there .
i wish i had !  i got this for my num_num year old  she just turned num_extend for christmas .
when i received it and tried it on ,  it felt disgusting on my skin .
i used this charger everyday to charge my droid phone .
it is very uncomfortable on me ,  my ear feel squashed and pulled by the headphone .
so whenever i didn t feel like dragging out the heavy vacuum ,  i used the lightweight hoover .
num_extend device or my iphone device so you cannot use it to make voice activate calls from the zomm .
i wish you could turn the volume up or down ,  its just one loud sound .
this does work ,  however ,  it does not dissolve completely overnight .
buying a kitchen tool which will likely not be used again . disappointing .
how do i know if this thing even is doing what it s supposed to ?  ?  ?  .
it washes off easily but doesn t smudge ever .
i believe that the actual ear pieces are too small .
still ,  i won t buy this to me oversweet product again .
i even made sure the screen was completely clean and dry before applying it and everything .
i want a knife that gets the job done ,  not an ethereal disappointment .
once the batteries run down and u put a new set in .
a drawback to be able to use full function of num_num phones .
after a couple of hours ,  this feel was gone .
if amazon would sell these then we would buy them .
taste is ok but nothing to rave about and not as good as with regular unprocessed honey .
for less than $ shipped ,  i figured i didn t have anything to lose .
save your hard earned money and spend it on something you deserve !  .
my num_extend num_num cake pan starting peeling only after a few uses .
obviously ,  i have brand confidence but i m not happy with this cheap plastic product .
i could have exchanged for a whole size smaller and still be roomy .
well ,  i thought i was buying a good product ,  boy was i wrong .
this is the num_extend case i ve bought for my num_extend
after the first one i couldn t make myself eat another so that was it for me .
these were not that sticky and they were as thin as they could be .
it is difficult to get the can opener into the correct position on the can .
i ended up spending a long time with this under very hot water .
they are ok ,  but not quite what i was looking for .
i bought this filter replacing a hoya that i had accidentally scratched .
i know this is an inexpensive knife ,  but i ve held cheaper knives with better scales .
they don t taste nasty or anything just like sugar taffy .
sounded good but too bad it didn t taste good .
it doesn t last that long either for the price that i paid because mine is now broken .
i purchased this because my num_num year old cat has become so skinny and needs extra calories .
i don t think this thing worked at all .
i didn t even bother plugging it in as it was so cheaply made .
i returned them and got a full refund ,  but i would have rather had what i ordered .
it just takes a while to fully charge num_extend hours  .
i had to put some locks on the handle to be completely sure it s not going to open .
they way i cook these racks just get in the way .
if you wait even a couple of minutes ,  it ll be too cold to drink .
i couldn t have been more wrong . as headsets go ,  i have worn a lot of them .
i have another speedloader case bought from midwayusa and the quality difference was vast but the price was not .
to me its just dumb to waste money on headsets when you can have a good one for cheaper .
after reading a lot of good reviews ,  i have to say that this product is not that great .
i ve owned a dsc num_extend for num_num years .
not recommended from me !  !  wanted it to work since no stuffing ,  but no match for lab teeth .
additionally ,  it is very large and difficult to store ,  num_extend inches across the handles .
while the music is halfway decent ,  that s about the only redeeming factor .
you first must attach a small device to your phone .
when i hooked up a different s video cable that i had there was no interference .
its good only for tv audio . the battery life is ok .
this thing deliver num_extend amps ,  meaning it takes num_num times longer than normal to charge your batteries .
the wrist strap partially obstructs the compact flash door on the side .
this review doesn t even deserve num_num star !  i hope to get my money back from this !  .
the strap around the wrist was very  heavy  or prominent .
then takes a long time to put back together .
if the bread is of a lighter constituency ,  it may not fully bake on the top .
i had high hopes for this based on other reviews .
that makes me quite unhappy with the purchase . it appears to be genuine samsung though .
i purchased num_num of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews .
my experience with them wasn t satisfactory and i resented having to buy filters for them .
i stress  meal replacement  because at num_num calories it is more than a snack .
this one doesn t even come close to the quality of the old stuff .
i have to have mine repaired ,  and minimum repair is $
we ve only replaced the batteries twice ,  which is an event all its own .
i was under the impression it was all stainless steel .
headphones you might find at the dollar store !  they are cheap because they are cheaply made .
i do not have to move my gardening pots very often anyway .
i intended to make coffee drinks more robust ,  like heavy roast or espresso .
i have been an audiophile for num_num years .
i m going to have to get another pair .
i received it on time ,  but it didn t work .
it just got here and as i took it out of the box ,  i noticed broken bars .
so i installed a front protector on my iphone num_extend and i got the same imperfection .
don t care for this style for my phone .
something that is going to support a stove ,  with explosive fuel and fire ,  should not be flimsy .
i discovered num_num num_extend the unit itself is very cheap .
the case is the consistency of gummy bears and is a very loose fit around the phone .
be clear that if water gets on the phone lifeproof does not cover the damage to your phone .
it s so small in size and there is no give to the elasticity in it at all .
i thought sony made great products but this one i could do without ,  a waste of money .
never had this problem with my motorola branded ones .
this thing is an extraordinarily expensive piece of junk .
if you are seriously interested in purchasing this product ,  be sure you don t pay over $
that is a  dry apply  protector ,  and is much easier to apply ,  and far better to look at afterwards .
game but i wouldn t have payed full price for it .
there was some sort of odd ,  bitter taste ,  almost as if the coffee was old or something .
as long as you don t try to use it at all while it s charging .
however i am quite short so that could just be me .
it just blurs the numbers . oh yeah ,  it s cheap .
i suggest purchasing this product from another seller ,  if you have to .
they were also too short for me ,  which made them look even wider .
the screen protectors come off the side of the phone .
eventually i gave up and brought it back for a refund .
i received the bag yesterday and not really amazed by it .
but it s a thick glass jug in your kitchen and cabinet .
i bought this case because i like the fake otterbox cases .
i wish i could rate this product with num_num stars .
this product really did not work for me .
it has been on my phone for about num_extend months daily use  since and the rubber is simply falling apart .
it looked good on the computer ,  but once i received it the wrist band looked cheap .
it has some nice features ,  but it is very disappointing as a phone .
this is not a hot drink that i would try again .
i ve tried several products by  motions  and fortunately they do not all smell bad .
the product is cheaply made and doesn t last as long as it should .
since it didnt work the first time i used it .
the overall sound was still rather tinny even in the best of orientations .
it worked for about num_num weeks ,  then suddenly became mute .
that s when i m not using it while it s charging . it works if you re asbsolutely desperate ,  which i was .
the problem is ,  as fun as it sounds ,  it just isn t fun when you actually do it .
the plastic on this holster is a lot thinner than the holster that came with my xdm num_extend
it probably costs about $ to make in china and so the price is an affront .
it appears to be a fine piece of equipment ,  but i had to send it back .
some when i pull them up from the filter . i now buy a different brand .
right ?  i would say nice try ,  but maybe a bit off the mark .
so when i bought these ,  i thought i was getting the same thing .
now don t get me wrong these headphones sound just fine but they definitely do not sound like $ headphones .
i really don t think i ve ever tasted anything worse .
this was also expensive so i was even more disappointed .
however ,  i felt this a cheap ,  china ebay transaction .
just press the button on the zomm to answer a call and use it as a speakerphone .
waste of time and money for a tool that only does one task .
the only reason i would suggest buying this is if you have a remote line .
the midland units that run on ac power  with battery backup  are somewhat better ,  but still difficult to use .
i really like the jambox at very low volume ,  but that s it .
pretty meh quality sound etc . you can find better for roughly the same price if not a few bucks more .
however ,  it is basically just soft clear plastic draped over wire .
i wanted to like this because it is so affordable but it just didn t work for me .
i purchased this product about num_num years ago .
tried these for my num_num gallon gold fish tank .
but ,  it does cook food as advertised ,  but the actual cooking space is limited .
i tried it out ,  it is not a qi compatible charger .
i ve tried them on my last camping trip and .
wish i read the reviews before i bought it .
taste is so so ,  not horrible ,  not great .
it s not to save power  the device is powered by your car  .
bought this to impress my wife ,  but it did not fit well ,  and the construction was cheap .
i may consider keeping it as a glorified hand vac ,  but it is not useful to me otherwise .
at $ and an additional $ to $ per recipe ,  it should all be in the box .
the knife isn t sharp and is hard to sharpen .
i purchased two oem htc usb travel charger adapter num_extend from two different vendors here .
the first two i purchased because i didn t know these would have this kind of problem .
i only used it for a couple of months then it was tossed .
i bought a case ,  since i mainly only use organic  newman s own canned food for all my cats .
my advice to you ,  just buy another game or perhaps two since this game is so ridiculously expensive .
it looked like it was not wide enough for the iphone .
i bought num_num of this spf ,  and am returning num_num of them .
i used it with tea and it was nasty .
this is my only num_num star review of any product .
when it s working it s fine ,  but it rarely is working . i have owned this machine for approx .
just not worth the money you gonna spend on this thing .
so ,  i set up the rest of the coffee and my husband pours it .
these seem to run small and the fabric isn t as soft as i was hoping for .
ut so are a lot of cheaper brands .
kept me protected from sun ,  but ,  just too hot to wear and dampness does not wick away .
price is much too high for what you get .
also ,  the mic is not that sensitive ,  and my friends can not hear a thing i say online .
it isn t nasty ,  but isn t good without some flavors put into it .
as a product it should get num_num stars .
i don t know if i may have used too much ,  but it was too glittery and pink for me .
that took a while due to various electronics being fried ,  but i did do so about a week later .
i ve had it for about num_num months ,  and you guess it ,  the cd changer broke .
the print on this iphone cover is rather amatuerish ,  and plastic cover is no protection for iphone .
it is almost the exact same phone only made of cheaper materials .
i liked the idea of this but when i received it ,  it was not functioning .
it may work for you ,  but it didn t work for me at all .
ok ,  i have tried these for years after using a bunn .
i am normally a size num_num and was kind of in between the small and medium .
this happened even after i upgraded the firmware  :   .
i bought this intending to plug it into my computer .
i was so excited to purchase this set for my husband whom is very pickey about his clippers .
first off ,  before i ordered this product i was aware that not everyone loves it .
i have tried it a few times and have had no results at all .
i even used to make my own when i was younger .
i really wanted to like this tea but it was too strong for an num_extend cup of water .
scanpan claims they do not  coat  their pans ,  but this sure seemed like coating to me .
i am used to unscented products but nothing like this .
so i don t know if i got a fake battery or not . not happy with this battery .
when it comes to a boil ,  let it roll for about num_num seconds .
ive tried to bend it back a bit ,  but then it looks like someone tried to straighten it .
i had this product for a few years now ,  and have only used it a dozen times or so .
i have had it less than a week and it is already broken .
overall its ok ,  it looks like it will protect my ipod but it is a hassle .
the seller might be a good person but dont buy this battery .
i do not think this flavor makes it taste better .
they re pretty ,  but unlike most apple products ,  these basically suck .
ordered num_extend one for my wife s iphone num_extend and one for mine .
until then this is a bit of a useful but flimsy throw away gadget .
second the case does not protect your phone very well .
before ,  whenever i opened my dishwasher after a powerscrub cycle , this stuff would leave  stuff  all over the dishes .
i don t feel any different after taking these for a month .
the thing is ,  there s really no point in a toy like this if it s not fun .
update :  case has now broken in several places to the point it no longer holds the phone in .
good thing i didn t spend much on it ,  .
the color of the case is not the same as the pic online .
i don t know how effective it is ,  but it smells awful .
i believe the battery is a motorola battery but certainly not brand new .
the belt clip is weak and it pops off a belt or pocket top very easily .
it is a good concept but too difficult to get the phone in and out of the case .
they do look cool but even the $ skullcandy earbuds with poor sound quality sounds better than these .
the rubber seemed better than the first case ,  but again it is becoming stretched out again .
had it only cost me $ i would have been ok with it .
don t bother ,  just go buy one of them zaggs for $
then it turns into a white ,  flaky powdery coating .
they were for small childred and they didn t cost that much .
it s light as a feather ,  and is not going to stay put unless you tape it down .
it feels nice for maybe num_num minutes but after awhile it is not .
there wasn t anything special about the flavor or taste .
a bit shocked by the lack of quality here .
i knew this was to cheap but this thing is junk .
i know it is hard to explain .   finally ,  the software matched the machinery and the system error vanished .
i returned these and ordered a larger size in a narrow .
you need a pretty large head for these to fit snugly ,  and there s no way to adjust them .
however ,  the plastic case cracked when i removed the cover to access the battery .
both of the machines that i just bought have the same problem .
i have replaced the batteries twice but it doesn t make a difference .
i m a bit ambivalent about this product ,  but lean way toward the negative opinion side .
i would recommend that you spend your money on those instead .
waste of money since product does not work for me .
they did not blend easily like other brands  such as l oreal hip which is what i normally use  .
like i said they are ok for the price but i don t recommend buying these .
i did notice a slight bit of extra fullness ,  but i would not recommend it for the cost .
i thought i was getting a metal case .
i wouldn t recommend anyone to buy this item .
i began to think i was too heavy for it to work .
it s like my iphone ,  can t see the screen in sunlight .
i was so upset when i found out it was made in china .
thankfully ,  it didn t taste burnt but there was no  hint  of caramel either .
there was barely a hint of coffee flavor .
do not waste your money on this one .
it does not look expensive ,  and at $  us  it is not .
i can t believe another reviewer gave this num_num stars .
i ordered a couple different colors ,  and they all were hit or miss .
the glow is so faint it doesn t even really look like it is glowing not what i wanted .
do yourself a favor and spend the money to get a decent machine instead of a toy .
that s about the only good thing i can say about it . it tracks .
no frills here folks ,  you get what you pay for .
i decided to upgrade to this bluetooth and was really disapointed .
i didn t understand why it stopped working after about three weeks of using it .
threw mine out a day after i got it .
sometimes you get what you pay for and this is no exception .
keeping that in mind ,  here are the num_extend
maybe i had my expectations set a bit too high .
considering it is a product of china the price seems quite expensive .
it taste like coffee ,  but it taste fake ,  like instant coffee does .
i have had other brands which tasted better .
this is the first time i am experiencing such a thing with my amazon order .
when taking the case off ,  it feels very flimsy as if it s going to snap but it never did .
music sounds bad ,  loses most the high and low frequencies .
but i guess i didn t expect much for this price .
i would look for another case if i were you guys .
the first one i received was packed in a larger cardboard box with other items i ordered .
maybe i m not a red tea drinker or maybe it s the flavor ,  i m not sure .
however ,  there s a certain degree of complexity involved in using it properly that s a bit overbearing and therefore annoying .
my ear got sore from me trying it on so often .
the lid is really difficult to get on and off .
if i could still return it ,  i would .
well it was not what i was expecting .
i guess its cheap though so its kind of ok .
it had a vague chocolately espresso taste ,  but wasn t good .
but it was small !  i ordered a large and i couldn t get it past my thighs !  bah .
unfortunately it didn t work so i had to return it .
on the plus side ,  it seems sturdy enough ,  but it s not comfortable .
however ,  i chose to order this from amazon because the price was cheaper .
i would not recommend the product to others .
i work from home so i was ocd about making this work and cleaning it after every single use .
don t be fool by all the great reviews here .
even on high it is not that warm .
the pyrex is about num_num times the thickness !  .
half of the reviews seemed favorable and the other half hated it .
and the attachment can drip over the bowl or measuring cup while i get something ,  like more ingredients .
there is close to nothing that i will not eat ,  no taste that really deters me .
while the fit is fine for me ,  the color is not .
i have tried this product for num_num days now ,  no change .
believe us ,  the cup size is about num_num sizes smaller than should be .
do some research before you buy this product .
i should have read the reviews more carefully because i didn t want a hard ,  unflexible sole .
you will be spending a long time doing this .
i ordered the horse carrier for my grandson s num_extend birthday ,  which was december num_extend num_extend
again ,  this product description says oem by samsung .
the sound quality is poor so is the range .
it does not look like the one advertised or the one i ve used in the past .
granted ,  this is a damascus steel blade which usually tend to be reasonable expensive .
i m very disappointed mainly because i really don t want to spend $ for a replacement charger .
it is only num_extend megapixels and costs about $
i read all the positive ,  excited reviews and wonder why they re getting such great results while i get nothing .
however ,  i found the active noise cancellation to be less effective than i hoped .
it is not that repeat playable in its current configuration and offers no value for my money .
should have gotten a medium or large i guess .
its a flimsy piece of plastic that will easily crack if flexed .
add to that the fact that it s overpriced means i will find some other product .
this makes me think it s not really doing a great job filtering .
i guess you pay extra because it s elmo .
i had a hard time hearing other in the earpiece .
i doubt that i will ever purchase their products again .
these headphones provide practically no isolation from your environment .
i received the daisy num_num targetpro from amazon today .
it doesnt work as well as it says .
when it arrived ,  it was not the correct size .
and remember ,  if you buy from amazon ,  they will return or exchange any unwashed clothing items .
they are the caddilacs of the hand held devices ,  and guzzle batteries like gasoline .
unlike a bluetooth headset ,  you don t need to pair this with your iphone .
given the high price ,  you just don t to chance it being a fake !  .
i have had a few different jabra bluetooth models and this one just didn t make the cut .
i can t say this product is junk because it s technically not .
many more products like that and i will look to other retailers .
oh ,  and it won t work on the ipad num_num but will work on the new ipad .
but i figured that amazon . com is shipping out so many of these that occasionally one is damaged .
these are cute to look at but are in no way tough enough to be worth the money .
if the package didn t come damaged ,  i would have given this product a num_num star rating .
i wound up paying about the same for shipping as the product originally cost .
the motor isnt powerful enough to force its way through a big clump .
but you get what you pay for ,  eh ? skip these .  .  . move on to something of more quality .
what i really find difficult to understand it why this product is so darned expensive .
when i received it i quickly noticed how flimsy the plastic was .
it s also very loud ,  even on slow speed .
this appeared to be a good deal for num_extend but it s not .
it isn t sewn   ?   onto the handle well .
as it is ,  it s little more than a child s toy .
i purchased this product about num_num weeks ago .
i don t have anything good or bad to say about the product .
i also have to take the phone out for charging .
so am i bitter ?  ?  ?  no .  . just a realist and an observer of the truth .
it works ,  but i do not like that the head of the cord is so thick .
there were limited choices on amazon and ended up with these .
you can use that thumbdrive to view pictures and listen to music on your xbox num_extend though .
it tastes ok but i thought it would be more like dried fruit snacks like raisins or strawberries .
they do not reproduce sound well ,  and may not last for very long .
something like this product should not arrive like one of these did .
i may not believe in the reviews again the same way .
i had a braided leather belt previously which lasted about five years .
it took me close to an hour to get it cleaned out .
bought these because the ipod earphones would slip out of my ear while riding .
i upgraded the firmware to the latest and it made no difference .
for quite some time ,  i have been using different types of hot sauce on different types of food .
it was odd tasting to me ,  more bitterthan other dark french roasts are .
save your money and buy a different case .
the buttons are slightly awkward ,  but mainly because the ear pieces are so small and lightweight .
spend your money elsewhere for something that sharpens better and will last you more than a year .
after a couple of years ,  the rubber wears out and it becomes a dribble cup .
i do not think this is not a pci card to connect your desktop computer to a wireless hub .
these wipes seem good at first but on subsequent examination it leaves lint on the display and streaks .
i had it on num_extend and the thermometer showed the temp was num_extend
i read reviews and had hope that it could fit ,  but it didn t .
this contains num_num mcg of num_extend can get num_extend cheaper .
these are cheap in both senses of the word .
now the one i paid for as a replacement has died after about num_num months .
if you play sonic num_num or num_extend you have a choice of playing as sonic ,  tails ,  or both .
i like the sound but they are of no use when they keep failing out .
it is so cheap that i felt ripped off .
the instructions tell you to use it twice daily for num_num weeks and then as needed after that .
the quality of the product itself seemed to be adequate but unfortunately i could not even try them on .
haven t done a video yet . but i can t recommend this phone due to the poor quality gps .
i tried cleaning with it but it didn t do an adequate job .
it is difficult to push the vegetables through .
i thought that s what a salad spinner was supposed to do .
the color ones ,  such as the clie num_num are great but there s no wireless modems to go with them .
i m glad i tried it out ,  but no thanks .
ah ,  not as great as the kerastase products ,  albeit significantly cheaper .
i would use it if i had to but will not purchase it again .
i m totally convinced that this bluetooth headset from vxi blueparrot roadwarrior wasn t a good choice .
when i finally received them ,  the plastic package had yellowed .
they are expensive enough without having to waste them for no good reason .
i m really disappointed after hearing such great reviews about the sound .
took some chiseling to remove it . there is dust .
i contacted hoover and i eventually received a new unit  we re talking num_num weeks later  .
then the manufacture said they would send out a new one for replacement .
the plastic is thin and seems more brittle than other little people sets .
thought i was getting a good deal ,  had to return and get refund immediately .
was hoping for much better !  returned the product .
although some may like this drink ,  it will not be a repeat buy for me .
i use the steinheil screen protectors for all my other phones .
it may work for some ,  it didn t work for me !  .
the one from amazon was better ,  but i have to say there is nothing really special about this product .
the device offers num_num transmission frequencies to choose from  which are public by the way  .
i can repare it with a little glue ,  the handle came off .
even cheap drugstore product seemed to work at some degree in comparison .
glad i didn t pay tooooo much for it .
i like blue ,  and the basic model seemed as if it would perform the same as the deluxe model .
the quality i received is not like the picture .
stupid me ,  this was cheap ,  i bought it and well ,  you get what you pay for .
but this product is sorely misrepresented ! first ,  it says it s quiet .
used this for all of about num_num minutes .
spend your money on something else of better quality .
but it does have a premium sound system . the problem with this device is the incessant hiss .
in short ,  i d advise those looking for a usb adapter to get the microsoft one ,  although it s not cheap .
seemed to be a good product ,  disappointed i can t use it .
i had a hard time trying to figure out how it worked .
it did not fit our average sized pan because of the awkward shape and size .
plantronics trademark wind protection did not exist on this headset .
i have to go back with a peeler or a knife and peel off the rest .
in addition ,  it dramatically diminishes the clarity and the screen looks slightly blurred .
i ordered these to replace an ear cushion for a plantronics headset .
pages render fairly well but loading is slow and scrolling stutters .
it stopped working a couple of days after i got it .
now while using hands free phone it gives background noise .
it doesn t have much of a smell and definitely does not make you tingle .
i can t believe this product was released as it is .
there are no hard edges or loose feel to any of the parts .
i changed the batteries ,  but i never could get it to work again .
unfortunately there is no better alternative at this pricep oint .
but i didn t like the taste of these .
i did not have it that long ,  about a year ,  before that happenned .
takes a long time to get enough out to use .
i was a bit disappointed with this product .
for me there wasn t enough padding or comfort like my other keens ,  even though it looks similar .
this extension cable is ridiculously cheap ,  but they are junk .
the belt and show covers are a cheap plastic ,  but you expect that for the price .
i don t understand why there are so many positive reviews .
it s small ,  num_extend to go on my canon eos m num_extend lense .
this makes thin ,  clean cuts of meat difficult . the blade is too thick .
i didn t realize the car charger i had for my droid phone would work with my galaxy phone .
i would go for whichever was cheaper or on sale in the future .
for the price ,  this mouse should be wireless as well .
they were on sale for the same price .
i just ordered a sponge filter as a back up for when this thing is being temperamental .
i returned the luggage and am looking for another set to buy .
i would have needed and wanted a long .
this item doesn t fit tight to the shoulders .
the straps are just like the ones you find on a very cheap school book bag .
i just wanted to replace the dead units from my old accord .
these things are about num_num sizes too huge .
so you might return later only to find the oven is still on .
i used mine for several years ,  my num_extend wireless router .
i do like it ,  but bottom line ,  im glad i didn t spend the money on it .
i tried this product and it really didn t taste much like latte or even any kind of coffee .
not nearly the quality i had hoped for and will be looking for a replacement .
while i appreciate the workmanship ,  it does not work .
when i ordered this bowl ,  it was described as  like new  condition .
i don t really know how to describe this product .
unfortunately ,  i already have a handheld vac and did not want another .
unless you use a large size cup ,  this will probably happen .
i wasn t aware of that before i purchased this .
it is not waterproof but it is not flimsy .
item came minus the extra earbuds ,  and with only one side working .
these are a bit too fragile for those who rush around in the kitchen or have teens .
but if it doesn t charge what good is that .
it is very bland and not as sweet as once again which has no sugar added .
i had been very excited to get them ,  and so disappointed when they arrived .
also did not seem as nice as it looked on amazon .
i have taken them for num_num months without any noticeable difference .
i love techno gadgets ,  but this is a $ dollar toy ,  and nothing more .
as they are not as flavorful as i like by themselves  except for thai or szechuan  .
it was also watery and thin and came off almost immediately after i applied it .
the cheap plastic around the outside edge will crack and leave you without a working product .
up until now i had been using my large emerilware saute pan for roasts .
they are a bit too heavy as well .
the insole is ok ,  but the rest of the boot is not comfortable at all .
the sound is ok ,  but not as good as i expected and the  holder  is a joke .
i ve used this product for two months and it does not grow new hair .
the screen is not bright enough in a sunny day .
wish i had listened to other reviewers on this one !  .
doesn t really do what it is supposed to .
after you dump about a pound of salt into them ,  they resemble something with some flavor ,  but not really .
it did  apart from unsatisfactory sharpness  perform decently in low light .
they have a plastic taste ,  they could have more flavor and a little more sugar .
if you have a short rise or are a little butt challenged order a size smaller .
will try to return it and use my old one .
i was disappointed with this coffee maker in that it would not heat the coffee sufficiently .
feel like i paid too much for them .
my husband does not mind but it is noticeable that it doesnt sit right on his phone .
i tried the different powers and object lying around .
even though you can set the fm frequency to anything ,  it sounds totally aweful .
someone must have returned it ,  and it got reshipped to me .
that is ,  until i turned it off and tried starting it up again .
this screen protector ,  and the customer service for this screen protector ,  need help .
that kept me trying for a long time .
its either the stainless steel or the nonstick insides with the anodized outsides .
its broken ,  side chipped and stopped holding phone in ,  i don t recommend the product .
it s a basic application ,  and shouldn t ever crash .
i don t get what all the glowing reviews are about here .
the color is very streaky ,  even with num_num coats and i feel like the brush is too small .
but then it disappeared ,  so i gave this a try .
i have read many good reviews about this product but to be honest ,  i was disappointed .
for the price ,  this knife was a huge letdown .
does not really stick and peels off very easily .
the battery  seemed  to maybe last a little longer ,  but it was hard to tell .
i m not saying it wouldn t work for someone else but it didn t work for me .
i ve put up with this soap dispenser for at least four years now .
i don t get how this thing is getting such good reviews .
i have tried starbucks drinks both at starbucks coffee shops and from the supermarket .
i ve seen worse quality products then this on store shelves .
the only cool thing is the blue motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it s on .
sad to say it was not what i had high hopes of .
it might work num_num feet away if you are not going through any walls .
so far i haven t been able to get good performance from it .
that and the shipping was certainly nothing close to what they charged .
this was my first case upon purchasing my iphone num_extend
when i do get it on ,  it is not close enough to my ear ,  so it s hard to hear .
however ,  i m using the coconut oil because i do need it and already have it in my possession .
spend an extra buck or two and get a better one .
in an effort to be simple ,  they chose a standard piece that when inserted in the ear just hurts .
you get what you pay for  i paid almost nothing and thats what i got  .
quality appears to be okay for the price ,  although it s never been washed or worn .
three months after purchase ,  our coffee grinder died .
i now have one more which is like num_num weeks old ,  it s all discolored ,  and will probably break soon .
spend a few bucks more and get a better quality compass .
it just doesn t work for a small modern slr kit .
also ,  it s num_extend cents at my shop rite store .  .  . which is much cheaper than here !  .
it almost takes num_num hands to use it .
i noticed that others ha this same comment about the glasses after i bought them .
even if the consistency was good it still has a bad taste .
in my case ,  the original batteries lasted num_num years .
usb cords just aren t able to survive in this kind of design .
one of the few items i purchased from amazon in which i was not satisfied .
the metal clip gets lodged in sideways when trying to secure the two ends of the unit together .
i received one of these batteries and it swelled up on the first charge and would not work .
yes ,  it can sometimes be a pain in the ass to open and close this lock with the key .
there are so many things wrong with this coffee maker i am not sure where to start .
bought a new one june num_num and by the end of july num_num once again the machine stops working .
i got rid of carpet because it is filthier .
i have used this peeler only a few times and it is already quite dull .
i use it too cook with but it s just too strong to use as a soup .
i do not like this screen protector it don t fit on my screen right because my phone is squard .
i bought the complete kit ,  unfortunately it did not work .
would not recommend . in addition ,  the ear piece is too large for my ear .
i use a little netbook when i m traveling .
however i ve been taking fairly regularly for a month or more with no negative reaction .
the seller saw my review ,  contacted me and promptly returned my money .
was the wrong size for my phone which is a num_extend
the pouch is very cheap and not prone to last long .
the material is so thick and unforgiving you can hardly push the buttons .
i have five cats and buy a lot of the product ,  well i used to buy a lot .
despite the unique and useful design of this product ,  i would not recommend it .
it s almost like gel or hair spray ,  kind of crispy ,  dry ,  and discolored .
it seems like a very expensive price for what you get .
these are super thin ,  and do not seem like they d offer a lot of protection .
further ,  the belt buckle is not a standard buckle .
i really wanted to like this stuff after reading all the good reviews on it .
i went so far as to try the cable with its intended use as a vga extension cable .
when you buy hdtv  ,  you will need to buy another unit and service again .
i know computers well ,  and i ve worked with plenty of hardware ,  but i ve never experienced such a buggy product .
i had been needing a place for my phone to go ,  thinking this was the place .
i wish i would have read reviews first before buying this crap .
or i guess i could just give them to my sister .
to install the larger earbud ,  you first need to remove the tiny one  don t tear it !   .
i  upgraded  to this model ,  thinking that something more expensive would last longer .
already ordered a different one to replace it .
now the plastic has broken ,  the plastic is very thin ,  and apparently this item was not made to last .
i requested a replacement order when the first order arrived in pieces .
for the amount i paid for them ,  you would think the quality would be better .
needs to be heated at each end to allow locking mechanism to disengage .
the case is definitely rubberized but be warned it is not of premium quality .
on one hand if you don t put enough on ,  it won t do any good for the leather .
due to the cost of the item it s not worth paying postage to return .
i thought i was getting a good deal num_extend but of course you get what you pay for .
my nails were ok ,  but i wanted them a little longer and stronger .
it keeps wrapping itself up and is hard to num_extend
i looked at other brands but wanted to save money and try this one .
it may function really well ,  but i have no idea .
not a bronzed orange ,  but a bright orange .
sure ,  it holds a lot of water but that is part of the problem .
these r not anti glare screenprotectors period !  they r just the reg clear screen protectors .
i received a product that was something like the one pictured ,  but it was definitely not this one .
the material is very cheap  smells  and its a very small bag .
don t get me wrong i still used it till it was done but i won t waste my monet again .
i don t know what i was thinking when i purchased this .
the only good thing i can say about this litter is that it is lightweight .
it is made very cheaply and isnt meant to last long .
i never really used it because it fit poorly .
for some reason every time i use it my battery will run down fast .
this is not as dark as i thought it would be .
but of course now i can t use it again .
i ve had other sets of alice clips ,  and these are of far lower quality than those .
i figure myself to be an educated person and had read the negative reviews and still purchased this product .
if you want a samsung galaxy that much ,  get s ii or s iii .
for the price i would have expected better .
it s also not big enough to cover the entire screen .
also the bristles seem like they were plastic and cheap ,  which is not worth the price .
i notified amazon and they promptly sent a replacement .
i don t use it that much because it doesn t give much protection for my phone ,  which is pretty expensive .
excuse me ?  they sold us a defective unit and we have to pay to get a new one .
if you can live with average sound and are not using these to run then they should be fine .
the way the handle is designed is awful .
dont expect much flavor or anything form this snack ,  unless your into eating flavorless food .
it did not compare ,  for example ,  to the coffee i ve actually had in italy  presumably also italian style  .
i purchased these a couple of years ago and they only lasted a few months .
as it is ,  i am not that pleased .
i would have preferred a unit that turns off automatically after an hour or two .
this must be taken in the context of the phone it was paired with .
even though i gave it a num_num star review ,  it deserves num_extend just cause its king kong .
this is not the item that i expected .
i ordered a medium size but somehow got changed to a large ,  really big and doesn t fit at all .
i really wanted to like this but it s just too heavy .
i was a bit disappointed in this item .
i scratched my brand new iphone trying to force this case on .
unless you just want this for looks or extra grip ,  get something thicker with more protection .
and they want you to wash this with soapy water every num_num weeks .
so i went back my old measuring scoop ,  filled it up and poured it into the new scoop .
they were rather bulky ,  and fit loose considering that they were my ring size .
the plastic used is very thin and feels cheap ,  almost like we bought it at the dollar store .
the flavor was not bad just cant get past the hair .
it scratches really easily so now i have these horrible white scratches all over it .
the only thing going for it ,  is it is lightweight and portable .
so if you are looking for glueing or cementing something ,  this is your product .
it is slightly difficult to adjust to the right size ,  but not terribly so .
should of done more research on it before i purchased this .
hate to give it a bad review because it seems to be such a great idea .
don t waste your money as these are made in china and the fit is questionable .
lucky for me  and unlucky for the ups guy  amazon does free shipping and returns on this junk .
i agree with the other reviews to buy a size larger . they have an awkward cut to them .
boosts airplane audio signal so that sometimes even the lowest volume is slightly too loud .
i followed the recommendations to order a size larger but that didn t work well .
well made but simply too big all around .
amazon was quick to correct the problem ,  and shipped me another copy .
they seem very cheap and very breakable if you aren t careful .
the product is made of very cheap plastic .
but even then ,  it s not worth more than $
amazon sent me out another one ,  num_num day shipping .
the one i have on looks like the screen is dirty .
i may try it on ice cream or in hot chocolate before i toss it .
although from the picture i can tell that it looks exactly the same .
seriously ,  didn t feel any much better than cheaper ones for half the price .
i would have been happy to pay what i paid for an item that worked for several years .
basically it s an expensive car mount for your cell phone .
it s disheartening to find previously worthwhile products degraded and repackaged .
it was unusable . undaunted  well ,  maybe a little daunted  i went back to amazon to see what else was available .
in many of the same areas ,  i get strong num_extend or num_extend on the verizon ipad .
even if i didn t have the bad customer service i would still give this product a num_num star .
after using this product one time i thru it away .
doesn t seem to protect my phone at all at the time .
i don t care if it is thin padding or not .
it doesn t work on any of my knives .
as they say you get what you pay for junk .
i use them for cooking and testing the hot water temp out of the kitchen tap .
but i guess that s what i should have expected for $
i have a model num_num with rubber grip .
waffles stick to the surface and it does not heat evenly .
i m not taking points off for that though ,  just mentioning it .
this motorola charger will charge your phone eventually ,  but really really slowly .
it says for the ipod num_num but it is for the iphone num_extend do not buy .
i bought this because this was the only glass top on amazon .
i was very excited to finally get my zoji .
i do eat them but after one the consistency is weird kind of mushy .
it looks nice ,  but looking at it on the ground is not that much fun .
i am shaped round so i don t fill it out completely .
plus the price is way too high for it to be used .
they made short work of it ,  strings all popped in a matter of seconds .
spend a little more and save the hassle .
the lights on the machine don t light up num_extend
i also don t like the feel of the buttons .
it s expensive but a little goes a long way .
too big to fit in my purse or pocket once installed .
the fabric is much thinner than it appears in the num_extend
nothing else has ever done that in my washer .
they mangled one of the rods that make up the handle .
what a shame ,  because it s really cute and seems sturdy .
they were too short ! i saw these on amazon and ordered these in a size num_extend
i didn t like that . i returned it  , got a full refund .
this product is two pieces of plastic held together by a weak rubber band .
not sure what caused this ,  charger works fine for all owned samsung original batteries .
i ve never had a problem with using other glue before but this hardly sticks too your skin .
i purchased a britta about num_num yrs ago to filter out the chlorine .
needless to say i won t be purchasing these again .
i m horrified that it seems to have gathered so many good reviews .
they realized i m the type of person who buys cheap crap hoping it will perform .
the truth is ,  this product works awfully for me .
so i switched brand and haven t looked back .
i should have not been as cheap and gotten some nicer cotton ones .
there are some other issues but honestly ,  none of them really matter .
i would think would be soft and plush ,  but it is hard and not sure what material it is .
after num_num hours in the fridge i checked the yogurt cheese .
i had high hopes based on the reviews here ,  but i was very disappointed .
this product does not work at all the way it is supposed to .
this was cheap and may work to heat items or keep them warm .
the material is not soft velour as described either .
this arrived on the num_extend and i started using it the last week of feb .
the holster is too big for the iphone num_extend and does not have a snug fit .
but i was not a fan of this product .
i m num_extend  but thin  so maybe if you re num_extend this would work for you .
sure it helps slow them a bit but it s not skid stop .
i ll be giving this to a relative for christmas .
the only value i get from this purchase is from the batteries themselves .
i noticed that the num_extend size was priced the same ,  or even less then ,  the num_extend size .
however in practice ,  the charger provides low power output and consistently drops with use .
i ve had the battery for two weeks now and i just boxed it up to send it back .
the other one of these i bought with black and white instead of black and clear lasted num_extend longer .
it does stabilize the pelvis ,  but it caused me too much discomfort .
the price for the system was good ,  but without the performance ,  surely not acceptable .
my skin is fairly sensitive and it caused my skin to become very irritated and actually started peel .
i was using the headset with a samsung galaxy sii skyrocket  android  .
was in a hurry when i ordered this .
i did not put it to use at that time because the screen is hard to read .
i would say i use it on a bi weekly basis  sometimes less  .
i dont believe i paid retail $ for this at my local bestbuy .
you re much better off with a more expensive alternative .
we used it for a couple of weeks with no issues .
i am going back to bestbuy to return it .
believe it or not ,  once you have an usb hub ,  the ports just run out faster than before .
it is very thin around the usb connector . i am not sure if i like this  case  or not .
i have had it num_num year now and it looks like it is num_num years old .
i m a size num_extend shoe size ,  and because these don t come in half sizes ,  i ordered the num_extend
i didn t give a size but if it s not adjustable then one size does not fit all .
also ,  this is not bright red ,  but kind of a dark maroon color .
nice that it slides on better than certain other products but the product is just too loose .
i do not think it is worth the money .
this is cute for decoration but the practicality of it is poor .
i could barely wear them for being too small .
the sound is ok but not any better than a pair of $ sony headphones .
i have used thisfor a few weeks and see no difference .
i had high hopes for this as a replacement for toxic coffee creamer ,  but it tastes rancid to me .
when they first came out they were expensive ,  but i tried them anyway .
i had a t shaped wire cheese slicer for years and years .
they are not as soft as i was hoping .
i could have gotten them locally this size a lot cheaper .
i am returning this unit and plan to purchase another brand .
i have had to change the battery every num_num days .
i m not on a low sodium diet ,  but learning to eat better so limiting my sodium intake .
that s it ,  i m not wasting any more money on these headphones and i recommend the same to everyone else .
i used to love this game when i was a kid .
even though i paid very little ,  they were not worth the money .
the foam is not very secure on the end .
i got this for my verizon iphone num_num and while the case looks great ,  its useless .
not able to do a great review on this because product was not completely sent .
i bougth one small size for my yorkie ,  and it is too big .
i know these are old headphones but in case anyone is considering getting a pair .
i really didn t think it was worth the money .
i think it would protect the underlying finish but you just may not like the way it looks .
i put it on a galaxy s ,  and the fit was too tight .
the upper burr is attached to a flimsy plastic spout through which the beans fall .
as the product is so mediocre even when it is working ,  i can t recommend this product to anyone .
made out of some very cheap materiel ,  just spend a little more money .
after whatever i was cooking was finished ,  perhaps num_num minutes at num_num degrees , i took the dish out .
this is putting a thin piece of plastic in between the touchstone cover and the touchstone base .
yup ,  i just about pulled the trigger and purchased this item until i noticed the $ shipping charge .
some areas i was able to separate gently without tearing ,  but one area ripped a huge hole .
this isn t at all what i was expecting .
it wasn t just  not as dark  or light black .
i m going to send these back and buy something a little more higher end .
assembly :  i asked my num_num year old daughter to assemble the units .
this is one of them i do not like the consistency of this product .
at least you can choose from num_num different boards or themes .
don t overfill it or it water will shoot out the back all over you and the num_extend
since the price was so low ,  i did not make a big deal about it with the seller .
i ordered it in may of num_num and now june num_num i am looking for another .
it leaves the bacon greasy ,  rubbery and the lower half of the bacon uncooked as well .
it gives me a feeling that the product is inferior or cheap .
i am not paying for shipping it back when it only costs me $
it is currently sitting on my counter ,  still holding the sponge .
not to mention that the bullettime feature was somewhat improved .
makes amazon look bad ,  even though it s not their fault the seller has real well done fake products !  .
i have had it for num_num days ,  and i am already board .
i got num_num months service from these headphones they just have stopped working .
this was the first humidifier i bought the year before .
i m assuming the regular dickies must be like parachute pants because these slim fitting pants are huge on me .
sadly ,  it looks like there are very few good options for toasters ,  even the expensive ones have terrible reviews .
if you want to get num_extend get it if ,  and only if ,  it s really cheap .
did not have this reaction with the other flavors .
that said ,  i m obligated to review this product but it s not for me .
result is my pancakes are not to perfection . maybe some of the other presto products are ok .
the fit for the charger is not good at all .
wouldn t buy it again not worth the price .
when water is added ,  the scent and taste are slightly reminiscent of canned mandarin oranges .
but ,  it doens t really get their teeth clean ,  so i end up using a toothbrush after all .
if it s not fully charged it doesn t function that well .
the jabra s were good ,  but voice recognition ,  redialing ,  and funcions only worked with the last phone paired up .
it s enough so that i ll be finishing the bottle ,  but i won t be purchasing another .
i was happy to find these ,  but disappointed when they arrived .
unfortunately after a while with the phone case ,  it seemed that the sound is blocked off from the phone .
i fixed it with krazyglue instead of going to the trouble of returning it .
but the charger is not put together very well .
i am out here looking for something to cut up a chicken and ran across these as an option .
i only hand wash it; i do not use the dishwasher for cleaning it .
it was loose ,  so i attempted to tighten the two allen head set screws ,  but they were stripped .
i returned the first one for a replacement .
i bought it from amazon . com llc but its not authentic .
the only complaint i have is that this does not wrap around my ear lobe .
so if you want smaller phones ,  go for their neckphones instead of their earphones .
the micro usb connector does not fit well .
the quality of the little board is cheap and i regret having paid good money for it .
in the morning you want to get out the door .
there s no detail ,  and the lighting is often awkward . the control is not intuitive .
my larger all clad roaster doesn t seem as heavy .
but now it s oozing soap from the base onto the counter .
it was suppose to protect the phone which it did until it broke .
at first it feels oily ,  but once it s rubbed in and left to dry it s imperceptible .
i think they advertise long lasting because they stay in your drawer instead of being worn .
it was also bent and the damage did not occur in transit because it was packaged well .
so i tried this one hoping to save some money because it is about half the cost .
to my dismay ,  i have since reviewed other purchaser reviews that had a similar experience .
and when i tried to put it on the phone it did not fit properly .
very annoying . i will say i like the design and cord in the back aren t cumbersome .
there is no saltiness ,  not a hint of sesame flavor ,  no flavor at all really .
i really wanted this camera to work for me .
everything sticks to the rings ,  you need a really big ,  flat pan to use them .
it is exposed metal ,  which over time will corrode and rust .
wish i had researched that before buying it .
the fact i only paid a couple of dollars is the only reason i don t return it .
plus ,  the drip pan is really cheap looking .
save yourself the trouble and don t be cheap and buy this directly from the manufacturer .
the car adapter works but i wouldnt recommend a car adapter .  .  . geez just charge it at home .
this diffuser was inexpensive ,  and i know that cheap does not always mean poor quality .
update :  i contacted amazon and they refunded my money .
this means there is excessive friction keeping it from freely flicking open .
i took it back to the retailer ,  who said it was functioning normally .
the connecting chain would be better suited by using a long piece of cordage .
its size isn t all that much bigger than some other modern keyboards i have used .
it produces lot of hissing noise and static .
that s the reason for a num_num star rating ,  otherwise i would give it a num_extend
this is mostly for inside the house ,  and i really wanted to use it outside .
all the reviews i saw said perfect to size ,  but that was a lie .
i have a galaxy num_extend and it doesn t work too good with my phone .
this is because i went back and read reviews of this product by others .
this needs longer screws for the attachment or two different sizes of models .
i was pretty excited when i ordered it and was planning to buy my boyfriend one too .
i put in num_num new batteries and turned it on .
what more can i say ?  i ve tried it a few times .
when these arrived in the mail ,  i opened them up to make my first pizza .
it s durable ,  but since it doesn t get much use ,  that s really not much of a selling point !  .
at nearly $ it would have been nice to include a halogen bulb light .
i ve never returned a product so quickly in my life ,  as in immediately .
i like toys like this but this particular model is defective .
it is very bitter tasting  ,  and i put creamer in ny coffee .
even a good price doesnt save this bad product .
quality is not there ,  doesn t hold up well .
we ve had our presto num_num coffee maker for about a year .
after that ,  it kept falling off because it was too large .
it scrapes into the cutting board making long gouges .
if amazon has it here for me to review i suppose i should have it .
it worked for a day or two ,  and has since stopped working .
you can buy a much cheaper speaker phone that works just as well ,  which i would say is mediocre .
this color is not what it looks like in person compared to the picture online .
you wont be just flicking this knife num_extend
this could mean weeks if you do not use the unit often .
so when i saw this for a lesser price i thought i would try it .
i thought it d be like demite ,  where you just add a capful per batch of laundry ,  but it s not .
i had purchased a set for my sister ,  which she put on prior to my opening the backup package .
maybe it works for somebody; that somebody isn t me .
i do not like the way it fits in my ear .
i put in the original batteries and the camera lasted for exactly two num_extend pictures .
i was never able to get this battery to work .
the one and only redeeming feature is the price .
they seem to have the same model number as the old one too .
i said it didn t bother me ,  so i didn t ask for a new one .
believe me ,  i m not the kind of guy who treats a $ gadget roughly :  so be aware .
this item came broken .  .  . very cheap do not recommend to buy .  .  . waste of money .
this screen protector leaves fingerprints and bubbles in the instalation .
be sure to use the indent on the batteries to know which is positive  indent  and negative  no indent  .
i ve used it ,  on average ,  twice a day for those num_num years .
it looks like it s been used more than the two times i used it .
other than that this is a very cheap holster case .
i used to like it and also get for my daughter .
we have used the fruit and tweezers for other activites .
i would have to take the whole thing apart and cut the pieces off with a razor blade .
instead ,  i was a bit weirded out by the product itself .
i am debating returning the unit and buying something else .
i don t know why this product gets such great reviews .
you can not scrape the sides of the bowl while mixing either .
i bought num_num packs for a total of num_num protectors .
i am not happy or satisfy with it .
the company said they are going to send me num_num new ones and that they  redesigned  it .
not as good as the built in mic of my nexus num_extend which i was looking to improve .
its good for storing but the pockets dont come off so its annoying .
i just did not realize this when i purchased it .
my first use of it was a bummer .
i had this replacement for a few months when the little hook you use to open it broke .
this is difficult to unroll and very difficult to get to stay anywhere or function .
i had the num_extend previously ,  which i gave to my sister .
if you have big fingers or knuckles expect this to cut your circulation .
well ,  i am sending my new hoover steamvac back after only one use .
i didn t like the flavor of these very much .
pass on this ,  i m glad i m only out five bucks .
i sorry i wasted my money on this product .
i m sure in a few months they will fit ,  but definitely not true to size .
i bought these based on positive reviews ,  but my results were poor .
i was not quite pleased with the quality of this knife .
the photo is misleading ,  making it look like the product i wanted .
it s ok ,  but i would pay more to get better  and more consistent  sound quality .
this was my first time using an opk .
if you really need bacon then get some dried bacon chips at your supermarket .
do not be fooled by the low price .
for the price ,  i think there are better options on the market .
then i recheck with my other brand and it s not even close .
the plastic is somewhat thin . the foam wasn t attached to the walls of the case .
i ordered a small ,  the recommended size ,  and it was really hard to get on and breathe in .
for most ,  this will be a fine solution . with the tear solved ,  i m still disappointed in this product .
i don t know what it is but this seems like it actually makes you thirsty .
this is sad because the screen size is what i wanted and the price was right .
from the first one ,  it put grounds in every cup of coffee .
i cleaned it out using a nylon scrubber ,  and tried again .
i wear an num_extend and ordered a num_extend
this really was not my cup of tea ,  it was dry ,  nearly crumbly ,  and relatively tasteless .
i should have paid a couple dollars more for the better one .
kept this in my car and it worked well for num_num or num_num uses then just stopped working .
the previously mention saw that costs half what this one does ,  cuts easily num_num times better than this one .
it was oiled with boos  own board cream with beeswax .
very cheap product !  !  i would honestly only expect to pay about $ for it .
purchased this and spent the extra money as i have a small dog with long hair .
i will buy another brand and caution other buyers to do the same .
order minimum of two sizes bigger and if your tall forget it .
anyways ,  this time i returned them for a refund .
also ,  it did not make very many bubbles .
flimsy blade ,  doesn t cut well ,  gets stuck in wood ,  bends extremely easy .
then ,  the inflammation in my joints and soft tissues .
but ,  i wanted something better in a phone .
i did not expect them to be as thick as they are and i mean they are thick .
this is the one item i have purchased on amazon that actually disappointed me .
the last set of batteries i had in them lasted num_num years .
i was really disappointed when i opened the box .
it all makes me dubious about these miracle reviews .
sometimes it would come on ,  then turn itself back off after a few moments .
the ear buds kept falling out of my ears .
i put this knife thru its fair share of work ,  and it did not hold up .
no failures or issues ,  its physically holding up like new after perhaps num_extend hours of use .
even though this item looks very similar to my old thermometer it isn t anywhere near the same quality .
not a high quality product ,  does not look like the one in the pictures .
it would have worked ,  but the adhesive prevented my finger from sliding across the screen .
the  stainless  finish is fake and doesn t match my other stainless appliances .
the hardware quality on these phones are cheap also .
co mon $ for a wireless adapter ,  when num_extend is built in .
that s why i was excited to read the reviews on this product .
i got what i paid for since i did not spend a lot on this product .
i used only about half of what i used on my first try .
at least this one stopped working within the warranty period .
these are cheap ,  cheap cheap in all aspects .
when it arrived i went to plug it in and noticed one of the prongs was bent .
i had to use a sharp knife and that tore up the felt lining .
i m getting almost num_num charges before the itorch needs to be recharged .
it s been a while ,  but i d bet i paid less than $ for it .
i bought one of these at best buy ,  exchaged it ,  and the other one did the same thing .
they are not real noticeable ,  but can be seen in reflected light .
didn t cost much but i did pay for it so i am not happy .
however ,  this product is not worth the purchase price .
i think i payed like $ for it so whatever .
once it was up ,  it was flimsy at best .
many of the handles are very thin ,  plastic that feel like they will bust num_extend
i had used this product before with no problem .
i had ,  at the most ,  num_num minutes of talk time ,  before my phone died on me .
very pretty ,  but a total waste of money .
as the old saying goes you get what you pay for .
i don t know how this siphon has such good reviews on amazon .
i do know that is costly so i don t see myself purchasing it again .
quality is now dubious at best and only worth a fraction of the price being charged .
i realize it s super cheap but it should last a month .
i think it puts out very little air and it doesn t get terribly warm .
there are yellow sparks that come out whenever i plug this in an outlet .
i paid a arm and leg for it and cannot realize itsbenefits .
i have made several attempts to download this onto my windows num_num laptop .
it serves its purpose but should cost no more than num_num cents .
so ,  once i made it to work i unplugged my phone thinking it had been charging .
you need to dry it to avoid creating the environment for mold growth between uses .
i hate giving bad reviews ,  but this is what i feel .
i bought the right size ,  but something terrible happened .
i take num_num scoop before bed and i have num_num bowel movement every morning like clockwork .
if not for that difficulty ,  i d have given it a num_extend because it would work great .
the design is also very weird and it is not easy to play with .
item was purchased to replace a motorola num_num headset .
i have zero issues with the design of the battery cover ,  the buttons ,  etc .
i have several other brushes i like much better .
it makes some sort of noise and the lights flash .
reduces the resolution of retina display and makes images look a bit blurry like older lcd screens .
buy the bc hard case combo instead of this .
i am only num_num foot tall but these are too short medium and large  .
further ,  it s uncomfortable to wear and feels heavy behind my ear .
these feel lightweight and cheap to me and don t hold the edge as well as the wusthoff  forged  .
but for the price ,  it s not a total loss either .
the grounds overflow into the cup the filter sits in and residue gets into the coffee .
the toes glide against it each other rather than rub ,  and i don t have any blisters .
it is also only around $ at the time of this review .
the handle then broke off in my hand .
and the lid is hard to fit on the bowl .
when i started the process to get a replacement item shipped ,  i learned num_extend i must return the item .
i think i ll order another samsung micro usb chargers as they are about the same price on amazon .
while not a large camera ,  the photosmart num_num is by no means tiny .
with amazon i do not worry about buying products because their return happen fast and without any problems .
it is very messy and hard to num_extend
i received the philips num_extend which is a much cheaper headphone .
i have cable but wanted something to help with an antenna when and if i have cable problems .
each serving size  approximately num_num pieces  is equivalent to num_num calories .
the product that was sent to me does not work .
i was excited to try this product since i had heard so many good things about it .
i was going to purchase this num_extend dutch oven but after reading reviews i have changed my mind .
i thought i had a defective unit ,  so i returned it ,  but the next unit is exactly the same .
the first time i cut some vegetables on one ,  it had significant knife scoring marks across the surface .
firstly ,  the cables it comes with for transferring pictures and charging are a real hassle .
want to make your wildly expensive phone look like a knock off ?  get this thing .
i m not fond of when you unplug it from the charging cord ,  it automatically defaults to the charge mode .
it s a bad and used battery even though it was listed as new one .
i ordered a medium and it might have been better ,  had i ordered a small .
i sweetened the coffee and added cream to try to tone down the bitterness ,  but that did not work .
sadly ,  this also impacts the usability of the camera .
after a day in a num_extend freezer ,  these remain flexible but only able to hold cold for num_num minutes .
the blade was not cut straight ,  looking down the back edge ,  it appeared to be bent .
i am using that battery but the charge only lasts two days at the most .
it s tiny and very low on the unit .
i m a grown man with grown man hands ,  and this handle was very tight against the base and short .
i had great hopes for this product ,  but it was cheap and fell apart in my hand .
i immediately washed the crap out of my hair with my pantene shampoo .
it felt like i was playing bass pro num_num no wait that was better !  .
if that is not the case ,  just purchase one and test drive it .
during the brief moments it did work ,  i encountered difficulty getting the earpiece to position properly in my ear .
there is a reason for the low price .
i think they run at least num_num if not num_num sizes too small .
the cord can come loose at the connection to the controller ,  or it could come loose at the headset .
i contacted amazon online ,  explained the issue and they gave me a $ refund .
i can t believe i paid $ for these damn earbuds .
this pink switcheasy case for iphones is not that great to look at .
this product is very small and is very cheaply made .
its just the method of using conditioner washing .
the first cord i had from samsung lasted num_num months .
started out too small and short  about the same as my briefs  .
not a big deal because there is a function lock key to fix this .
i tried this conditioner after reading the rave reviews on amazon .
hardly the graphical quality the num_extend is capable of .
we love oxo products ,  but this one is not one of them .
not sure it s about the colors ,  but they just look weird to me .
this steamer works ok ,  but it broke in less than num_num months .
i ordered this before i went to our local store and saw something very similar .
for someone with smaller hands ,  it s unwieldy ,  heavy and clumsy to hold .
so when i bought my new sig sauer num_num tac ops i ordered a forbus holster .
i am not sure if it is washable .
the recess for the index finger rubs against the back of the finger when you are cutting .
i could hear everyone fine ,  but they couldn t hear me .
the pause button on the microphone seems to have a short .
this is not a product i would use again . i also wasn t impressed with how small the container was .
if you are interested in this product then be sure to read the num_num star reviews .
it is a very dark red and has a bitter ,  not sweet ,  taste .
i cannot believe this product made it to market .
better off spending a little more and getting a better product .
the color is too light and they are a bit big .
i was not happy with the sound quality ,  and $ logitechs sound better and take less space .
can t hold up my phone if it s standing straight up ,  i have the htcone num_extend
unfortunately ,  this product failed in so many ways . first ,  it doesn t grind coffee fine enough for espresso .
save your money ,  there are better products for a better value out there .
i unplugged the power cord and plugged it back again after couple of mins .
i use this on the back window of my jeep grand cherokee .
i guess they are not made like they used to be .
i gave it a shot once it arrived but couldn t make myself use it .
i remembered getting much better results when testing the filtered water before .
for other devices this might be ok ,  otherwise don t bother if it s for the iphone .
i found this juicer extracted only half as much juice as the breville .
for this age group ,  the plastic should be much sturdier ! disappointed .
i don t recommend this unless you like having a crappy cheap phone or just for a backup .
i ve also tinkered with the type of oil  olive ,  veggie ,  coconut  .
all i will say is you get what you pay for .
it is labeled as  large  and having a capacity of num_num liters .
either way ,  it didn t work the way it was supposed to .
honestly ,  they should be about num_num cents a pop and i might say go for it .
it s been one week and it is still not stretched enough .
i have an old galvanize can  antique  that looks very similar to this one .
as the old saying goes  you get what you pay for  .
sent them back and was refunded by amazon .
the thing that just blew me away was how lightweight and just cheap it was .
when the dock does work it takes over num_num hours to completely charge the batteries .
after the company sent me a second one ,  i did the same thing .
cleanup is also a pain with all the parts .
this cover looks like its advertised but functiuonally it stinks .
spend a few more bucks and get a player with gb s of storage space and way better audio output .
it makes the cover look pretty bad . it would be just as good without the coating just smoother .
i ll keep on trying it ,  i m not about to write it off completely yet .
i was expecting much more than ffvii quality than this ,  and i got num_extend
open the package to find that it was broke into two pieces .
i have not found this true of the many other norpro baking pans i own .
the saw might work in a pinch ,  but it s not long enough num_extend to really be useful .
my num_num star is based on the product it self not this product only .
for the price ,  there are much better options .
disappointing based on the reviews i had read .
i just ordered the breadman num_extend which was the one i had originally wanted .
the outer silicon skin layer seems to be tough ,  but the inside was the problem .
however ,  i can normally tell from several uses if it is going to work for me .
the day before yesterday i dropped my phone ,  no biggie right .
or an espresso cup which has num_num mg .
it may not be annoying to some ,  but it is to me .
i tricked myself into thinking this might be okay to buy as many seem to like it .
when the num_extend worked ,  it worked well ,  and when it decided to not work it screwed up my computer .
looks nice initially but upon closer look ,  the finish is very cheap looking .
it gives less satiety ,  meaning you need to eat more of it to become full .
i returned the item for a slim fit ,  because this was baggy on the legs and rear .
not sure i would purchase from this vender again ,  despite the cheap price .
the day i set it up and tried to use it ,  it malfunctioned  end of november num_extend
my phone doesn t always read that it s hooked up and it doesn t charge the phone .
think it works with the seidio holster ,  but mine broke ,  so i can t tell ya .
my dog is num_extend and has a big head but they are too big for him .
i have been through several bags of these .
i would not recommend these or purchase them again .
i pop this in my whirly pop and only get a few kernels that will actually pop .
then you have to push it out . a lot of time is spent coring one apple .
this toy is also really loud and incessant .
i just use it for a timer now .
not a survival knife or a woodcraft knife ,  but a cheap light use hunting blade .
i am num_extend have a num_extend waist and a num_extend wide thighs .
this thing worked fine for about num_num months ,  i used it mainly for grilling steaks ,  pork and chicken .
i m going to try it as a wash out conditioner and see if i like it any better .
but after num_num years or so ,  it wore out . so i bought the black and decker .
it doesn t look shiny ,  the finish is very dull .
it may be better at handling the signals and the hiss and noise could go away .
we purchased this item mainly due to it s low price but i guess you get what you pay for .
i have been using this net for a few weeks now .
about num_num hours  worth of light and  .  .  . off goes the light .
if you order ,  you have to wait for it to ship from overseas .
i bought one ,  returned it ,  and the second one is as crappy as the first .
it does not securely lock the blade in place .
however at this price we should really be getting better build quality .
i hope you never run your finger across your screen because it might get stuck .
to bad as i like the color red .
they do look big and clunky ,  but actually they run very odd in fit .
makes it difficult to plug the charger up to it .
i m hoping to get it replaced under the mfgr warranty .
i was taken in by the low price ,  but that was a mistake .
recommended  hardware is num_extend and a radeon num_extend
i always washed it by hand  which took forever after soaking  and there were no scratches .
i returned the item ,  because it did not work for me .
i purchased it because i wanted something cheap to transfer a couple things from vhs .
despite the advertised information that this item is made for jawbone era bluetooth headsets ,  they do not fit .
i will never buy anything again that needs these worthless things .
these are less expensive than the previous brand used ,  but are definitely an inferior product .
other than that i think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner .
anyway ,  not too hard and saves you some money and you don t have to throw it in the trash .
it was less than fidy bucks at comp usa so i decided to try it out .
definitely not worth the price asked for this product .
i didn t need the adapters since this plugged directly into the three pin post on my motherboard .
i have other stainless steel pots ,  and none of them became discolor or develope rust spots like this one .
i was never hard on it and i ve only had it for about a month .
from reading reviews there is clearly a problem with some of these units just not working .
it seem to be made well ,  it s just to short to match up to size num_num pants .
it does charge my sansa num_extend player however .
i might as well be using a wash cloth .
as single coated filters go ,  i suppose this one is ok .
i think the other reviews don t adequately state how really thin and awful this stuff is .
also the sound is not very loud and would not deter any animal .
too cheap to returnthe product ,  so i kept it .
it wasn t specifically a metallic taste ,  but it also wasn t specifically an artificial ingredient taste .
it will just add bulk to your phone and not do much more than than .
you are lead to believe the potatoes are baked potatoes ,  but they are really really small .
this toothbrush was no different than a regular toothbrush .
i don t know about the other more pricey models but in this case you get what you pay for .
after setting it up ,  we poured coffee into the grinder ,  and it ground away .
it is slower than old version of internet explorer .
i know it works wonders for many people ,  unfortunately i am not one of them .
why would the handle be so heavy and the bottom piece so light .
not good quality ,  sound okay but not the quality of the product .
if you have a mild chewer i think it would be ok ,  but it is not for heavy chewers .
had high expectations for this cable but perhaps a  dsl phone cable  just exists for $
i was charged $ bucks and then saw it for $ at almost every other store ,  online or live .
it s a little bland and a little too sugary for me .
i just ordered a wall charger for my batteries so i don t have to mess with this anymore .
i will be buying a more expensive and adjustable heater to replace it .
as for size ,  i am num_extend num_num lbs .  ,  and ordered my usual size num_extend
the product seems very thick ,  dry and cakey .
the phone was not the quality as advertised .
product was a generic manufacturer usb cable ,  not the higher quality heavier gauge belkin product .
i would keep searching and spend your money on a better one .
man ,  the price should be $ max in my opinion .
so ,  if you go off your nail a bit ,  fix it before it goes under the light .
i was never able to use this piece of crap as a charger .
sure ,  they fit ,  but it s not a snug or secure fit .
after reading the reviews on this site ,  i purchased a whole case of saucettes off of amazon . com .
the flavor didn t seem as strong ,  but it still had the bitter taste .
i really wish i could give this product num_num stars ,  i really do .
vendor sent me a replacement that wound up doing the same thing .
one of the reasons for purchasing the otterbox cases was because it had these port covers .
it looks like i will need to keep buying canon cords .
with this experience ,  i contacted amazon and arranged a return .
really disappointing ,  especially with how many people rave about this product .
i don t have any severe allergies but some flowers make me sneeze .
i don t think i really need to say more but i will .
sometimes this works with my num_extend sometimes not .
when plugged in ,  the power button flashes red .
it s a bit hard to make the earbud stay in my ear ,  and forget about jogging wearing this .
i like olay products but won t buy these again .
fortunately it doesnt taste burnt ,  but it doesnt taste that great either .
so i started by ordering the ottoman first because it is a smaller item .
but it stopped working after a couple of months .
they manage to be both slightly too large ,  and slightly too small in several places .
it seems there is not enough coffee in them .
this doesn t !  there is not much smell to it at all .
this battery is ok ,  but the case is so cheap and breakable as to make it almost unusable .
contrary to popular belief there are far better mixers out there if you want to make bread .
i was excited to try this shampoo because of how it is listed for moisturizing .
the plastic interior shell is too hard to properly protect the phone .
you get what you pay for  applies here for this item .
hardest ever to apply and i ve had num_extend screen protectors .
one of the things that turn doesn t fit well and falls out .
you end up having to manually pull the lever up with your hand .
just go to target s web site and purchase it for less than $
there wasn t really much difference before and after i used it for a few weeks .
i know i could have bought a much nicer radio for less money .
the heel part is too small ,  even for my size num_num feet .
after num_num year of use ,  mine was dead as a doornail unless it was attached to the charger .
it s not very stretchy and after wearing it once the cap kind of just stayed in that shape .
i have had one for about a year ,  and i ve never used it . also ,  they are bulky .
i wish i would have paid a little more for a heavier case .
i like lipton s cold brew tea bags much better  smells much better ,  and never tasted awful  .
this toy was given to our son for his num_extend birthday .
i think i bought a size too big .
after using these ear plugs i decided that i didn t like them at all .
either the xbox num_num or num_extend will do .
for me personally the coffee was way too strong .
it was the only such adapter available at bestbuy when i bought it .
so ,  if you re clipping it to something ,  i think the cord is in the way .
i will go back to my old brand .
today i finally received my num_extend {second} griddle .
i thought it would have a sweeter flavor ,  but was a really weak tasting coffee .
i m not an audiophile and have no complaints about the audio quality .
i should of returned it but made modifications to make it fit but still not fun to use .
this is not a professional machine ,  it s a home appliance .
i guess i m not having that much luck with bluetooth earpieces .
it was a lot smaller than what i thought and was oily on my skin .
depending on how often you wear them ,  you may need to wash them weekly .
i bought this num_num years ago but should have returned it immediately .
this machine does pop the corn quickly and without any oil ,  but the result is chewy and inedible .
i left this charger on my phone for num_num hours and it only charged it half way .
i have used the serum for over a month now .
it does not feel heavy on the skin but there is definitely a residue .
i have been in the market for a paraben free deoderant and have been using this for num_num months .
these are made of very low quality materials ,  but given the price ,  there is no shock here .
i don t know anything about the product other than it looked huge ,  really huge .
please ,  reviewers ,  stop judging a product just because your dog gobbles it up .
i have to wash my hands carefully so i don t get it wet ,  or take it off every time .
the handle kept slipping around in my hand .
if you have a less reactive soap ,  i suggest you purchase some .
i felt the kahlua flavored coffee did not reflect the taste of kahlua liquor ,  it was bitter to me .
styling and construction seem good but audio quality leaves much to be desired .
the second i bought to see if it was a fluke didn t work right out of the box .
instead of using a robust connector ,  they use a micro usb connector .
if looking for a great gaming keyboard ,  go with the newer num_extend instead .
i gave it num_num stars in the beginning ,  but then mine died too .
sure ,  i got my money back ,  but did not appreciate the hassle .
main complaint ,  phone just turns itself off ,  usually while you are using it .
this worked ok for awhile but got progressivly worse .
can you go wrong for $ bucks ,  at most ?  no .
somethime sound will play crystal clear ,  othertimes there s horrible distortion .
i now have num_extend num_num and num_num btw .
i haven t used it much at all in the last month and a half that i ve owned it .
so far ,  every time i ve made coffee ,  the grounds overflow from the filter .
i didn t realize it until it today but what i received was a cheep knockoff .
bought this to help my puppy that weighed less than num_num lbs get up on our bed .
so now i have modified my review to be a num_num star .
it s very difficult to take apart ,  and it takes forever to clean by hand .
however ,  it tastes like mediocre ,  slightly bitter espresso that was watered down and poured into a can .
for me ,  the price doesn t justify what i get .
i ve had this device for several weeks now ,  and i really wanted to like it .
i think this product sent to me from amazon was expired or defective .
i have owned this cuisinart waffle maker for going on num_num years .
i was disappointed that it didn t work for more than num_num months .
i went ahead and ordered a different filter .
they aren t cut for curves and aren t comfortable .
i bought this only after mulling over the reviews .
i haven t seen them since so i can t speak to the durability .
i ended up sending it back for a full refund .
it came a few days after the estimated day .
that thing was used almost daily ,  like any other home appliance .
the material looks nice in the picture but it s really not that nice .
spend a few more dollars and get a better reflex sight .
gotta run to starbucks ,  or make instant coffeelight is on on the base of the coffee maker .
both unacceptable . this one fells pretty good in your hand and isn t too bulky for what it is .
the reviews were overwhelmingly positive ,  but it did not work well for me at all .
it is very hard to grip some things .
if one is interested in mobile productivity ,  microsoft phone is the platform to go ,  but this is not it .
the second one arrived in better condition with the flimsy door handle broken on one side .
i purchesed this item to go with the ati stock for my marlin num_extend
it is not as easy to brush on and avoid lumps .
good thing because the one i received from amazon is num_num times worse .
i went to mount it on my ak and the hardware was tweaked .
wasn t too difficult to figure out but then it did not work .
any wired headsets do with me anyways ,  i don t know what i do .
i definetly won t buy any more of these nor do i recommend them .
i have purchased many of your num_extend snag less patch cables in the past .
it smells similar ,  but not exactly the same .
i ended up buying from amazon ,  because they were cheaper .
will not work on most wide mouth jars .  .  . it is more trouble than it is worth .
i dont see any difference ,  hold for an hours at most .
when i put it in the  off  position ,  it turned on .
for some reason the white keeps coming off on the corners to a pink color .
i now rarely use it and know if it was easier to clean i would use it often .
was looking forward to using the case with my phone .
can t say too much more and the other reviews said it all .
there are even a couple areas where there is just a bit too much plastic on the hard case .
static .  .  .  .  . digital sound quality is quite poor ,  mostly sounds like static .
i didn t put this on the next day and my eyes felt way better and no rash .
i emailed the seller and they promptly refunded my money .
so ,  im telling you ,  think about it ,  read more reviews ,  do more research .
i am not at all pleased with their customer service .
unlike many routers this one doesn t allow you to navigate to num_extend and punch in your important info .
it s not the worst but it sure wasn t the best .
for the money ,  it could a whole lot better .
you cannot dock the phone while it is in the case .
i guess i was hasty to write such a rave review .
i ve used other products with success but this thing is crap .
i am using it on a panasonic cordless phone .
there was num_extend of sugar in that little num_num oz .
i guess it takes some practice to use these properly ,  which is something i didn t do .
it is cute but the design was terrible .
size isn t tight or slim as i read on other reviews ,  these are very baggy .
this soup used to be good and non troublesom .
i had to use pliers to fully unscrew it .
the clasp i just mentioned above is made out of plastic .
they told me to try again and i did and it doesn t work as directed .
i m not sure if i like it ,  the taste is a little weird to me .
for the price they are very sub par ,  and does not do what they claim ,  would never buy again .
i would not consider any brand but pyrex because my old one had served me so well for years .
fortunately ,  the inside of the ups is all steel so nothing leaked out .
after just a couple of weeks it stopped working .
i would have rated it minus num_num stars .
i bought these ignoring the poor reviews since they were sold by amazon but the negative reviews were true .
you should bend it to go onto ,  and grip whatever you are going to clip it to .
one lasted only a few days at best .
i don t think i will purchase this again .
mistake . i wouldn t buy one of these for $ when i saw it in the store .
i resorted to using the keurig to brew a cup of hot water and using a tea bag .
it just looks cheap and a bit haggered not exactly what i thought .
a regular class washer device is much better than the large cleaner which is a total waste .
i didn t see that until i ordered it .
if you are looking for some color ,  go darker .
if it had a flat mirror i would give it five stars .
now it must sit on the counter when in use .
i bought this one thinking i would not have to worry about coffee makers for another num_num years .
if i was going to buy again ,  i would get the next size up .
that was my original rationalization for buying this product .
this happened to me about once every other day when i was using it .
first ,  i couldn t really get the ear loops to hold the headset snugly in place .
why it gets raving reviews ?  i have no idea .
i did not see any difference with this product from others i have tried to remove stains and odors .
i agree with the reviewer who noted that the plastic is weak .
first the buttons ,  they are confusing ,  and don t work half the time .
this juicer didn t cost much ,  and isn t worth much .
i would think that would help the chances of mucking up the screen .
it should be no more than $ for what it does .
i read the directions ,  and checked youtube to watch the video made by the creator .
the picture is very deceptive ,  it looks large in the picture .
i bought num_num of these  otterbox  of amazon .
chose the two star rating  i don t like it  because these headphones would not stay on my head .
if i can t see the time in the dark without using a flashlight ,  it is totally worthless .
also ,  the flimsy material means this is likely to wear easily on tiled or hardwood surfaces .
they looked good as i expected ,  but they didn t fit right .
i didn t use it a lot ,  i don t know why it died .
i bought this in september ,  and by may it was broken .
i know that i have not purchased anything from this brand since ,  and not planning to ever again .
i don t hate it but just not very practical .
since the price is so low $ i am not going to spend the $ to return this item .
if this was a bit creamier ,  i could load it to my brush and apply easier .
wow ,  i can t believe i bought this ,  was a pile of trash .
it may not cost a lot of money ,  but its certainly a cheap product .
so if you are looking for an unlocked phone ,  buy it from someone else !  .
it would have spread easier with a knife than the included fork .
the bag shows big chunks of beef ,  carrots ,  peas ,  etc .
when i received it the box was broken open inside the padded envelope in which it was shipped .
the build quality is ok ,  but it is % plastic num_extend
the screen protector makes the screen grainy and completely takes away from the clarity of the samsung screen .
i wouldn t recommend this to anyone ,  was such a let down and for the price .
it looks like it has been in service num_num years .
not worth the $ in my opinion as dollar shop has it cheaper .
the only way for a vacuum pump to really work is to be able to create a seal .
still ,  you need a manual to tell you how to make a call ,  and perform other basic tasks .
i believe these could be very helpful for my dogs but they would have only needed a small bowl .
i m glad i spent so little on this gadget .
i complained to amazon ,  who immediately issued me a refund .
i ve done a review for it before now too .
i think there are better products out there but you are going to pay for them .
i used the jabra stereo headset with a now num_num years old pocket pc and it s again unlistenable .
i spent more time trying to use this than if i had sliced the vegetables by hand .
i don t think i m that sensitive to smells .
should have spend the money for a better product .
i wasn t expecting these things to last forever ,  but certainly more than num_num min .
but because it was over $ it s not woth the price .
nice clippers but these things are way too sharp .
i was also a bit disappointed with the sound quality .
it needs a zipper along the outside edge to give more unfettered access to the storage compartment .
first of all this is pretty expensive and the bottle isnt very big .
there are other ,  cheaper ,  much better electronics that specialize in these arears . cost .
i m going to try another product because i really want to add hempseeds to my diet .
i had high hopes after reading the reviews .
amazon did their part and gave me a refund .
they smell the same and appear to be composed of the same material .
let s just say that you get what you pay for and leave it at that .
eventually it dried to a slightly shiny  is this supposed to be age minimizing ?   slightly filmy feeling layer .
this mug is hard to clean and does not keep your coffee hot .
you put it on and don t have to worry about touch ups or smudging until you take it off .
i messed with it for about num_num minutes .
well ,  we ve had this toy for about num_num months .
i used it for a month and did not noticed anything .
i purchased this product because of the reviews however i was very disappointed .
i use this everyday ,  it tore and wore out for short time .
this thing is cheep !  material is very thin .
if i try to take it off with one hand it pinches my ear painfully .
the plug at the end of the cable which hooks to the pc ,  is stored in the battery compartment .
the micro usb end of the original cable had a part that was glossy .
i submitted the claim to amazon s a to z refund policy and was credited a full refund .
num_extend is ok but it isn t even as good as num_extend never mind num_extend
it was hanging off the edges and was not as good as what i believed it would be .
i ordered to my height and weight but it way too small .
the plastic is very thin and it looks like it can t hold a lot of weight .
and i make no apologies for being num_extend lbs . plus either .
i bought this product num_num months ago and it has already stopped working .
the instructions say twist and turn and the thing goes on ,  but it is actually more difficult than that .
i don t like these as well as the other ones that i have purchased .
maybe i simply got a dud ,  but i wouldn t purchase this again .
if you want something quick and cheap go with this .
i returned this product twice hoping that i d get a replacement that would prove me wrong about this product .
i see this is now num_num bucks for num_num bags ,  shipped .
i had this for two weeks and never had to recharge it .
it lasted for num_num days for the first num_num days ,  now it s just like my old battery .
i might have received a defective item but i am hoping to exchange for another one .
i am considering purchasing on a size smaller but i have to ponder on that .
it s not a matter of a weak battery :  i ve changed it .
they do not provide more hours on my phone than regular batteries .
i go thru around num_num vacuum cleaners per year because i have two saint bernards and a pug .
we bought two of these and neither worked so we had to return .
so before opening try to find something to put the coffee in after you get the bag open .
very disappointed in amazon for selling something like this .
my gun has a num_num round capacity and that presents a problem for this type of swivel .
after reading the reviews here ,  i am perplexed .
length and waste was fine as with the fabric weight and color .
i tend to sleep side ,  back num_extend with this pillow .
but the square connection doesn t allow it to fit with a case on my iphone .
for the price  though not expensive  you can do a lot better .
i had no problems with the provider or the arrival of the product .
this toy feels very flimsy and is not worth the $ i paid for it .
i dont care for this product because it does not work .
i like the low profile design ,  but cannot recommend based on quality .
well ,  that s ok ,  i ve still got a slow cooker right ? wrong .
using the bulky case made my galaxy num_extend feel like an iphone num_extend
remove lid and pour and coffee spills all over .
cheap plastic that cracks easily and a waste of time . get something that costs more and made better . the end .
and to make it worse ,  the cord that comes with this thing is quite short .
however ,  this product didn t do anything for me .
so num_num stars for being a cheap crafts option  under $ right now  ,  but imo ,  not worth it .
once you have used the bissell ,  it never seems clean again . it wasn t expensive ,  at all ,  so i m not upset .
unfortunately ,  it did not deliver . while the art  textures ,  light ,  shaders  is excellent ,  the level design is mediocre at best .
then you have to use hot water to get it to change back .
if you intend to use it strictly for calls ,  i suspect the battery life will be much longer .
it would fit ok but my stove has a vent on the rear that prevents these from fitting correctly .
these speakers were a cheap way to replace non working speakers in an old car .
it is well made but there is no room in the fridge to put anything like i expected .
my wife needed to replace her num_extend plastic strainer .
i m glad i tried the product but i would not buy again .
i ve had it plugged in for num_num days and the ipad was not charged num_num percent .
i ordered these as a gift but they were too small .
that being said ,  i was unpleasantly surprised when i took a sip of illy issimo caffe .
now when i put it for charging ,  the charge complte light will come on in num_num minutes .
i m baffled as to why this product has received so many favorable reviews .
made it look pretty bad ,  but the rest of my covers didn t do that .
i charged it for about num_num hours before checking the battery level .
i m excited to use it but it came poking out of the box damaged .
i was given the chance to try out this product for a review .
no real complaints for the cheese grating quality though .  .  . it seems to work ok for that area .
in short ,  i was not very impressed with this product .
thought i would save money by buying this one ,  now i know why it costs so much less .
now i know why it was so cheap .
although my phone did feel like a tank inside this beast of a case ,  it just wasn t for me .
version num_num uses a much more recent bios version num_extend num_extend
i was anxious to try puroast low acid coffee .
i m sure there is a minor defect in it that i have to find and repair .
the cable is very thin and inexpensive looking .
i thought it would be better .  .  .  .  . doesn t seem to work as well as i had hoped .
if only it was easy to get to the battery to do a simple change .
it is just sitting on my counter were i am wondering what i can do with it .
generally ,  i clean with oil ,  spray this stuff throughout and wipe down ,  then oil again .
i may or may not hear it ringing when i make a call .
i bought somewhere else and different brands after this purchase .
i would recommend if you have this phone do not buy this case .
however at the price i couldn t turn them down .
i bought this with high hopes and was let down .
another thing :  be prepared for a high pitched ,  screeching noise coming from the unit when you are juicing .
a slightly bitter ,  metallic after taste . a long way from a properly prepared cappuccino in a good coffee shop .
there are more buttons on it than a remote for a complex stereo system .
also ,  when i have the tank freshly filled with cold tap water ,  some vapor escapes from under the cap .
it was too large and the stretchy material doesn t provide enough support as a result .
but i guess u pay for what u get num_extend
this product does not replace the authentic item .
i don t stick this stuff in my dishwasher ,  i hand wash .
the clamps are very difficult to pry open and i am constantly afraid of breaking it with excessive force .
i should have read the reviews before ordering this product .
i probably will use maybe num_num out of the twelve that come with this set .
i would not recommend this as a purchase if paying retail for it .
back it went . reordered it ,  and now it freezes ,  to unfreeze it i take the battery out .
if you bought this then plz .  .  . return it asap .
i repeat :  this was only from rinsing under the faucet .
that s the only reason i gave num_num stars ?  ?  .
they feel less like the sound is in a tin can .
don t waste your money ,  just buy a good moisturizer and cleaner .
omg ,  ,  this knife rusted on me after only num_num months of use . i would not recommend this at all .
so ,  i used it for different purpose and didn t work for me .
the only thing good about this is that only the sound works .
not saying it doesnt work; for me it did not .
first of all i ll start by saying that the graphics look spectaculaire .
grease splattered all over my microwave ,  and the bacon was unevenly cooked .
however ,  it does charge my ipad num_extend and num_extend generation .
so i was going to buy this game .
i should have read the reviews before i purchased this .
i have not had good luck with this product brand .
it worked about num_num times then suddenly won t come on anymore .
the samsung device is not handsfree or eyefree at all .
it s small enough to be thrown into a suitcase .
i have been using it faithfully for num_num wks .
but when i m listening to music or a podcast ,  it doesn t .
i wear a size num_num in skinny jeans .
instead ,  the cloths had a thick tissue feel .
is less fun to play with it if you have to spend all that money don`t you think .
i was hoping based on the positive reviews that these would be ok quality .
to get linksys  previous num_extend model num_extend to work ,  i had to buy their num_extend range extender .
i would love to return it for a different type ,  but had it too long .
with num_extend of carbs it s a very fat cookie .
you have to follow instructions !  worse ,  the instructions aren t easy to find .
the power button may take me a few minutes to turn on .
the first knife i own is the sog twitch xl with the rosewood handle .
the build quality is cheap ,  there is no way this is a good value at $ anymore .
the fan in this thing blows out cold air .
they offered to send me a new one immediately .
for the premium price ,  i was not impressed .
i tried this tea several times just to make sure it wasn t a bad tea bag .
the earphone jack has no problem at all accomodating my earphones .
but it does not have the  optional  picks and brushes needed to do a thorough cleaning .
i would not buy these again because of this .
this small cheap feel overpriced flimsy not the best product by far .
the product burnt out in about a month .  .  . wish i never lost my original charger .
it says it is made for the htc  ,  but it is way too big .
the other reason for my num_num star rating is the price .
this was pretty small ,  floppy ,  flimsy and overall pretty lame .
i have used it for the last num_num days .
the color is too white looking on me .
but that brand is pricey so i was looking for a less expensive alternative .
the consistency is thin and the color output is very poor .
even the original nhl back in num_extend accounted for this .
i ve had many different types of their coffee before and never have i tasted something this bad .
i have the nrs stock ,  and i replaced the ridiculously hard buttpad with a limbsaver .
it only takes a scoop and a half of coffee ,  and a scoop is barely bigger than a teaspoon .
guess i should of realized the price was so cheap because it was made so cheap .
at first ,  they initially don t taste too bad ,  but they re not what i d want to eat often .
the cable barely holds a signal now  constantly need to jiggle the thing to work  .
i could live with that if it tasted better ,  sadly it just does not .
in fact ,  it doesn t really seem to have any noise canceling affect . also ,  the battery life is very short .
the product description is a little deceitful too .
if you re looking for something to make using your touch screen easier to use .  .  .  . save your money .
it won t charge this battery or allow me to use it .
it does feel tough like it would stand up to abuse .
ugh !  i had such high hopes for this bra after reading the other reviews .
i wanted to buy more but they were unavailable up until recently .
boom !  my home computer now again has limited or no internet connectivity .
the worst part though is that having it on your ears to wear actually is uncomfortable .
when i ordered sennheiser rs num_num headphones i didn t expect very much and i wasn t disappointed .
this can opener has plastic handles and is sort of flimsy despite its large size .
we even tried using it for french toast ,  but it was still barely edible .
good thing it was only $ or else i would ve been really upset .
even worse ,  the battery is not replaceable . my replacement was a shark brand .
i have not had to clean it yet .
i never have trouble with anything i buy on amazon ,  with the exception of my last two purchases .
this particular product has to much gray undertone for my coloring .
i used this product for over num_num months .
the cover is actually thick ,  it s not slick as it seems to be in the picture .
it reminded me if one i had in the num_extend
i would buy the num_num oz corning ware mug with the lid .
it s bulky and you can buy other products that are better .
i picked up one of these units yesterday and i returned it today for the following num_extend
when i first bought this ,  the zipper seemed fine ,  but now i know it is a very cheap zipper .
yes ,  the battery here is replaceable ,  but after just a month of use it s already degrading significantly .
no better or worse than any other optical audio cable .
i gave this product a low score because i have not received it yet .
these screens were cut to fit my phone .
their pillow is filled with polyester ,  and couldn t possibly be as miserable to sleep on .
i then replaced the batteries in the num_extend to make sure it was the game itself .
one of the earbuds fell out of the wire without any sort of tension or pressure .
i hate to say this product did not work for me .
i gave it two stars because it is functional ,  but cheaply made and over priced .
just need to order the proper sized battery cover and battery from another source .
the bottle will probably last me at least num_num months to a year .
i checked the connections and everything was ok .
she was so excited to see me unwrap this  it looks like bread !  !   .
takes num_num minutes to set up the watch .
have not seen it make a difference in my skin color .
i don t plan to buy this ever again .
thankfully ,  it was a ripped seem that could be easily fix .
i could not get this device to work . i did like the solid feel of the handset .
don t waste your money ,  these really are very small .
i ended up having to glue everything to get it to stand .
i exchanged for one that i did not need to use hardware for mounting .
a lot of times ,  i think the reviews are fake so dont get fooled .
my old ones never wore out and i bought them in num_extend
if you want an understated ,  small ring ,  this is not a terrible piece ,  i however prefer more significant jewelry .
the only part that seems above par is the sounds and music .
the only good thing about this product is its ingredients .
this coffee doesn t taste bad ,  but it doesn t smell like coffee .
it s definitely not high end or even mediocre .
gonna try to find my old charger and buy that when i find it .
i used it once and never used it again .
i thought i was getting a connecter for my tablet to other electronics ,  that is not the case .
i was a little concerned reading the reviews before i purchased .
it has a hard and i mean hard rubber ear piece .
i checked hagen s website for help and asked here on amazon .
i usually wear a num_extend and these are too big .
it is expensive but it didn t work for me .
although i was very impressed with the ingredients in this multi ,  i was not satisfied with the results .
i ll have to buy another from another source .
the lens ,  or window ,  or whatever you call it ,  is glass .
because of this my phone easliy can slide out of my hand .
do not waste your money on this item .
i didn t realize it had a hard piece until i read the review and had already ordered .
i then slipped the silicone portion of the case on my phone ,  followed by the polycarbonate plastic shell .
i installed the cables ,  turned the switch and heard an audible click .
i have used mine wile under strett reload and it did not miss a beat .
you can buy these for cheaper if you got any department store if you are not lazy .
the sound is not good ,  and volume is low .
sadly ,  i bought num_num pairs for my bike and my wife s bike .
my internal drive made a little noise ,  but nothing like this .
the description for this cable says ,  oem by samsung .
i bought this a few years back and it ended up collecting dust .
i read in the reviews that the quality was not the same .
finally ,  i had to buy a usb keyboard .
outside of that ,  it s my only complaint . all in all ,  this isn t such a good deal .
my advice is to spend a couple of extra bucks and get a larger ,  better built unit .
disappointing ,  to say the least ,  and i am afraid i cannot recommend this product .
i am no longer going to use it ,  in the market for a new one .
going to contact amazon just to let them know .
not too loose that the phone shakes around .
i really like the size of the board ,  i wanted to keep it ,  but the quality is just bad .
the process recommended for cleaning it out afterwards seemed like far more trouble than it was worth .
this product i m reviewing is way over priced .
this device has so much potential ,  but it didn t work for me .
i guess i m used to my % milk in my morning coffee .
used to hold the phone as a stand .
i know i m not the only one who thinks this way because i ve read other reviews to that effect .
for this kind of cheap quality of leather ,  it isn t worth this price .
overall ,  this product was not worth the money .
one of them did sniff the spot where the bubbles broke ,  but that was about it .
it is absolutely not so accurate and nice as the picture shows .
i am not sure if it is too big or what .
this is my num_extend vacuum purchase in less than a year from amazon; one hoover ,  one bissel ,  both sticks .
i don t know if this works or not .
it looks more like something i made in metal shop when i was num_extend
at least num_num of the num_num came broken .
it worked for about num_num months but now is useless .
it had light use ,  handled gently ,  but alas has issues with heat .
i bought this product ,  not sure what to expect .
perhaps it was just a fluke ,  but maybe not .
this takes a while with this product . upon cooking it ,  it has a rather harsh ,  unpleasant quality .
i am not taking off my screen protector just to use these things .
just what i needed to replace the dead battery in my watch .
worked well enough until just recently ,  now i have the num_extend error .
it s totally not up to par with the usual oxo utensils .
i had read other  favorable  reviews ,  and decided it was now my turn to test this item .
i am not sure if it worked or not ,  i have stopped using it .
flaw num_extend grinded material gets stuck under the blade .
even at low volume it was tinny sounding .
but in it s sturdyness i think this mouse is a bit clunky almost .
even though i gave it only num_num stars it doesn t mean it won t work for you .
i wish i could return it ,  but i forgot to do it in time .
when it broke i purchased this one even though the reviews were mostly terrible .
i followed the advise and instead of an num_num i ordered num_extend and they fit ok .
i ve had other badexperiences recently ,  they just aren t what they used to be .
my num_extend old recieved this doll for christmas .
tis is what i would consider as a scam .
they send me a new replacement ,  shipped for free again .
i don t run in them or do anything crazy .
this slow cooker works as advertised but the handles are incredibly cheaply made .
not as nice as it looks on here .
i ve changed batteries and still it will not operate .
reading some of the other reviews ,  i do believe that this was a used battery .
i have not used this product since i purchased it .
i don t like it and i don t want to recommend it to anyone .
i rarely write negative reviews even when the product leaves much to be desired .
save your money and buy a better knife .
i purchased these as a replacement and boy was i disappointed .
i use recycled lids or canning lids for everything else .
don t buy if you need a durable phone case that protects your phone .
i own num_num already between home and work  .
all in all ,  i am disappointed :  the cheaper replacement proved to be cheap indeed . the screen also feels slightly different .
i m glad i didn t pay money for it .
i was very excited to get the num_extend
plus ,  it is not as thick as other essie product i have used before .
however the clothes were still too large for me .
coffee and they sent me this model ,  which is similar but smaller .
really now ,  there are heavy stainless steel bowls that cost a lot less .
despite the cheap price which i love ,  the design is really not my cup of tea .
had the battery for a month with no problems .
this pc uses the intel num_extend chipset that supports both usb num_extend and usb num_extend
i tried it a few times with the same results .
maybe it works for someone ,  but not me .
you need to basically fill the pan up with enough oil so your frying your food .
and even then it is frustrating . i can t understand how this samsung num_extend earpiece got all the good reviews .
i ve upgraded the firmware backwards and forwards but this puppy drops connections like my old switch never does .
i had to trash it and get a different product .
when i ordered this popcorn ,  i was expecting a premium and organic popcorn with low sodium and low fat .
i should preface this by saying i ve only taken this product once .
it is made of hard plastic with odd fins and protrusions everywhere .
it s not too overpowering of a scent ,  but it might clash with a cologne or scented body spray .
talk time from full charge is about num_extend to num_num hrs using bluetooth .
i won t discard this tea ,  it s drinkable with lemon and sugar .
if you buy these to use them for a while ,  get better quality .
this worked well for the application but the batteries just kept on dieing in the remote .
however ,  i guess it was the type of material that our chair is made from ,  these did not stick .
this product doesn t do as it advertises it to do .
i did not get the same product . the product i received the second time looked identical .
i will buy another and throw this one out .
im stuck with it ,  somewhere in my drawer .
so ,  if it works or not ,  i don t know .
not only are they too big ,  but they are really heavy and hard to walk in .
anyhow ,  these hats are just tiny and do run really really small .
i looked around and i wasn t sure what it was .
unfortunately ,  it broke the second time she used it .
even with the charge light lit ,  it sometimes doesn t charge . the red screen lighting sucks .
that s the main reason i decided to replace it .
i opened my oven to find the pan skewed out of flat by about num_extend inches .
i have had this case for months and have never used it once because of how it fits .
i so desperately want to like it that i ve written two reviews of it .
i thought maybe it was just mine ,  so i came to check the reviews .
used it three times to grind small amounts of spices .
have had to buy a replacement ,  bigger battery .
this model ,  the num_extend is one of num_num jabra headsets i have ordered .
the intec psp screen protector would probably be ok if there were num_num screens included .
it looks and feels like a cheap aftermarket one ,  exactly what i didn t want .
next time it popped off i really didn t have to put much pressure on it at all .
for durability reasons ,  i don t like a whole lot of plastic .
they didn t work for my iphone or ipad .
it worked for a month or so and then just stopped .
the opening for camera not exactly on camera .
i decided to buy it on amazon since it was a little less expensive .
i could only really taste the chocolate with my first bite .
they are so thin ,  very small for the size ordered and just plain cheap junk .
i know the corn is small ,  but what i didn t expect was the way the kernels popped .
get what you pay for with this case .
it is not the batteries .  .  .  . i replaced the batteries and it still won t work .
and the  pour  position isn t easy to see in dim light  and for me without glasses  .
almost nothing sticks to the brush when i pull it out of the little container .
simple enough to use ,  but the speaker sounds harsh and distorted .
we ll see ! i can t really recommend purchasing one ,  there are better machines available . don t waste money on this machine !  !  !  .
you have got to try e guittard cocoa powder ,  unsweetened rouge red dutch process cocoa ,  num_extend can by e .
a roll of tape ,  small scissors ,  plastic tweezers .
sort of a dark multicam pattern . the mesh material itself isn t very fine .
and it is not as good as my favorite theater popcorn .
however ,  the way it is now ,  i wouldn t ever purchase this product again .
i followed the directions for having num_num cups go through the coffeemaker prior to actually brewing coffee .
if you have never used earplugs before i do not recommend them .
i went back to my real skin cream and some of the damage is gone .
let it sit for num_num minutes ,  press the filter down and poured it out into a cup .
if you are an audiophile or have a good ear for music ,  then don t buy this .
overall ,  this product promised me much ,  and delivered little .
you re better off spending an extra $ on  mangroomer essential nose and ear hair trimmer  here on amazon .
the ad claims $ but i was charged $ in shipping .
not as rich as with the num_num cup version ,  and i used the same ratio of coffee to water .
i recomend you buy a bigger bag it does not meet the billing here .
i cannot justify paying this price  or any price ,  frankly  for a product that does not work .
i wish i had bought the $ one .
i m on amazon right now buying replacements  another brand  for these that have completely failed .
but the price for shipping was kinda a rip off and i was fairly disappointed when it arrived .
the headband looks like it should sit flat on your head ,  but it doesn t .
i paid $ for this woven stretch belt .
ew  .  .  .   i haven t been using it everyday so i wouldn t know if it working or not .
that is cheap craftsmanship !  i was all set to buy more but not now .
when i got it ,  it was in the three pieces ,  like i was expecting .
after reading all the great reviews on amazon i was so excited to get these shoes .
all this product will do is keep your phone on the same percent it doesn t fully charge the phone .
it s made of a harder plastic type material which is hard to adjust .
too bad ,  because i would have ordered more in future .
then upon opening the box i could immediately tell that the item was used .
doesn t seem like a quality brush to me .
while this set boasts on having num_num pieces ,  many of them are repetitive or difficult to use .
very difficult to even get it back into the handle to glue it back together .
it might work great for length ,  but in width it came up short .
i bought this product thinking that i could return it if i didn t like it .
it is as described however the color on the product does not stay put .
the bad is the latches keep popping open and off ,  thankfully it stays locked .
you need to pull the button out then turn it ,  when you shut the lid it locks automatically .
horrible battery life ,  i get about num_extend hrs of battery life out of this .
in the photo image here ,  the container looks like glass .
it wasn t bad ,  it just wasn t very good .
i used these to steam my sticky rice .
based on the reviews of the cups running small ,  i ordered a num_extend
and the phone becomes not as responsive and sometimes freeze after this hard reset .
i am using an iphone num_extend and the sound is very staticky on both ends .
the charger gets really hot when charging ,  maybe that is normal ,  i m not sure ,  makes me nervous .
you mostly pay $ to cover their packaging and for the cheesy certificate of authenticity .
i didn t want to spend the same amount on shipping it back .
i had used everclean for years and really had no complaints .
there are better products out there for half the price .
this arm strap came with too much material which needs to be trimmed if worn properly .
the digital number display is hard to read .
i purchased num_num of these late last year .
i decided to try this one ,  becuase it was cheaper .
if you have pets you ll have to replace the main filter every num_num months max .
product is bulky and takes up too much space .
this was a toy my husband was really excited about for our daughter .
it literally took me num_num minutes to get this off without damaging my phone .
i had to replace my num_num month old built in microwave so i returned it and would use caution .
i ve been eating knorr  lipton  noodles for about num_num years now .
there was a power outage in my community .
once that happens they are brittle and charred to the point of being unusable .
i ve been using otterbox cases for a long time .
at least they re not over the actual touch screen .
i can tell the lid is not the same as in the usual bottle as well .
for some reason the my epic just doesn t like these screen protectors i have tried two brands .
plus ,  this leather is hard and seems crispy .
it s not an unforgivable obstacle . what got me was the taste .
i ve been through num_num plantronics headsets over the past year .
so i have been using this product for years .
this product is supposed to support dogs up to num_extend
i ve used it a couple times ,  but it s difficult since it s broken .
i immediately went into the main game and went to play .
fyi i have been using this for about num_num weeks .
however ,  it was extremely scratchy and irritated my skin in several places .
personally ,  i didn t like it because of it wasn t umami  tasty  .
i bought the large and they were still too small for my face .
sometimes trouble getting it to come on and stay charged .
did not like this product  ,  it did not work for me .
i would have bought a different cleaner and actually am looking for a different one to replace this one .
i bought another num_num pack kit from a different place and same thing happened .
first off ,  it s grinder is so loud you wouldn t need an alarm clock to wake you in the morning .
i used to use my mom s all the time .
i was so disappointed with the quality that i returned it to amazon for a refund .
i will use remaining but probably will not purchase again .
it s a shame because what i got before was delicious .
they very cheaply made ,  which is to be expected for the price .
even a simple white bread recipe is disappointing because the loaf is not evenly shaped . i would not recommend this .
i will still keep the bottle and continue to use it but so far .  .  .  .  . nothing .
i tried switching back to simple mobile ,  but reception isn t the same .
better than the battery i had  lg ally  ,  but not by much .
it isn t very bright ,  and the screen is hard to read while riding .
if something ever happens to it ,  i ll be buying this one again .
the product was significantly heavier than many other conditioners i ve used .
the unit looks cool but the sound leaves much to be desired .
are you serious ,  samsung ?  my iphone takes num_num minutes to charge .
these earplugs did not work for me at all .
i have used the mixer intermittently since then .
it is not working ,  i ve tried changing the batteries but nothing ,  zippo .
i would possibly buy this brand again ,  but not this type .
i think there are better things out there now to purchase .
this charger worked fine for a while but now it has a bad connection somewhere inside .
however ,  it is too thick and stay loose with my phone .
it s num_num bucks cheaper and num_num times better .
it only charges my iphone num_extend at % battery level .
but ,  not it is very gloopy and thick so it is very hard to use .
i ordered this flash as a replacement for a num_extend  that i was borrowing from a good colleague  .
and they are much smaller than they appear to be in the picture .
with in an hour there is a big puddle under it .
i almost skipped this product due to the low price and what i assumed would be poor sound quality .
i debated whether to buy another one or go with a different brand .
here was my experience with this product : it came promptly .
other than that i would give it no stars .
the fan blade is made of plastic ,  so ,  theoretically ,  you should not have to worry about getting cut .
so ,  the idea was good ,  but it just does not work in the long run .
again ,  the screen gets in the way of the square button .
my skin is pail this polish would look better on someone with more color than me .
i brewed this in my num_extend @ the num_extend mug size .
it looked very cheap and did not work for my ipod touch .
they are made of a weak metal ,  it appears to be aluminum ,  that is already getting chewed up .
the sound was great ,  but the headphones were poorly constructed and they broke .
i bought this product ,  but i never saw it in one piece .
i will soon bake with this one time to try it out ,  but my expectations are not high .
bought these headphones with low expecatations knowing the sound wouldn t be all that great ,  but they are really flat .
i cook my spinach num_num seconds on stove top .
i purchased this as a storage container for my dry dog food .
i purchased several of these ,  and all have gone bad .
if thiswas a generic usb disk device ,  any future os that supportsgeneric usb devices could support it .
but here s the thing ,  you get what you pay for .
i was excited to have a little retro fun item to use to talk on my cell phone .
i mean ,  i already had an old ipod charger that did the exact same thing .
pot is really heavy with the glass lid on . haven t figured out what the handle hanger ring is for .
also the colors were not as vibrant as pictured ,  almost not even the same colors .
i also had some flaky wireless problems with it but i must admit .
i guess that is what i got for what i paid for .
my first smartphone num_num months ago was android num_extend
sometimes work ,  sometimes doesnt ,  i guess the problem is the price ,  a decent one will cost several hundred bucks .
i use it every day but its not for anti glare .
i purchased this intending to use with my computer .
i just think it s too big to lack such definition .
don t waste your time buying this ,  there are better car charger like the one i bought from generic .
getting the new drivers isn t too bad ,  and when you install them ,  things should be great ,  right ? oh no .
the price is low ,  but you get what you pay for .
then i tried getting the spring back on it .
the cup is rated microwavable ,  but i guess it only works well when it is heated gradually .
the box suggests serving it either cold or hot after cooking it over the stove .
i am not kidding . note :   pure  and  organic  does not mean that it has to taste bad and feel disgusting .
i get the impression that either this works for you or it doesn t .
what is this tea made of ?  according to the ingredients list ,  the main ingredient besides  water  is propylene glycol .
this arrive ,  looks like nice quality but was num_num feet and not num_extend
one handle broke less than ten days after we got it .
i could be out considerably more than the cost of the battery .
i have been loving this yogurt maker until today when it ceased to function .
the only thing wrong with the case is that its too small for my phone .
they are very small for a size num_extend
for the price you are better off buying a multicoated uv protector .
it s a brilliantly simple idea ,  but one that falls flat due to being underexplained and overly detailed .
spend more $ and get something better like the bose etc !  .
the first time we tried it ,  i didn t really notice it working very well .
the power cord disconnects ,  and the unit powers off ,  whenever i move either the unit or the cord .
it s really hard to screw up a product like this .
i am very careful and have only used it a few times . the batteries seem to work ok .
i replaced this with a percolator ,  no more coffee messes in the morning .
the mechanism is noisy and makes a discernable clicking sound ,  like a cheap cassette .
i used it for the first time and it didn t seem to really work for me .
i have purchased countless items from amazon ,  new or used ,  but never received empty box .
it bugs me that so many of these reviews are fake methods of advertisement .
these headphones really clamp down on your ears to provide a bit of passive noise reduction .
my tap water is horrible and needs a filter .
tried bypassing the router with a direct cable connection .
looks like it might be an old one .
this case protects my phone while adding very little bulk to my phone .
it seemed to work okay at first ,  after a few months i ve noticed some problems with num_extend
i order this for my samsung num_extend and it did not fit .
so i received my jawbone era and it did not work at all .
when my grandmother needed a new set of knives ,  i felt i could not go wrong with these j . a .
and .  .  . i can t do a darn thing about it . normally ,  i d return it under warranty repair and pay my $
i ended up returning the item and buying a used bellows and slide copier on ebay .
i took it back to exchange for a linksys .
the cable seemed well constructed but apparently not so well .
based on reviews i bought this ,  but it useless .
i used it in a fruit smoothie with plain yogurt .
i don t hate scooping nearly as much as i previously thought i did .
i requested a refund num_num minutes after opening the package so hopefully the seller will oblige .
i had to superglue it back on to stay .
i would actually buy more of these in different colors if they were less expensive .
it looked like it wanted to peel off as soon as i finished polishing my nails .
it does not add much bulk at all to the iphone and the cutouts are prefect .
lasted about two weeks before i had to put on a new one .
i was excited to try this flat iron after reading all the reviews .
it does have sn odor ,  not as bad as others though .
the dough needs to be packaged in reusable containers ,  and probably a slightly larger amount supplied .
i had att sim phone for few years ,  so i know sim card .
when trying to adjust it again i found that the knob was turning independently of the screw .
this particular one had shards of plastic sticking out from the lid so it doesn t close all the way .
interact have recently replaced the num_extend num_extend with a new num_extend num_extend
i cooked it in the microwave ,  and the bowl ,  if very hot ,  is rather cumbersome to hold onto .
it is not the first kit i bought .
also the material is slightly scratchy and uncomfortable .
however ,  the battery will not charge through the defy xt .
it doesn t come with a ac adapter and the volume is a bit loud .
also ,  the lid won t stay closed on another day .
i purchased mine at a local store for $  one num_num ounce bag  .
but this one is going back tomorrow . i cannot believe that this item had so many positive reviews !  what happened ?  .
which was the main point of getting this thing . finally ,  it is very difficult to clean .
my phone doesn t even recognize the battery at all so it s pretty much worthless .
the bass is awful and sound quality is pretty poor .
they seem well made but the sizing is really off .
don t waste your money if you are buying it for its intended purpose .
but now my ends are super dry with this conditioner .
the bumper was a little flimsy and didn t have the green color like i ordered .
im num_num feet num_num pounds but to little for me .
the lid leaks like a sieve if you try to pour some before it is all in the bottom .
this is just a badly designed or flawed product .
and i still don t have a strong enough num_extend signal indoors to use my phone consistently .
when i opened the box ,  it was a piece of wire with cardboard at each end .
this is my first time trying this companies products .
it looks so old now and im not using it anymore .
we do not recommend these pads except maybe in the first month or so of a small dogs life !  .
it tasted cheesy i guess but not in a good way .
that s the only thing i like about it .
i ve installed two of these on my wife s num_extend
this is an inexpensive item because the quality is extremely poor .
there is a drastic reduction in water consumption of our cats when i use this product .
i ll be returning it if not too late and just buy the oem cord .
this one ,  however ,  is not something i would recommend .
it is the only thing my boy asked for for christmas .
upon application of this product my hands actually felt drier .
the part sitting on top of your ear hurts a lot .
so ,  i disconnected my old num_extend from my networked tivo and connected the new adapter .
this didn t happen before i started using this product .
also ,  you can see in the picture ,  it is a bit short .
this phone case is alright if you want a cheap case that wont last very long .
smaill reservoir :  the water reservoir is very small .
i know they are cheap  .  .  . but to buy several just to throw them out after a couple of days .
in fact ,  these are probably the worst sounding headphones i ve ever used .
sucks when it breaks the first time using it .
i have to open it and unscrew it and reposition the batteries for it to work again .
some may like this feature ,  i found it annoying .
i only got one ,  thought it was num_extend
for just a little more money ,  you can have a much better unit .
i was excited to see this on the amazon vine ,  as i have wanted one for a long time .
i was wanting headphones that would not fall off during exercise .
i normally am a fan of oxo products ,  but this one is just to flimsy .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks now ,  and i see num_num difference .
i own this product ,  but i did not buy it on amazon .
so ,  i went to our local gourmet store ,  paid $ more and bought one there .
i will not purchase another seidio active case for my next phone .
i had purchased a new computer barely num_num months ago .
its the thinnest of all ,  and not likely a better grade that would allow thinner steel .
it was used for about num_num minutes and then discarded .
the sound is pretty good the first time around ,  but then it just starts sounding tired .
i mostly wear num_extend but i wanted a sweatshirt that would be nice and baggy on me .
it is a bit hard to push the ring on .
however ,  i have not had any negative results either .
and i feel bad too ,  because i got it for my dad for his birthday .
okay i purchase this product on feb num_extend num_num and it came in the mail feb num_extend
woudlnt buy this if it was half the price .
i had to send it for repairs at my expense .
i have a very small frame and wear a num_extend
i wouldn t be complaining too much if this num_extend hadn t been over $ dollars .
frankly ,  anywhere you go you can get a better cup of coffee .
was connecting to a linksys num_extend which works fine with three other wireless devices .
i didn t care for the texture or the flavor .
i ll just be using my phone and the back cover comes off .
you click somewhere and the phone is responding to something else .
i am glad that i tested this with water and not in my new oven .
this component didn t work on two different computers ,  a laptop running winxp and a desktop using windows num_extend
so i am going to order again trying a large .
sould you desire a pam substitute ,  simply mix num_num tsp lecithin with num_extend of either grain alcohol or oil .
that s the only reason i was generous with num_num stars .
i guess you get what you pay for and i will probably be buying a better one soon .
not to mention small parts galore  lids come off and are tiny  .
after approximately one year it simply stopped working ,  i replaced the battery ,  but still nothing .
it is too heavy and not easy to hold .
doesn t fit my iphone num_num properly ,  the phone can slide around in the case .
seems to be a generic cable ,  belkin is not imprinted on it .
the sound was pretty decent ,  but never stayed in my ears .
i have an num_extend droid dna ,  num_extend nexus num_extend and htc one s .
not to mention ,  they re very rough and uncomfortable .
this did not work as well for me as expected .
it is cheap and you get what you pay for .
the quality of the product is very poor .
i saw how much praise this was getting so i decided to dish out the money to buy this .
it s inexpensive ,  but the quality of materials and workmanship ,  to me ,  is substandard .
i cut myself a couple of times and threw it out .
that is not a con but just what it is .
the microwave is not as fast as the one it replaced and the interior is small .
i suppose that s supposed to provide flexibility for a variety of pan widths .
i have had it for num_num months ,  but kept it in my travel bag for use away from home .
the top layer of fabric on this item was very cheap and thin .
otherwise it looked like a nice stable dock ,  but who doesn t have a case on their phone nowadays ?  .
let s call that one num_num stars ,  being fully mediocre in my view .
eventually i gave up and ordered a different product .
i m sure you would get better filtration through a paper towel in a funnel .
it was for me ,  sickly sweet and left a sugary aftertaste in my mouth .
i have a small condo and i m about num_num feet from the wap as the crow flies .
i wish i would have looked this one up first .
hasn t been tampered with since it s last use .
i was not happy with the size of this product .
if they get damaged you ve only lost about $ so you can save your more expensive ones .
overall it does work ,  it just leaves a icky oily feeling .
it was okay ,  it did it s job until the thing just finally gave out .
i bought this item from amazon even though the reviews i read were less than stellar .
my beef with this case is that i just don t like the design or feel of it .
it was cheap and i got what i paid for .
we needed a powered usb hub to hook up scanner ,  webcam ,  and digital camera to our num_extend imac .
this product is also pricey ,  so disappointing that i won t be using it again .
i wish i had taken the time to return it .
there are scuffs and dents on the plastic .
i needed them for data cables and charging of my num_extend
there has to be quieter models out there . i ve replaced the blade for the blender attachment twice .
old desktop running windows xp ,  a new pc running windows num_num and a notebook running windows num_extend
it s an expensive toy considering how poorly it is made .
i was hoping this would be good and really wanted to like it .
i had to spend num_num minutes scrubbing hard and using a variety of chemicals to lighten them up .
i d say they used it num_num times a week .
i ordered this clay baker to make sourdough bread in  keeps a moister bread when baking  .
the sound quality was not the best either .
the smaller ,  less expensive tuffy toys seem to be tougher .
bought farberware frypan about a year ago from  bigbox store  .
i feel like i m going to break my phone everytime i try pulling the cord out .
plus ,  the square handle hurts some of my fingers .
please be warned that anything you put in front of your lens will degrade the image to some degree .
so i cant say the product is no good .
my daughter begged for this in the store .
they weren t a one star ,  but for the price ,  close to that .
on my end ,  there was nothing special regarding call sound that i couldn t get in units half the price .
i ve also noticed these blades don t seem to last as long as when the fusion was introduced .
it s durable and its non corrosive ,  however ,  it does not hold up for any kind of heavy torquing .
cheap made and hardly any sound to the vacuum .
just do know that this product is not free from possible defects .
i could not get this in my size num_num or num_num shoes or boots .
at this point ,  i can t say how durable it is or how long the batteries last .
furthermore ,  the kit comes with a wet cloth to clean the screen before applying .
i ve tried other products from this company that worked .
life s just too short to drink crap coffee unless you have to .
annoyingly so . the materials used on this case feel very cheap .
although these num_num plastic pieces only cost less than $ they are not worth num_num cents .
i bought this item for my iphone and when it arrived suprise ,  it does not work with the iphone .
after all ,  the cereal comes in a plastic bag inside the box .
if you re into espresso s ,  not a bad buy; into latte s or capuccinos ,  not really the machine for you .
i ended up only using a few times .
im returning my set that i just recieved today .
next time ,  i ll pay more and buy something better .
i read the other reviews when i purchased this product .
it s inexpensive which in this case equates to poor quality .
after the adapter card is operating correctly ,  i then installed the new netgear num_extend num_num mbps router .
this battery burns down as fast as the num_num yr old one did .
i tried this product a few months ago .
yerba handle is thin and head is heavier and thicker making off center weight harder to handle than swissco .
to be fair ,  it is advertised as being heavily insulated .
i rated num_num star because there is not less .
i turned it on ,  by the way its not quite at all ,  sounds just like a vacuum cleaner .
for the second time in years i tried this .
i m surprised it didn t ruin my phones battery .
it s ok ,  but i would not buy it again .
it s a decent product but dont get ripped off price wise .
this product failed to work right out of the box .
it doesn t even work !  they are sending me a replacement so hopefully that one is actually functional .
so ,  before i knew better ,  i bought a few packs of these on sale .
it just isn t worth the hassle when there are other products in the same line that are far better .
my daughter had been hounding me for this for months so i purchased it for her for xmas .
i searched for accessories for my new droid x .
we had an old stainless steel one without the handles ,  so i thought this one would work better .
in between i try to dry it as often as i can .
i liked the idea and the looks of this product but it s just not very good ,  unfortunately .
it would to big for someone small not bad on an average person and not pretty on someone large .
i got this cheap speaker to replace a polk audio speaker that is out of production .
i somehow received and was charged for num_num sets of screen protectors .
this would be ok for maybe $ but for $ it s a rip off .
then one month after i bought the first one it stopped working .
i bought these strictly for the price which was a mistake .
it doesnt provide much cushion for your hand either .
it might be cheap ,  tinny speaker quality ,  but more than likely its the software that needs tweaking .
i am in no way trying to insult the seller ,  who delivered the item on time and as promised .
comes with num_num battery compartments num_num for the base and num_num for hanging .
i only use it in small amounts of time ,  so it hasn t broken down or shorted out on me .
the hardware had to be tightened so much to keep it from wobbling ,  it made moving it very difficult .
i have put several of these things on in the past so i am not a newbie .
you will also need the iphone app called  automatic  and an iphone num_extend or later .
but ,  nope . maybe you can find use for it ?  .
but; wish i would have paid the few bucks extra .
now they sit at the back of my closet .
i am disappointed to say this as i was very excited after seeing all these positive reviews .
i find these awkward to use with the long handle .
but since i paid so little for it .
wish i could find a retracting reliable  short is ok  gold plated cable .
but ,  people with more outdoor allergies don t seem to get relief from it .
this drink is basically juice with carbonation . the other notable issue i had with this was its size .
hopefully it will be okay for making kombucha since i really won t be drinking this tea regularly otherwise .
this router came with the latest firmware num_extend
if this had a metal handle you would be much better off .
i had go give them away to much ,  much ,  smaller sister .
i saw a few instances where this product was cited to help with allergies .
like i said i gave it a second chance by purchasing two .
the seller kept asking me to wait for it ,  which i did and it did finally arrive .
the handle is way to flimsy to use when the case is full of cars .
not expelkin ,  but it turned out that kinivo num_extend was better for audio calls over this .
after that we figured it must need new batteries so i replaced them .
i have a very simple system so the problem is not in the configuration .
i replaced the batteries and it won t come alive  :   i am really bummed .
i wrote the company and they sent me a new one ,  after i sent the broken one back .
perhaps because i don t use it because i don t need it .
really tried to like it ,  but didn t work like i had hoped .
so i contacted amazon and they sent me a replacement .
at the current time of this review ,  the lowest price offered for this game on amazon is $
marinex bakewear can tolerate oven temps to num_num degrees celsius .  .  . that over num_num degrees fairenhent .
should have gotten that more expensive one i saw here ,  the tom something .
product delivered was not what i had ordered . product was returned and refund was issued .
it s really bulky also which i didn t like .
i ve been using this for about num_num weeks now .
i wanted headphones to grow old with ,  and these appeared to be them .
most of these types of cases have a plastic screen this one didn t i m not sure why .
i had this interplak until for just over num_num year and it just stopped working for no apparent reason .
the two stars represents the price being inflated on amazon .
however ,  when i opened the package i was immediately disappointed .
short periods tend to be okay ,  but after a time ,  it s painful .
the lid is attached to the bottle in a way that is hard for me to get off .
these are really cheaper ,  so obviously my expectations were pretty low .
it seems odd too given that they are stainless steel .
i will never use what i have nor will i buy it again .
this is a toy nothing more nothing less .
my mom had to get her phone replaced because she was so frustrated with it .
i m updating my review after using the espresso maker after a while .
it does what it s supposed to do ,  leaves my hands clean but the smells leaves something to be desired .
i will not be buying anything else from them .
unless the light is just right ,  this thing is just about impossible to read .
consider the oem apple iphone num_num connector usb charging cable instead .
wanted to have it for a while before i left a review .
on top of that ,  it starting to not charge her phone overnight .
i thought it would be a harder rubberized material .
so it isn t as if i put a lot of weight on the thing .
but ,  i decided to pay about $ to go with a device that does use fm .
i was really hoping this mount would work for me .
although ,  that may be due to me replacing the filter every num_num week because it s clogged .
this texture would be acceptable in baked goods ,  but just doesn t work for beverages .
the water does not reach proper brewing temperature and the coffee is weak .
even with the plastic shell it is warped looking .
since i ordered num_num i was told they would replace num_num  free  ,  even though i really only needed num_extend
the handles are really fat and don t feel comfortable in the hand .
the blades just don t stay sharp for a clip .
this was for plantar facia ,  which i have .
i m not a cook and didn t know what cast iron cooked like .
too bad the quality doesn t match the looks .
i happen to love popcorn balls ,  some people don t . update :  i only ate num_num bag of this stuff .
i also do not like the there is a front piece that snaps to the back piece .
i tried it out and it seemed ok .
they have the same flavor ,  but are not as spicy nor as flavorful .
the seller issued a refund but i still need this so i may just order another and try again .
nothing like what is pictured in this listing ! i guess for stainless steel chopsticks ,  they are okay .
however ,  getting it to do so is sometimes difficult as it takes some jiggling around . i d say find another one .
do yourself a favor and buy something else .
for that much money i would expect better quality .
no i really like these products but this one was so bad .
just got this in and it is totally cheap .
it runs better ,  but not at any playable speeds .
i feel like it has to have its own sort of smell . the fragrance is not my cup of tea .
the bottle lasted less than a month ,  where i get up to num_num months use from the other brand .
or ,  i should say ,  tried to mask the bad coffee flavor .
if you only have a month or two till you upgrade ,  these cheapies will get you by .
with the sp s fold down lcd screen ,  you could easily protect num_extend
i think i paid $ for the original one at target on clearance .
in addition ,  while it smells nice ,  it s hardly num_num hour protection .
it is not a simple apply and wipe .
that fact could be good or bad ,  depending on your own preference for coffee !  .
i played ,  played ,  and played that silly game ,  with it s cute num_num bit graphics ,  as if i were possessed .
if i want whole food juice i ll use my blendtec num_extend
i actually feel better reading all these horrible reviews .
it was cheap ,  so i m not too broken hearted about it .
and ,  if the spices aren t edible ,  it s cheaper to make your own .
after about num_num uses cookies stuck to it just like a cookie sheet .
they came all dry and like others have said i just put water on them and they worked again .
cut a few pieces for your kit and save your money .
i thought it would do the trick ,  but no luck .
these speakers do not sound bad ,  don t get me wrong .
needless to say ,  i wouldn t pay $ for it .
i think someone would be better off looking at a smaller case than buying this large thing .
okaye ,  this toy arrived in a little padded envelope .
the only thing that was nice about it is that there is very little plastic odor .
it is a cheap knock off and doesn t work as well as other covers .
it is pricy for a product that is hard to tell if it is working .
i decided to give it a chance so i used it num_num more times .
the coffee is not any better then their less expensive brand without the grinder .
my only problem is it s really small ,  better for an infant than a toddler .
when the first set stopped working ,  i thought i just did something .
purchased about a year ago and rarely used .
i have try to recharge it several times and i think the battery is completely dead .
they were quite expensive for something that falls apart in just a couple of uses .
on the website there is only a num_extend dollar differance ,  in the store it cost num_extend
i was hoping to like this ,  at least a little bit .
i purchased it mostly as this was the only option ordered in this color and it was inexpensive .
i could not believe how many people rated this item favorably .
after that ,  it became stiff ,  streaky ,  and needed to be cleaned almost every time i used my product .
other than that ,  not the greatest but i really had low expectations for the price i paid for it .
first ,  the sound quality is just not very high .
finally used some of these with my cabbage for st .
so when i seen the illy issimo coffee drink i just had to get it .
i hate to give poor reviews but i have to say ,  i would not buy these .
it was so badly bent that i had to use a screwdriver to separate the panels .
they are the recommended batteries ,  but for some reason the batteries or my watch does not work .
i was not expecting much from them ,  considering the price ,  and i was right to be skeptical .
i used it on in a grill cooking a filet .
the color of the product was a dark tan color .
just grabbing the handle to hold it would bump it to off .
be careful of this product  ,  use very small amounts .
it costs more ,  so i didn t get it ,  but i only wasted my money on these awful products .
the killing point of this product : they hurt like heck to remove and sometimes ,  just to adjust them .
the buckets ok and tubing is ok but needs to be longer .
the exterior is identical to my unit so i assume it is made by the same manufacturer .
it is easily picked up and removed by a child and lost somewhere in the house .
but most of the time ,  it didn t even work at all .
i am a num_num g and that is what i ordered .
also ,  i m not sure why the handle needs to be so small .
when i put on this case ,  it makes the screen protector bubble up .
but because of this i don t recommend it .
for some reason i thought it charged both the phone and the spare battery .
on screen the battery resembles the one that is in my phone but i received a completely different battery .
spend a little more and get some better protectors .
my problem was after using the battery for a few days the phone would randomly shut off .
this however wasn t the disappointment for me as i didn t really need the lantern light .
even though it s expensive i promise you that it is not worth the money .
i usually love the oxo good grips line of kitchen tools ,  but this one let me down .
very small recessed display that s hard as hell to read .
this drink barely passes for a coffee drink .
i used it num_num times and it and only take my battery up num_num % and dies on me .
also the bendy stick like things are hard to implement into the vehicle .
i ended up buying another ,  more expensive case .
for the money ,  the consumer ought to get a lot more !  .
i ve had several much better choices that were also much cheaper .
that is simply not acceptable ,  especially at the price they cost .
i d get something else that has the handles attached more securely .
they were cheap so i gave it a shot .
i purchased this num_num port usb charger for use with my cell phone ,  ipad num_extend kindle ,  and ipod shuffle .
this screen protector isn t even worth num_num bucks .
i ve used the product for about three years now .  .  .  . it s not like this is a season that s different .
it s smaller than your average tray by about num_num inches .
be cautious when trying the item because you don t want to waste your money .
mcdougall instant soups ,  but this one is going to the trash can .
i even squirt some dawn dishwashing liquid in the dishwasher with them if the load has grease .
i love lattes and i could drink hot fresh espresso ,  but this was just unbearable .
i did finally drink it black and then it became a very weak version of coffee .
save your money and look elsewhere this shaver is a pos !  .
did what it was supposed to ,  but stopped working after num_num months .
i purchased this hoover num_num months ago after reading many reviews ,  including consumer reports .
this is on an athlon num_num with num_extend gigs of ram and a cable modem .
so ,  i returned the item to amazon unopened .
i don t know how to describe it really .
i was hoping that the good reviews would outweigh the bad ones .
they are calorie rich with num_num calories and num_num gm carbohydrate in each num_num gm snack ,  and no fiber .
i think this would be better for a smaller size as i ordered a dd .
my original canon battery num_extend yrs hold more charge than this one .
this isn t the size of the phone screen !  it doesn t line up with the home button or screen .
while the design looks just like my older model the audio range is not the same .
i was able to use it for a few days ,  but not long .
save your money and buy a better product .
so i didn t hesitate and returned to amazon with no hassles this thing is a gimmick ,  don t be fooled .
i take a size num_num in shoes without a problem .
now it s not even worth selling on amazon because of the low price set .
i guess their products are just hit and miss .
it did not work as well as expected ,  but not sure why .
strangely ,  i think it would actually be a better drink if it was diluted by half with water .
breaks or runs out of battery juice fairly quickly .
dear slik company , i purchased two slik num_num ball head attachments six months ago from amazon . com .
they are shipping from china ,  which took a very long time .
but ,  without sound ,  it is pretty much pointless .
i have owned this player for num_num months .
and the actual net weight of the arms is more than num_num lbs .
maybe for a set of num_num of them but not individually because it s simply not worth the price .
i do not eat much sugar ,  but still .
this is too bad because the sound quality is very good for the price .
i wish now that i had just paid the premium for a better designed product .
it would not connect properly and since it s plastic you can t force it too much .
one they do not get nearly as loud as the pair that came with my desktop .
i cant really review the product since it is not a suitable solution for my use .
battery life is still disappointing with a moderate quantity of apps running .
this was the second invicta watch i bought and returned .
these chicken strips  and most others like them  are priced so low they are hard to resist .
i also tried an expensive amplified one doesn t work at all ,  even worse than this one .
the ears actually felt as if they were stabbing me the plastic is so hard .
i purchased the small thinking i should ease into it ,  but this is just too small .
i was expecting them to be smaller granuals then what they came as .
i own this product and based on my personal experience ,  they are not that great .
there is definetely better phones of about the same or better price .
nice ,  very heavy mug but cover does not fit .
the temp settings on the top are off so use another thermometer to set to desired temp .
i give this one star because you can t give it a no star .
this is exactly the same item i purchased at the $ store for $
unfortunately ,  this product just doesn t do the job at all .
looks like it was made by a machine .
the temperature of the coffee made by this coffee maker will be unacceptable to most .
it is not fuzzy although it is pink .  .  .  . sorta .
i wear a size num_extend and i can not believe how tight and uncomfortable these shoes are .
i don t mind paying more for quality ,  but it s like none exists anymore .
i m going back to the smaller jambox that was easier to carry .
i apologize for the poor rating on this battery .
i purchased this product when i saw all the num_num star ratings .  .  .  . sorry i don t agree .
there s just a couple of thin little edges of plastic that go around the holder .
the case itself is hard plastic ,  but it provided little protection .
it is difficult to slide and my fingers drag on it .
i tested it out on my other phone ,  an iphone num_extend and it did the same exact thing .
bought these jars expecting them to be direct replacements for some spice bottles .
very little air when it is on the low setting .
would charge my iphone twice on one charge .
heating time is num_num minutes ,  cooking time for six num_extend cupcakes is num_num minutes ,  cooling time another num_num minutes .
but perhaps i was expecting too much ?  the color was way off even though the product was nice .
i received my pair of jvc num_extend today from amazon and will be promptly returning them .
no problem ,  just go to the website and order a replacement battery .
that is why i gave it num_num stars .
i took the pos apart to discover that the right earphone was not soldered to the proper location .
i returned this product effortlessly to amazon and they refunded my money quickly .
otherwise ,  i would have given this item num_num stars .
all the reviews lookes so promising but it was just not for my cat .
however ,  the first one i ordered had a chippedhandle and so did the one they sent in replacement .
i wear a num_num medium ,  these are huge and stiff .
it s such a hard shell that any blunt force will be transmitted directly to the iphone .
comfortable except that size is at least a half size too small .
i didn t even spend two dollars on it .
i purchased this coffee maker about two weeks ago when my oster finally died .
it is either too tight or it falls down my arm .
as a result it picks up odor  and taste  of previous contents .
i am only num_num foot num_num so for a taller woman it may be very short .
i kept thinking  but this is a swiffer ,  i ve seen it on tv .
i expected it to be much easier to clean .
the instrument input works ok with my taylor guitar ,  but it s not num_num watts loud .
and for quality ,  i m going to stick with the iphone s built in camera . overall .  .  . not worth it .
i ve purhcased at least num_num of these and i ve had num_num break .
i wear a num_num b and that is what i ordered but it was way to big .
after reading more reviews ,  don t accept the refurbirshed version either ,  for many people on cnet they have not worked !  .
i am one of those people who cannot wear earbuds .
had issues with item ,  case is very cheaply made .
they were clearly scratched or rubbed by something even though the plastic was still intact .
my older daughter asked if she could use some of her christmas money to pay for a subscription .
however when i bake with it i don t have this problem .
i purchased this item about num_num months ago .
i guess i should have take a closer look at the size .
i have not found a replacement but beware there are issues with this headset .
the price charged for this item is way overpriced .
not all the metal parts are stainless so they get pitted and retain food particles .
i was not happy with the overall fit and finish of this knife .
i think i had my phone plugged in for like num_extend he s and it charged about %
i am not pleased with the new soft rubber control buttons .
this type of coffee is what generally served in most restaurants and most are accustomed to it . not for me !  .
it s cheap ,  but it really isn t worth it .
if you have one already ,  get a timer based mechanism as described above .
i had purchased the yellow before and they or at least that batch seemed much better .
infact after couple of usage this battery died .
it s just easier to dip a paper towel in margarine and wipe it on .
the popped kernels were very small ,  hardly nothing to eat .
first .  .  .  . they are very overpriced for what they are .
but there is no sound coming from the headset .
too bad because i love the way they look .
i have a japanese style slicer i have used for years and also num_extend yes ,  num_num different sizes cuisinarts .
poorly made ,  i would not buy them again .
i would not recommend this device for anyone .
i ordered the same size i normally wear but the cup just doesn t fit right .
i was really looking forward to receiving this product but was disappointed with its result .
i used that money to buy a dell axim num_extend num_num mhz pocket pc .
i bought a similar type of dispenser back in num_extend when i was outfitting my new apartment .
this charger is not charging my num_extend properly ,  left it charging overnight and it didn t charge much .
whereas my generic rechargeable batteries used to last a long time ,  these do not .
i would not recommend this product if your looking for a fairly good product .
my first thoughs were uh oh ,  this probably isn t going to work well .
i have replaced the battery but still have the same problem .
i have a dell dimension num_extend ghz machine with a geforce num_extend video card .
unless you enjoy wasting money don t buy these .
adding to the problem :  the battery is not replaceable .
i saw it at the grocery store for much less of the price here .
first off ,  it feels cheap to just hold it in your hands .
oh ,  and beside being larger then suppose they are heavy .
the battery seems to charge somewhat but it certainly doesn t seem to get finished .
just received this kit and it is only num_num pieces .
in this case ,  it s hard to judge the effectiveness of this carbo energy drink from one num_num ounce sample .
i would not recommend this product for automotive uses .
i m still using this and been using it for weeks with no result .
my daughter is almost num_num so it cant be that she is too young .
they sent me a brand new unit and then that one quit in nov .
i was satisfied for the first few uses but after several weeks the remote quit working .
this coffee is dark and intense but without any character .
this is the most ridiculous sized child s toy i have ever purchased .
the colors seem fast and do not rub off on any of hte other pieces .
i wanted to like these ,  given the cost but they just don t do it for me .
however this bag is very large ,  to accomadate the num_num sections inside the bag .
i have num_num iphones ,  num_num ipads ,  and num_num ipods and it won t charge any of them .
replaced an older model kitchenaid that i couldn t find anymore .
if they were between $ and $ dollars ,  i would rate them higher .
i ve done this before with other presta tubes no problem .
handle swivels back and forth because it s so heavy and out of proportion to the base .
i d assign these functions to one of the num_num colored buttons at the bottom .
so ,  i ordered this one to replace it .
they also didn t feel that comfortable on the ear .
these make the screen blurry and they don t have a smooth touch .
it stayed there for awhile ,  so i decided to adjust it .
i am very glad i didn t spend more or buy any of the other products like i intended too .
i returned this item because on ear headphones are not for me .
even though it had some disappointing reviews ,  it seemed to have the fewest bad reviews at this price point .
this is a large part of the reason why i need to use num_num or num_num sections .
but for food i expect a safety seal .
num_num reviews for this at num_extend stars and % viners .
this is very small diameter rod and it is fragile .
it doesn t spray as well or hold the pressure very long .
this was so bad that it makes me wonder if the rave reviews are genuine .
finally ,  i used a system restore to get my computer back .
it s an ok phone for the kids to pretend with .
some didn t even know i was on a headset .
she s really not a kitty anymore ,  and she s usually not picky with her dry food .
so for this reason ,  i give it num_num instead of num_num star .
if i buy a dvd ,  i think ,  i can play it on any player in my house .
but if you plan to use it in liquid ,  like hot tea or coffee .
but if you are on a high protein diet ,  avoiding carbohydrates ,  then beware .
but the taste does not rise above bland .
i ve used this before on other radios and computers without a problem .
it s no better than any other volumizing product i ve ever tried .
what an unpleasant surprise when i cooked some last night .
this is an extraordinarily cheap piece of plastic crap .  .  . terribly made .
the blades were getting dull after about num_num years of use .
as far as the product goes ,  i would recommend buying the assortment  num_num sizes  without any coatings on them .
i have num_num other chargers that i don t have to wiggle to get to work .
it sucks the juice out of the batteries in no time .
the cable i got was not like the one that is pictured on the amazon . com web page .
and very ,  very heavy for a handheld num_extend
since he obviously needed a helping hand ,  i gave him one .
they are better than nhl num_extend but not by much .
the powder doesn t stay on the brushes and they are cheap looking .
it is now just sitting on my shelf .
i m not pissed because i didn t pay much at all for it .
this has never happened to me before and i couldn t believe it .
after rinsing ,  i lathered up again and still greasy .
indeed i could have bought it in my local and very expensive supermarket in nyc for $ or less .
by the way ,  this product also does not last any longer than cheap brands used with a base coat .
i opened the box ,  and that was when the fun began . first ,  i didn t get num_extend i got num_extend
i thought i was missing out before ,  but boy was i wrong .
the replacement does not behave the same way as the original .
should have read those one star reviews and paid attention .
for the price i should of been able to see a difference .
the back of the phone has the same pattern on it ,  but i can replace the back cover .
but they are made of hard plastic rather than rubber like the others .
again ,  it doesn t look bad ,  but it just is not at all what i wanted .
i tried it on my ipod touch num_extend gen num_extend and it worked for about num_num minutes then stopped .
after you are done wipe down with a basic polishing cloth .
i m not rough with my bluetooths; shocked when this happened .
sure am glad the price was lowered from $ down to $ or else would have been very disappointed .
the main problem that i ve experienced is that the touch screen is not terribly accurate all the time .
if you still want it ,  check at garage sales and don t spend over a buck for the whole kit .
the screen protector scratches in your pocket and cleans terribly .
very poor fit on my ear unable to adjust for my ear .
all the phone was doing was sitting on my counter next to my num_extend and my wife s num_extend
a cheap import from china is not worth almost $
so ,  i was pretty excited about this product .
i see the pic and it showing that there were num_num of them .
was in need of a car charger because my phone dies really fast .
these may be good for some people ,  but they don t work for me .
hiking the price up num_num dollars in less than num_num months ?  not cool amazon .
bought this to use with my laptop for voip and some other parties were complaining about the sound quality .
crappy quality ,  always snaps off and the stays are the cheapest material i have ever seen for this product .
it s an average holder that holds my iphone num_num in its case with no problems .
i have tried it for the full month after receiving this before writing this review .
on my first bite what i tasted seemed salty to me .
i desperately wanted to believe that this stuff might work .
i wear size num_extend and i bought size num_num and they are still too small .
unfortunately they were smaller bottles but i bought anyway .
i had difficulty with the charger getting sliding contacts to match the battery terminals .
i ve used logitech  thumballs  for cad work for over num_num years .
i spent a little extra money on this screen protector .
tinny audio ,  constant loud hissing . occasional loud  pops  . earcups are spring loaded on the headband .
i bought this based on positive reviews ,  but it didn t work out for me .
can t believe i paid so much for this .
i only bought this because it was $ or more cheaper than the others .
don t waste your money ,  these don t fit well and constantly pop off the phone .
our usage was just one pot of coffee a day ,  not exactly heavy usage .
i use it all the time ,  again buy the powder not a cream .
i would rather have one of those old brick phones than this piece of junk .
although this particular product didn t work for me ,  a bunch of his other products have .
better still buy an unbranded one locally for $ instead .
mind you ,  you can t replace the battery ,  but the num_extend will last you about two years vs three months .
fortunately ,  the rubber is so thin that i could make new holes using a hole puncher .
i wish i had integrated bluetooth in my car .
this stuff is edible ,  but it s too sweet and doesn t have a strong hazelnut flavor .
maybe the ones sold on amazon are of a different stock and are not defective .
what happens is you have to pry the gun into the holster and the holster starts to split apart .
get something cheap at walmart .  . will probably do the same thing this does .
so ,  she did this on her own romping and wrestling around .
i have been using this for about two weeks now ,  and only at night .
i even bought the larger size but they still are too tight in the legs .
my jabra extreme was finally losing battery life ,  so i began the search for a replacement .
but it is not as good as when it had that part .
it under cooks and you need to learn how to use it .
the packaging is quite bad ,  is all beat up .
so ,  my outlets don t have any ground faults or problems .
i bought these for my glock num_num gen num_extend
it was cheaply made and i m glad it came in num_extend
went to buy another and the price had gone back up .
i ve had the aluminum one before ,  and had no problem with it .
how can you discontinue the filter for a product like this ?  i have num_num of these air cleaners .
usb cords just can t survive wires designed like this .
i ve cleaned the diaphragm in the valve and soap tested it and it s not leaking .
i wish i d read the reviews on amazon and pricegrabber before purchasing the u . s .
i have been using this product for about num_num months taking num_num capsules a day .
all i can say is that i am a thin guy .
at least my towel holder has not jammed ,  but it now takes two hands to dispense the towels .
there is a little pull tab to help get the phone out of the case .
zero s new sword is just way too powerful ,  it shreds anything in seconds ,  like his crescent weapon in num_extend
it bends easily ,  becomes too flexible ,  and just doesn t seem to go between ,  as it should .
but ,  as it is ,  it s just more trouble than it s worth .
my comparision ,  detailer s choice :  no noise ,  straight blade ,  no water trails ,  a very fast blade .
it price was so cheap ,  i didn t give tossing it a second thought .
unfortunately several problems prevent me from recommending this product . first ,  the phone must use the case supplied .
please take into consideration this phone is num_num years old .
i assumed that if i paid $ for a camera it would work .
it will last a long time on your lips as long as nothing touches them .
it s the most poorly designed bowl mechanism i ve ever seen . my old processor had a hole and a pusher .
i had one before that was much better and easier and never broke the egg .
i am returning this item only after using it twice .
also ,  the packaging is so difficult to open that i had to cut the plastic .
i won t bother to return this ,  but i don t think i will buy their products again .
i want to lose weight but really lose weight ,  not just on a wacky scale .
i used this in a dark purple colour .
the color was great ,  but since they run large ,  i am sending them back .
the only purchase i have ever sent back to amazon .
this is cheaply made and i would not recommend .
i wasn t very pleased with how this timer worked .
all i did was trim grass ,  i thought to myself .
this is what i call the average coffee drinkers coffee .
it wasn t too expensive ,  but for the price i expected this item to at least help a little .
here are my problems with the num_extend and why i decided to get the num_extend
i eventually had to rip the screen protector piece out ,  put my own on ,  and use it like that .
the first one arrived and was all scratched up ,  so i returned it and got a second one .
not very happy with this so i am not sure i will buy any more of this particular brand .
so she should get a num_extend or an xbox num_extend
after putting my phone together ,  these tools came in .
i ve had this product for num_num years ,  there has never been any fw updates .
edit :  i had to take this down to one star .
the beater was already loose when i recieved the mixer .
i have this ,  and it s okay ,  i guess .
it really isn t worth the price it is offered for here .
fortunately ,  i was just going to the stove top .
although the new black one has lasted almost num_num years now .
i ordered this thinking it would keep the cord out of my way while ironing .
i purchased one on ebay ,  only to have it break within a few months .
i guess the small covered pan might be useful for other purposes .
if anyone has ever replaced an iphone num_num screen you know it is not easy .
it was suppose to work with the over sized battery .
i hated it but maybe you ll like it .
the locking mechanism is awkward and hard to use .
other than that ,  i did not get what i ordered .
i don t have much to say about the product .
i have to amend my original review  see below  after owning the item now for several months .
perhaps the longer battery life was a mistake as it seemed to go to sleep every few seconds .
to me that s not a good sign with this product .
i replaced my old motorola modem with this one ,  hoping for an increase in speed .
in my experience ,  wine be gone has been conspicuously more effective than wine away .
i ve only had it two days ,  so don t know how long it will last .
it was something i will never purchase again ,  i sure wish i could return this product .
when i got them they were huge like clown glasses i threw them away .
i guess you get what you pay for ?  ordered a more expensive one .
it smells and tastes like some kind of dried fruit .
i though i could not go wrong by buying the kitchen aid can opener attachment but i was wrong .
i purchased this whisk and the flat version num_num years ago .
i had to wear ear plugs to use it .
this is the num_extend new atrix num_extend model num_extend cell phone i have bought that proved to be defective .
not to mention it felt like i was taking off my skin .
there were no problems even though i bought it used .
love the color but the sound quality is poor .
i wear this daily for work ,  using a computer mouse for num_num hours a day .
i m just trying to eat a bit healthier and eliminating wheat from my diet as much as possible .
what s wrong with mine !  i ordered the product based on many positive reviews .
it is ,  however ,  mindless and generally easy to play .
works ok but no better than dawn dish soap or many other spray cleaners that are less expensive .
it smells all right ,  but is barely noticeable .
or just spend the couple extra bucks and buy better quality from amk or others .
i tried it several times with the same result .
that s the only reason why i gave it num_num stars .
i ve bought two of these ,  and both have gone bad .
i returned it ,  along with the refills i purchased .
num_extend don t buy the overpriced gold tip hdmi monster cables for your hd components .
ok so maybe it only takes num_num minutes .
this is being relegated to my be spice grinder ,  which i don t use every day .
the taste was strange and kind of weird .
the helmet is a large ,  however ,  the unit is running small sizes .
i will try another method for getting a better loaf .
given that the surface is different on the iphone is no fault of zagg ,  though .
there were scratches on the front ,  and a small dent .
from reading the reviews here i was hoping that it maintained its sparkly effect .
i ve owned this machine for num_num years and it has now sat in the box for the last two .
this battery is not worth chancing even $ with prime shipping .
plus ,  it s way too expensive when there s other ,  better products out there .
i have been using them as directed for almost an entire month now .
looking at the pics i thought it was .
even at its low cost it is not worth the money .
i did not like the taste or the consistency .
i don t recommend this one there are better ones .
moreover ,  i had kept the unit for over a year before deciding to give it a try .
the big one is too big and it s for making soup for num_num people .
however ,  once the coffee was made ,  the taste was a disappointment to myself .
i ordered the large but it was half the size of the ones i m used to getting .
it may be cheap and uses micro usb but it wont work with the phone .
its cheap plastic ,  almost transparent ,  and the design is barely painted .
i have had no problems with leaks as others have had .
the only draw back is that the cord doesn t retract .
it does not require any elbow grease and i paid $ for mine .
it worked okay ,  but the motor was weak and jammed easily .
there are better options ,  and certainly better prices ,  for front and rear protectors .
the num_extend worked well ,  but this num_extend with the longer  boom  mic extension was not as loud .
i bought this case years ago for my iphone num_num and it started falling apart a week into use .
it is very thick and does not blend it easily .
i thought i was purchasing a top quality product ,  but was very disappointed .
my only other complaint would be the cord which is constantly getting wrapped around itself .
the iphone has been on the market for quite some time ,  so there are bigger better games available .
while wilton doesn t make a bad pan ,  there are better options out there ,  at least for me .
the rice cooker was on my doorstep two days after i ordered it .
but don t order it if you prefer bold coffee .
i would just get a another antenna for a little more money .
for as much as people rave about this and the sound it produces ,  i was really disappointed .
with all of the bad reviews i avoided buying this .
not good for baking ,  just for making toast .
i was really excited to have a small mill .
i thought the unit might be defective so replaced it for a new one .
i have stopped using the headset system and gone back to just using my normal phone headset .
car charger don t work ,  usb cord don t work as well .
when i contactedmercury ,  they sent me out a new one that fit .
they wanted the serial number and then requested that i send them back for a replacement .
sucksso if you re already a android user than i guess this phone will be ok for you .
i tried it for a few days before giving up and returning it .
it worked for barely num_num months ,  if that .
i have owned this mandoline for num_num years .
we no longer use a landline much since our cell phones have so many minutes .
the light wasn t as bright as i would have liked and the different settings did not work properly .
i will not purchase one of these again .
either way ,  i am disappointed that the batteries went dead .
this product does not stay on for too long .
they are ok but not worth all of the money that i spent .
the taste in my opinion is not terrible .
it is easy to use and works ok ,  but is really low tech compared to the newer pdas .
dissapointing from this brand where usually i can expect better .
i cannot respond to how the product was .
i tried num_num different sets of batteries and made sure they were in correctly .
i still hope others continue to have success with this ,  it just did not work for me .
i had to get soap and water ,  and scrub it off .
i did not have a problem with that aspect of the set .
the fluval foam pads that i m using have lasted num_num months  .
i used this item on the console in my car to hold my iphone .
i like the concept ,  but it simply is not well made .
she had borrowed one of my wife s larger power packs that could charge her phone num_num times .
these rca wireless connectors are okay for basic phone conversation over short distances .
it went on the blink ,  so i tried to buy another .
it does not seal tightly on the edged or back .
not something i am comfortable with ! i won t buy this one again .
however there is a pretty glaring flaw with these cases .
i have to keep removing and replacing the batteries for it to work .
standard  and have two cups that have holes that drain out the bottom in different patterns of drain holes .
i would spend more for sharper ,  better quality shears .
i did purchase num_num orders to give it a fair try .
this item is not only huge  and i have a pit bull  ,  but it seems harder than a rock .
don t purchase these if you plan to use in your car .
i am normally a size num_num and to get this skirt to fit i had to buy a num_extend
just ok ,  they are cheap and you get below average quality ,  just look at something else .
i read the instructions and tried it out .
this thing broke on me after num_num months .
this power adapter has only half the amp rating needed to power the powerbook num_extend num_extend
the first time i used this scoop was for a batch of chocolate chocolate chip cookies .
this is a ok unit compared to num_num which was superior in every way .
i bought this so long ago that i can t return it now ,  but i m really unhappy with this purchase .
too bad because i feel great after i drink it .
the overall sound quality is muddy ,  flat ,  and lifeless .
then i took one sip and couldn t believe my taste buds .
it looks sleek ,  takes up very little space ,  but has one tiny flaw .  .  .  .  . it doesn t open cans .
that was why i bought it .  .  . but sure did not work for me .
this renders the display all but unreadable except in bright sunlight .
if it was about num_num bucks ,  i might counsider buying it .
they put in their subsciption that it is a num_extend power supply charger .
was okay for about num_num months ,  then it stopped working .
i was hoping to attach it to a wall at some point and maybe it would work better .
while the flavor isn t unpleasant ,  the texture leaves a lot to be desired .
it was a nice long cable that i bought figuring it d be durable but it didn t last .
it works fine on some bottles of wine ,  but is useless on others .
i can t say enough good things about them , however this appliance fails big time .
it also leaves coffee grounds in the pour spout .
one thing i will say is my wallet and phone have not fallen from the pad .
the plastic casing of the flat panel is just cheap .
there is nothing wrong with the way this product tastes ,  but it is difficult to cook with .
the phone has never popped out of the case by accident .
too small ,  too small ,  and i even ordered the size larger .
does not for as well as i thought and i don t like it .
the stainless steel resembles tin ,  finish is unsatisfactory ,  easily bent ,  and they are lightweight .
i researched other options and there just doesn t seem to be much so i purchased another set .
will go back to what i purchased before .
works as specified but like all their products it is insanely overpriced .
i was hoping it was just a loose flex cable but it looks like i ll need another replacement .
i would not have purchased it after seeing all the not so great reviews here .
if asked to rate the apparent level of quality this manufacturer produces the pills ,  i would rate num_num stars .
this one is poor when compared to others .
the only bonus is that i got another pair of apple headphones for about eight bucks .
it is loud on anything other than the lowest setting .
i ve been using htc oem battery for a few years .
it is really over built ,  awkward ,  and nose heavy .
i can t describe what i don t like about it ,  but it s not that good .
the amount of air that it moves is marginal at best .
for wet lubes ,  ordinary oil isn t as messy and lasts longer than progold .
i will be looking for a different brand to replace this one .
i ended up with buying  moshi screen protector  for my iphone num_extend
i put this product in my phone and have not seen any difference in my signal strength at all .
i used it for a year before giving up .
this review is not about the product itself but the condition of the product when it was received .
my cats won t eat these on a regular basis .
at first only one setting wouldn t work sometimes the carpet or floor .
so i expected the picture quality to be similar .
the seller was great tthe only reason i gave this any stars really .  . the toy not so much .
material is awfully cheap ,  the knots in the back that hold your straps are plastic .
i suppose i should have after reading all the reviews .
i ,  for one ,  had to return the item .
even then the sauce was gloppy and didn t taste particularly cheesy .
it just makes the phone a lot less attractive .
this case ,  however ,  is not worth the money .
these were not expensive ,  so i guess you get what you pay for .
it works ,  but it does not last as long as i was hoping .
this is a very cheaply made item for the price .
if you like coffee this is not for you .
drop few more bucks and get something else !  .
this is the secoind phone i have tried .
this is why i waited so long to write a review .
they were a featured price ,  but that was even too high given the low quality .
again ,  not needed as the glock num_num has plenty of grip even for large hands .
i have tried it on a galaxy num_extend motorola droid razr maxx hd ,  and an iphone num_extend
the one i ordered was very cheap ,  the g on the samsung logo on the back fell off .
i guess i am in the market again for another set .
it is too small for the samsung s ii .
i have changed my iphone num_num screen num_num times before and i am an amateur .
if i can ever get it clean enough to use ,  i ll write another review .
however ,  the handle squeeze is much too hard to do .
there is no smell ,  which is great ,  but i cant tell what it s doing .
so figuring the battery had run down ,  i plugged it in to recharge .
instead ,  it seems like it is slowly draining the battery rather than helping it .
just like another amazon user said in his review .
this charger does not charge rapidly ,  it s just a normal charger .
i ve been searching for a decent humidifier that actually works without smelling ,  breaking ,  loud noise etc .
we received this for my daughter s birthday this year ,  and i have to say i was not impressed .
by the way ,  it s not really shredded meat .
it didn t take very long to learn all the controls at all .
when i taste it alone i don t get a balsamic vinegar taste in my mouth .
so glad i only bought two cans of this at my local grocery and not an entire case .
i used it to tamp a num_extend portafilter ,  and it is too small .
the phone has a lot of features ,  but they are all pretty much junk .
the original phone was less than num_num months old .
i am still using it but thinking about going back to the old case i had .
and my blackberry is not num_num feet away from my face when i am using it .
box  because it is much cheaper to try .
when i got it it would not install properly .
i ve been baking for num_num years and have never had a cake stick to the pan .
i guess i should have known the low ,  low price meant the quality wasn t the best .
if you don t mind the smell ,  the swanson garlic oil may be ok .
i went to a local toy store that had it for half what i paid here on amazon .
same thing happens with the one we have in the office .
i don t really want to have to wrap the thing in plastic wrap just to use it .
i didn t have good results with this product .
it is tough to turn and move with the controller ,  maddening .
i just read now that i don t have to pay this fee .
this did not affect the ability to hold my phone securely so i continued to use it .
having seen comparison photos in other reviews of this product i decided to test .
if i could give it fewer than num_num star ,  i would .
guess i ll just have to use it for serving ,  not cutting .
it worked for the first week then it only charge my phone to %
they in fact show tiny lines running up and down the screen when you view it through the protector .
red light flashes for a few seconds to minutes then goes out .
a bowl is probably a better way to soak your polish off .
i would probably order again since they are not too expensive and worked the night i needed them to .
i want a device that will turn on when i want it on ,  not on its own .
but compared to a neck wallet ,  you can t carry much in this thing as far as i can see .
someone mentioned here about saving the measuring spoons .
this drink left me thirsty ,  which isn t good when said drink is supposed to quench your thirst .
read the reviews and was excited but slowly performance diminished .
press num_num and it will bake at num_num degrees and so on .
if you wear glasses most of the time like i do ,  this headset will not be comfortable for you .
however ,  there hasn t been any noticeable difference on my skin .
it does not smell though so that s truthful .
i bought two trendnet wireless pci card for my windows num_num num_extend pcs .
i wouldn t really recommend this product .  .  . after having it for about num_num months i need something more efficient .
plus ,  the cord is too short for desktop use .
you have to get this info from the phone .
i really wanted to like them ,  but i will never purchase them again .
i wish i could have returned it soon as i ve tried it .
i put the headset in my piece and bent the second piece .
i have a num_extend with a case ,  the cable won t get on without removing the num_extend
i was stuck in shoes that were ridiculously too small for my feet .
for the price that i had paid ,  one would think this product would have worked better .
i would not waste your money on this product .
i was pretty excited about getting to try this product ,  but it turned out to be nothing special .
however ,  that did not stop me from being getting another keyboard recently .  .  . a ms num_extend wired keyboard .
you know why ?  it s so you can spend the money you saved on batteries .
i wanted a pair of wireless headphones i could use on the treadmill .
a magnet on the back is convenient . but dead so soon .
waste of money !  only positive thing is that it smells good .
why ?  the sound quality is not nearly as good as the reviews led me to believe it would be .
there are better ones out there that clean your scalp better for the same price .
i wish i can give this a num_num star .
not !  i received teeny tiny package in it a teeny tiny reddish thing on cardboard .
i would strongly suggest shopping around for a better quality box .
i cant  imagine enduring the intense regret from the purchase every time i make coffee .
i have a gmc savana that requires two num_extend blades .
sweeps ok ,  but i use the swiffer for finer stuff .
the product i would say is ok for the price but it is not worth the hassle .
this particular model iwb would be num_num or num_num stars if the belt clip provided more security .
but i didn t have any problems with installation .
i m sure they probably work better on fiberglass .
now amazon wants me to review it ,  so here your are .
now i am looking for a lighter weight vacuum for everyday .
despite the low price ,  i won t be purchasing this again .
so at least i didn t spend a lot .
despite the bad reviews ,  i also tried this pan .
i was not expecting a miracle ,  but at least some mild results ,  but i was truly disappointed .
especially when you can get num_num in walmart for a little over num_num bucks .
i have had the water on at the house for a few days and see no problem with leaking .
others here seem to have had no issues with it .
the plastic material is very cheaply made and the ball gets stuck on certain parts .
when i bought my wireless logitech trackball that looks just like this ,  a few years ago ,  i paid $
the only reason i gave these num_num stars is because you get five of them .
i purchased this mascara based only on the high amount of good reviews .
i thought they were flexible plastic ,  but it s hard plastic and very thin .
i ordered it from amazon and ,  like another reviewer ,  discarded the packaging ,  fool that i was .
also they are really hard plastic ,  and for some reason i imagined they d be softer .
i ve been giving these to my dog for num_num months straight .
these earphones do weird things at num_extend and above .
i m always searching for the perfect pillow ,  mostly due to neck problems ,  but this one isn t it .
the only positive thing about this pump is that it s quiet .
i was so hoping i could have a cover in every color .
not really ,  but then ,  not too bad either .
you may pay more for other brands but you will probably get what you pay for .
and yes ,  i do use nimh batteries as the manufacturer reccomends .
and they are difficult to work around with your phone .
i was really looking forward to using it .
although these protectors appear to be durable they really aren t .
but the taste ,  on its own ,  just isn t too pleasant .
i had a second cup ,  in another mug just to be sure ,  and it wasn t as bad .
don t waste your money !  broken within several days of use ,  very poor quality !  .
some people may like it but it is not my style .
i have been using this product for months and i see no difference .
ok ,  so it s not  added  sugar ,  but still ,  that s a lot of sugar .
i wouldn t recommend these and certainly wouldn t buy them again .
sometimes the switch will go from the  off  position to  camera  which leads to my battery being drained .
i was kind of excited to get this scale .
save your money or buy a different product .
all too easy to insert ,  it encites the user to try and push the entire thing in one go .
have used it for many months now no problem .
they do not smell nor taste fishy and these should not either .
it is just made too thin for the flexibility required to insert the phone into the mount .
interestingly the replacement had a metal belt clip .
i guess i just have to wait and see .
i was given this headset to use during my workouts .
i had high hopes after reading the reviews of this product .
i believe a lighter color would not be as noticeable regarding the problems i had .
as soon as you pull off the second part the screen protector pulls off with it !  !  !  waste of money !  .
when i think i of graham crackers ,  i think of it as a dessert cracker .
that adds about num_num minutes per week to your routine .
dried fruits without sugar would be fine num_extend
i doubt it . my maintenance was clorox wipes to get the dirt off .
the remote was very useful ,  but it s not universal to change the tv channel to the player .
and last but not least it just did not taste that good .
however ,  it is advertised as a health food and this is where i run into issues .
i d think about purchasing it if they had leopard or zebra print ,  or tan color ,  something more flattering .
i found them too bulky for my kitchen drawer because of the slanted shape and the extra cup .
i am a num_extend and ordered my size in ivory .
i powered them up ,  usually hearing a thump of the sub ,  no thump !  that s odd i thought .
i tried to contact the seller as soon as i found this out .
it s been about a month since i started using this gel .
the charger that i got doesn t look anything like in the picture ,  but i bought this quite awhile ago .
so without charging it from a computer ,  it is not able to even recharge an iphone .
the light is bright ,  but it fails for what i needed it for .
i had this product for over num_num weeks .
this is a two part  bumper  made out of hard plastic .
it is a little grainy ,  the flavor is a bit off .
it also took much longer to straighten it out with the drier and round brush .
just an ok product !  not sure it was worth the amount spent .
i am sure it would work ok for a smaller person .
the backbeats charge with a standard micro usb tip num_extend
you would put anything in there ,  and suddenly ,  it d be ground to a fine powder in no time flat .
it looks like it will stay up for about a week before i have to reboot .
the idea of chocolate peanut butter is not a new one .
the car makes a lot of noise in any case ,  so i m not holding out for audio lab quality .
also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove .
it s num_extend long ,  num_extend wide ,  and num_extend tall .
i used this case for a day ,  but for some reason my phone got hot .
if something seems this cheap to be too good to be true ,  trust me it is .
if you really want to protect your phone fo with seido or otterbox .
it does not taste like regular sugar to me .
with the handle being that it curves inward it is very awkward to get use to .
they pulled apart after the second wearing ,  and no ,  i did not buy them too small .
once again you don t get what you don t pay for .
i guess i shouldn t have expected much from a $ item .
even after eight hours charging ,  the battery s onboard indicator still shows that the battery is not fully charged .
that way i wouldn t have to unplug the the kettle before carrying it around to refill etc .
i replaced them with some spare ones that i have .
first off ,  if you are considering on buying this ,  i would reccomend buying it here on amazon .
on the other hand they are cheap ,  so no big deal if you don t like them .
if it would just stay hot in the carafe .
i have read the other reviews that suggest rinsing ,  etc .
i tried to ignore the smell ,  but within five minutes or so i just had to wash it off .
the price is num_extend  usd num_extend or num_extend
but i don t like saying i hate it .
every time i m suckered into buying another one of their products ,  i m let down big time .
not vibrant colors as shown above at all .
the top was fine for the smaller ones ,  but it didn t work overall .
it s a decent unit ,  but stopped working completely after about num_num months .
it served me well until now but will never buy it again because it is obviously poorly made .
i ve had other brands of sumatra ,  which is normally a stronger coffee ,  but this was just awful .
my nails are now more of a mess than when i started .
it must be me though because everyone else says it works but ill be finding another brand .
do they boost your cell signal ?  maybe .  .  . a little .  .  .  . sort of .
for just a few dollars more i could have purchased a fully intact one at my local pet store .
sure enough when i felt it with my finger there was almost no abrasive material left on the sharpener .
it is not as great lloking as it looks on the reference picture .
the battery life is about half as long as the oem battery from samsung .
you should not see rust on this stainless in kitchen applications .
for $ i guess i cannot complain too much ,  but it broke after num_num months .
i bought num_num of these to help control the extension cords in my wood shop .
after reading the reviews i was anxious to get this product .
with that tiny power wire  and ground wire  you prolly could get num_num watts .
cheap product ,  it came apart after a month s worth of use .
as i wear glasses ,  the over the ear type was not very comfortable .
for the price of this hair dryer ,  i was expecting something a little more substantial .
just dont expect to be able to run lots of apps like you see on the iphone .
however ,  using this just seemed like that original battery .
we then unhooked everything and tried again with the same results .
the charging cable works ,  but the adapter does not .
because the rubber bends ,  the ear buds will not go into your ear after a while .
the item i received was not the same item as pictured on and ordered from the amazon page .
too bad ,  otherwise it s a very versatile lens .
perhaps that is why they re normally around $ and below ?  .
it is now in my closet collecting dust .
very cheap for the price and got a color that does not match my phone .
i am afraid to tighten it too much for fear of it breaking .
it s now a drip pan for my weber propane grill .
i ordered this case april num_extend num_num and it was shipped april num_extend
i was excited to receive this item  via vine program  .
my sister also bought two trunkis ,  and one of hers has the same problem .
the battery looks just like an original but does not perform like one .
i found these hose do not actually stay up very well ,  making them cumbersome and uncomfortable .
you might think online shopping is cheap and convenient .
it is too tiny for holding a phone .
i purchased this ipad mini case and it does not fit well on my ipad mini .
i bought two of these at bevmo and both only worked for a few minutes .
not sure if its a defect or if this product has problems .
but im not rating them just the product .
battery life sucks ,  but you can always get another battery .
it worked slowly from the start ,  and then after a couple of weeks it didn t work at all .
i need a better tool to open an close clasp .
i also hear that people take out rows of teeth on the brush .
on the high setting it sounds about like a hair dryer on high .
if the legs and seat are slimmed down ,  i would purchase again .
liked the packaging ,  but the smell is awful .
i use my remote for time lapse photography .
fortunately ,  i purchased a num_num year extended warranty policy ,  and it hasn t cost me for the attempted repairs .
this game is still laggy even at low graphic levels .
after a few uses it no longer will brown the bread when set on high ,  only lightly .
reasonable quality speaker  not loud enough for my convertible num_extend
the earbuds are too big and the clips don t fit properly .
they are very small and num_num of the num_num are now broken .
they even tried sending me a replacement one but it wasn t any better not worth it at all .
the valve is made so when you put air in it won t come out .
you get what you pay for i guess though .
i owned a rio nitrus and saw that it had num_num gb and a $ price tag .
okay ,  so i was excited to get this .
i ve tried different stations ,  i ve tried the tuning feature ,  nothing makes it go away entirely .
what happens is it installs dozens of short num_extend onto the ipod .
but when i receive the item the headset doesn t work .
unfortunately ,  i specifically need the water to be num_num degrees ,  and bought this heater for that reason .
the new one stops after num_num num_extend it plugs into the wall ,  so not another item that needs batteries .
the price seems to reflect the product here unfortunately .
they are some oem or similar to look alike product and they arenot made by oster .
honestly ,  i was expecting more flavor and less sand .
this may be good for some cars ,  but not mine .
it is cute ,  nice leather ,  but totally useless !  .
i m not at all pleased with this product .
great while it lasted ,  but doesn t last long at all .
this was probably the num_extend order i have made of this product .
it is not  non stick  for me ,  even my eggs stick to it .
having a motorola smart android phone i never dreamed it would not work with my droid .
it did not go on the way i thought it should .
wireless g is and older and slower technology ,  buy an n card or adapter .
i don t think it s the coffee ,  i think it s the flavoring .
i ve read other reviews and i don t understand why people claim this stuff is so great .
so i don t know if it is good or not .
the magnet in this pen is just way too strong for it to function usefully .
this cover is made of very cheap plastic .
i have never tried other wireless headphones ,  so i did not know what to expect .
needless to say ,  we are using other batteries .
i have only had this product for num_num days .
i bought these as a healthier option for my cat s treats ,  but she won t even touch them .
the combination of the earpiece and my glasses was very uncomfortable and very tight .
really a pain if you re in the middle of using it and the battery dies .
i really wanted this product to work but it didn t .
there is a slight taste of something but not its not truffle .
after less than num_num minutes of continued use ,  it overheats .
fyi ,  i run a gateway num_num bit laptop running windows num_extend
i put my seche vite over it and washed out my deep fryer .
unfortunately ,  these headphones cannot stay in tune no matter how close the headset is to the base .
i wouldn t carry out any important conversations via this device .
not only was it not close  considering it s got num_num blades  ,  but it cut my face to absolute shreds .
so ,  all in all ,  the num_num star reviewers were right .
it doesn t matter if it s a real page ,  the mobile version of facebook or just google search .
i purchased this drive num_num months ago as a spare and just recently installed it .
they are not silky smooth feeling as advertised .
the case was not snug around my phone .
there are much better radios for the same price ,  or significantly less .
be warned ,  these aren t much good for more than one time use .
but i got a refund so no worry .
they are made of pliable rubber ,  and they have to be sort of rolled on to change the dresses .
i think i m going back to that brand .
but it s so rough and scratchy that i actually cut my thigh while using it .
the koss num_extend sold here at amazon are the same headphones ,  just a different name  .
the purple is quite dark and the material is thin .
the micro usb port stopped working way too soon .
this is a great style ,  but the quality is pathetic .
sure ,  if you re drinking green tea  such as matcha  ,  you re also getting chlorophyll .
like i said ,  i ve worn this for a long time .
so if it doesn t reach you then have to unwrap the cord and then rewrap it more tightly .
don t buy this even if the price seems right .
the cable appears to be well made but is useless unless you re connecting to sony .
big time fail !  it shouldn t cost this much for weak coffee .
i bought these headphones based on a good review at tom s hardware ,  but i am sorely disappointed in them .
they make smaller sizes ,  but why limit yourself .
it didn t leak as much ,  but it did leak .
unfortunately ,  my hopes were dashed once i actually used the product .
i stopped using ,  may damage i phone pins .
again ,  i have no idea how or why it works for me ,  but it does .
unfortunately ,  no matter which size or type of sleeve i tried ,  the sound quality just wasn t very good .
no way !  !  to have num_num different layers of protection and then a cheap screen protector .
it s built like a tank ,  and at num_num lbs ,  it s heavy ,  but at this price point ,  that was expected .
my old one was woven ,  not slats and held up for a very long time .
screen protectors that i have used in the past were much better .
and then they agree to send you a refurbished unit for replacement .
the ac adapter for my sanyo phone is a mere num_num oz .
it is also made out of a cheap cotton ,  could be a nicer material .
this set is way smaller than what i expected .
i have tried other latex foam pillows and fiberfill cervical pillows which worked better for me .
thought this would work ,  but it s just messier than i prefer .
my daughter received this as a present when she was num_num months old ,  she now is num_num months old .
if it is genuine then it is not good quality .
it was less expensive but looked very similar so i thought i would give it a try .
i can hear people on it fine but have had nothing but complaints from friends .
they stay saggy . they are colorful and pretty ,  but not enough ball for my kids . maybe they should be bigger ?  .
nature and herbs shipped very promptly ,  shipment was wrapped in a padded mailer and then a cardboard mailer .
spend your money on a better delphi unit .
so ,  of course ,  you have to remove the back and put the battery in the charger to charge it .
it said i was num_num pounds heavier then my known weight .
don t like it ,  but then look at the cost .
it is heavier and not as compact as the esbit ,  but this stove was also made for sterno .
i do not recommenced buying this to anyone .
if you want a durable case that protects your phone get something else .
judging from the other reviews ,  it seems this is not an uncommon problem .
i haven t noticed any difference since i started using it .
it did not work that well for me .
i rate it num_num star because it is too tight .
however it s price range is really not worth it .
i put it on though because oils can smell different on the body then it does in the jar .
anyhow you could use it to keep dust away from the charger input on your iphone .
none . i immediately repacked this item and will be returning it for a refund .
personally this product doesn t work for my needs so i would not buy this product again .
i ordered my size and they were too small ,  i had to return them .
it took maybe num_num minutes to figure out how to put it together .
i hope that when i brew the coffee ,  i do not have additional issues .
for the price i expected a much better product .
onions need to be quartered or in num_extend i must as well chop manually .
i purchased this cable to replace my standard rgb hookup for my num_extend
while this bar may be organic ,  with great texture  not waxy  ,  the flavor seems to have been left out .
these were too small even though i used the size chart when ordering .
the camera lens isn t even flush with the glass and it make it look very cheap .
my husband has been using this twice a day ,  for several weeks .
usually glad products are more durable ,  in my experience so i was disappointed .
then it was the straps that hold on the shoulder strap .
when i get a reply ,  i ll try to update this review .
to be replacable memory card ,  replaceable battery is mostly a useless feature .
so in the mobile world ,  i m sure this would be helpful .
this can take up to num_num minutes and bore you the entire time .
had i gotten it for full price ,  i probably would have returned it .
the chromatic aberration  purple fringing on bright objects  with this lens is just awful .
this waffle iron does not cook waffles evenly .
the point of a car charger is to charge a smartphone .
i only took a small sip ,  but i almost immediately felt a little queasy .
basically not much difference in this version or the num_extend
it s too bad .  .  . i enjoyed the majority of the meals .
once i complained ,  it arrived a week later .
it worked for num_num months without any issue and it stoped working since then .
despite how the item is described it is not oem .
i purchased two of these for my num_num ford num_extend num_extend
in the laundry room ,  i used it to clean up some cat litter ,  but even that wasn t so easy .
each time i got this product i sent it back .
after num_num years ,  my atlas pasta machine gave up the ghost ,  so i replaced it with this one .
guess i ll just go for num_extend or something .
that is ,  it doesn t sweeten . bad buy ,  bad product .
this set is nothing like my original set .
it s not even that cute  which is something i do look at  .
the instructions of this package was clear ,  but it just didn t work as well as i d expected .
i m used to fresh snap peas that taste like snap peas .
just really is basic and doesn t have the addictiveness that plastic versions have .
it is super cheap so i guess not too much lost .
i did not like this type of holster at all .
ifa had a much better unit for alot less money .
i was using this kettle to heat water for tea every day .
the dried vegetables seem to be the preferred bits .
i applied them to two phones ,  an iphone and a pantech pursuit ii .
i hoped it was a fluke and bought another one .
i was not that impressed with this product .
i ordered this item so my granddaughter could easily change her smaller aquarium .
the  marker  doesn t easily become infused with the lipstain ,  making application difficult and time consuming .
i didn t think i d mind the fact that this is odorless ,  but i do .
i just could not see myself paying the high price for this product .
it is way smaller than the picture and the butt is round ,  not square .
when i used it for the num_extend time ,  it already bent .
actually kinda fit my htc evo v num_extend num_extend but barely i still use it .
only reason i give it num_num stars is because i like that it has spf .
if you can do without the carbonation ,  buy yourself some apple juice or grape juice .
i have never had so much difficulty getting a protector applied properly ,  bubble free .
they just do not work as they claim to .
if amazon does correct this i ll return and edit my review .
i tried to like this product but it didn t work for me .
the only thing good about this product was the customer service .
this knife arrived very dull and unfortunately ,  the handle is a little small for this knife .
but you wouldn t know that yet ,  because you have to put them on to see for yourself .
and in the first num_extend i tried ,  i lost all num_extend
i should have purchased a larger size though because there is no flexibility to the waist .
one serving is num_num drops ,  and a big mug for me is like num_num drops .
i was hoping that this would be more substantial .
it won t take long and you ll feel like you put vicks vapor rub down there .
understand that i let it dry out after the first use but it still had that really bad smell .
the usb charge cutout is a bit off .
i do not recommend this item if you plan on keeping the car .
silicone feels cheap ,  after i managed to get the hard plastic piece on .
i had a very large dish drainer and wanted a smaller one made out of stainless steel .
ours stopped working in just year since we bought it last year .
its hard to describe ,  but the field of vision is just lousy .
one of the very few disappointing purchases from amazon .
this lotion does moisturize and smells great but has almost no color .
least it charges my phone the only pro about the product .
with all the hype on this product ,  i was hoping it was going to work for me .
my blender also generates that smell but i run that for less than num_num minute .
it has been out for a year now and there have been no reports of the unit overheating .
the num_num and num_num aren t any better coming in around num_num for the num_num and num_num for the num_extend
even if it results in a num_num pack .
maybe on raelly long haired cats it would help with the grooming issue .
i guess i just like the ones that are crispy rather than chewy .
i ll use it until it dies and will just simply buy something else .
the charging device is pretty much useless i just now have an extra cord .
this palette isn t very pigmented and the lighter colors are very chalky .
after about a week it was peeling up on one corner and just kept coming off more and more .
the clips are not the worst ever ,  but they are a pain .
i have tried various other products ,  this like many others this is a flop .
i had to send it back with $ for repairs .
incharged it and it only added % more to my battery and after that it wouldn t charge my phone .
i was eager to try this after such high recommendations .
on top of it all the case seriously impedes the phone from sliding open .
i used this for almost a month and felt very werid the whole time i was taking it .
since the previous set of batteries lasted for years ,  i can only give these batteries num_num star . ali julia review .
used with a really thin soap like dr .
a subpar product but you get what you pay for .
cheaply made ,  the handle came off when i was trying to remove it from the plastic protector .
took out of the package inserted new batteries and it does not make a sound of the slightest kind .
to give you a reference ,  i m num_extend  ,  i weigh num_num and wear a size num_extend
i had hoped the other reviews were wrong ,  but the weren t .
ok ,  in all fairness ,  this is a review on the product ,  not the seller .
it didn t on me when i got out in the light .
the only positive aspect of this cover is the hot pink color .
i had to purchase a separate battery and become a toy copter electician .
i have been using the ovulite going on num_num months now .
i have had this phone almost num_num weeks num_extend days  .
too expensive for a product that is similar to cheaper products off the shelf .
it was kind of dry and not as buttery and sweet .
like everyone else i was very excited to try this product .
must have been sent out that way ,  although it was packaged in a cheap envelope with bubble wrap .
at some point ,  the skin was burning i think because it ate up all my outter skin .
i already owned num_num portable music playing units .
i m not sure if i ll have to get one or two sizes larger in the waist .
i wish it was a lighter weight material .
i don t recommend ,  spend more for higher quality .
as is ,  pain in the butt and i would not buy this product again .
but i just can t risk battery leakage any longer .
i m glad she s at least playing with it so it wasn t a complete waste .
i found this coffee to be very coarse tasting and bitter .
this appears to be invisible once i have applied it to my skin .
i read other reviews that say it works ,  i don t understand why it doesn t work for me .
however ,  i will put my phone is my coat pocket .
quite frustrating to have your system all set up nice and then have the wireless die .
i agree with a review that described initial satisfaction with this product ,  followed by dissatisfaction shortly thereafter .
they sent me a pair of cheap nb num_extend
i really wish this worked ,  but it really didn t for me .
it finally got a hole and so we decided to replace it .
it doesn t cover all sides of the phone !  i don t use them !  very cheap .
i used the food processor once ,  and it was ok .
this is a very cheap piece of equipment .
that s just too much money for a mouthful of salt .
while these earbuds sound great ,  the shoddy construction makes them a one star .
it is pink with orange which means it s coral ,  not red .
so now it just sits in my closet .
i popped it in the preheated num_extend oven with some leftover pizza for num_num minutes .
but anker personnel did give me a full refund when i contacted them about my problem .
i tried this with my stereo and various radios .
this clear case got full of scratches in just one weak ,  and had to replaced again .
it s a little heavy ,  but that doesn t really bother me .
i checked the manual looking for something that would explain why .
seems like a rip off even though i like the taste .
i ve never seen a screen protector that does this .
this mess kit is very inexpensive ,  but you get what you pay for .
this item was shipped from hong kong and it took almost num_num months to arrive .
was this a old battery amazon sent me ?  now i have to buy another battery .
i know the product is good when new but this one did not seem to be .
i been using this for about num_num months and it haven t done nothing for me  no difference  .
i thought since i had liked the other brand this would be much the same way .
i have been using it and have not noticed any differences in the way i feel .
if your dog likes to chew on screw drivers or something maybe they d dig it .
i am not fat ,  but i am busty .  .  .  . this is not meant for me .
the price was cheap so i purchased ,  never again .
i had to wash it off within a minute of applying it .
this review is for the product ,  not the shipper .
i have no problems with the audio itself .
might have been a dud as i have used this brand in the past with no problems .
i read one other review that mentioned the same thing .
the cord worked for a few days but soon it started losing connection with my phone .
i sent it back and went to sally and bought another brand .
haven t had a problem with my tivo since .
i ve been wanting a pair of on ear ,  or over ear headphones .
not as good as the original when it was new .
bought these for listening to my num_extend player without undue disturbance of others .
often ,  i had to push the handle so hard that the arms bent but did not break .
i was expecting a little bite to this product but it never materialized .
i had the teakettle was over a year now .
but i know other netgear products have been good but not this one .
i did like the color ,  but need my num_extend to be better protected .
i was looking for something to use in between washings to help freshen things up a bit .
pro :  it s cheap . cons :  it didn t work and wasn t fully assembled on arrival .
however feature wise it had less then the cheap knock off .
i could use my computer all throughout the house .
the packaging was surprisingly difficult to open and then reseal ,  too .
not worth the price or hassel of buying it !  i do not recommend that anyone buy this !  .
the stove itself is just like the picture but needed a little num_extend to get it to move easier .
also ,  add the fact that they are made of plastic and you have a big problem on your hand .
and they only had it for a few weeks .
so i promptly exchanged it for another unit .
only a few of the voices are really bad ,  but mostly it sounds uninspired .
cheaply made ,  but i didn t expect anything different in that respect due to the price .
the long blade is too long and the small one too small .
i have many buck knives was not impressed for the price they should have better qc .
i have a few other ones of another brand that are still hanging around in the toy bin .
i got this one to replace it and from the moment i plugged it in it didn t work properly .
the handle is a lot smaller in diameter and shorter by num_num inch .
so i bought it but after a couple of days use ,  won t be using it again .
i can t understand all the great reviews because these barely made a difference for me ,  if at all .
it s way too big for a woman s head .
a hub like this is supposed to be plug and play ,  especially on a mac .
you will be waiting and waiting just to make some coffee .
i used to eat these a long time ago .
i tried converting the num_extend to lower quality to make the memory footprint smaller ,  but that didn t matter .
mainly it is a waster of time and money .
the quality control in china is sadly lacking .
it is not  rubberized  at all ,  just a normal ,  hard plastic with very bad finishing .
as well bought another one recently and when this arrived the product was not working .
i may try it one more time to see if i got a bad batch .
i didn t think i d hate this headset ,  but i do .
it fell apart after we had it for about num_num weeks .
i would return this kit if i had a choice .
so if you can already cook .  .  . stay in the kitchen .
the phone was in my shirt pocket  now ,  it disconnects and reconnects every few minutes .
the lid will fall off sometimes ,  even when it seems properly seated ,  and water will be everywhere .
if you are thinking of purchasing this ,  maybe you would be wise to take a look at some others .
i first tried it as a replacement for sugar in my coffee .
it s not a bargain if it only lasts that long .
for the amount of money paid i expected these to last longer !  .
however ,  if your want a sauce to accent rather than dominate a main course ,  look elsewhere .
i would have expected more ,  but from now on will get better quality ,  and thus have to pay more .
the think thin brownie crunch bar has an interior resembling a dry brownie with a thin chocolate coating .
at least the num_num that i ordered from amazon did not .
this happened to me everytime the phone rang .
not the best thing for a dog that likes to chew .
you have to cut your veggies less than num_extend to fit into the space .
there are way better products out there  i . e .  ,  dermabenss  .
overall for the money it does not perform as well as others .
nothing wrong with that ,  just thought it was going to be bigger .
i use to use this moisturizer everytime after i washes my face and it never left me moisturized .
installing nic s should be easy and this is probably the first that i ve ever encountered problems with .
it s ok though ,  i use this pot for other things that i can sterilize with steam .
i should be thankful i only paid $
everything just seems so cheap with the model .
i need new ones now ,  but don t think i ll go this route again .
by all means ,  i was not expecting much considering the item was under $
i didn t even feel it slip off my ears .
i went to my car mounted to windshield and pluged up .
i ve been meaning to write a review on this for over a year .
i have not tried the headset with any other cell phones .
i m trying to find reasons to justify this item s high price but i can t .
i waited close to a month to receive my item .
yes ,  it will function and give good sound ,  but you re dealing with an inferior product .
pick any humidifier on the market and you will have a better machine than this one .
this is my second weber purchase  genesis was the first  .
even clp cleans better ,  and that s not even a bore cleaner .
or even a quarter of the price . it all comes in a cheap plastic box .
over the last couple of years i have tried numerous screen protectors on several phones .
i sent them back and bought a better   but more expensive  pair .
i could live with the filter not being dishwasher safe but the whole thing ,  not o . k .
they are very cheap looking and they feel that way as well .
i makes the standard thin waffle and a small one at that .
it is rough and hurts your hand and ear when you are using your phone .
it s a little bit rough and grainy in fact .
the volume does not adjust very loud at all .
i expected it to last for longer than a year ,  so overall ,  the purchase was a disappointment .
i have tried over num_num kinds of screen shields ranging from cheap ones to very expensive ones .
after reading the reviews and seeing the markdown in price ,  i was sucked into purchasing them .
seems cheaply made and much smaller than expected  about the size of an adult hand  .
it connected ok to the iphone but the usb plug came off after tried to unplug it .
the screen protector is thinner than usual and sticky which made it overly difficult to put it on .
if the lid is not latched ,  it won t make coffee ,  beeping forlornly .
$  at least it was a very good sale  wasted .
disclaimer :  i previously reviewed this product and had originally given it five stars .
color starts to peal off after a few days .
this requires the magnet to pass ,  according to the directions ,  within num_extend of the sensor .
i wish i could give this a negative rating . once again do not get this headset !  !  !  .
i had bought a similar product in a dollar store for $
if you want a better taste ,  just make some black tea and put a little lemon juice in it .
no pokey seams or fabric . however ,  when i wear it i feel like it is riding up .
so yes its cheap but it doesn t work well at all .
defeating its purpose .   so you cant really have it on high unless the filter is brand new .
seems it only has num_extend amps of power or less .
i love everything about it ,  except that it really doesn t work and their service is terrible .
i have problems with fitting my shoes because of my shape of my feet .
i just bought it yesterday and was so sadly surprised after opening the jar .
shipping took awhile ,  close to a month ,  but for $ from hong kong ,  what do you expect .
i finally plugged the thing directly to my router with a cable to fix this .
the headband design is very flimsy ,  and is almost guaranteed to break after several months of use .
but only when oil is added to the formulation as a base .
i ve bought num_num different ones made by this company .
this protector is a sticky one ,  not that smooth as the screen of the phone .
for almost  money  you would expect a better connector from the cable to the num_extend system .
i paid $ and could have bought a $ mr .
to me ,  it didn t have half of the flavor that i was expecting .
i ve used many igo products and this is the first one to disappoint .
i hated the plastic materials used in the other coffeemakers i ve had in the past .
i don t like how unreliable this is though so i barely use it .
the size was not a true size it ran smaller .
i have had to replace this replacement screen with a different screen !  not a good replacement part .
the pictures in the instructions are adequate and just enough parts are given but no extras .
feels and looks cheap ,  doesn t protect the phone all that well .
i would have liked to have and use this .
really disappointed that i spent so much on this product .
i am replacing the head unit with a bluetooth enabled one and will not use this product anymore .
they work fine for about a year then they stop working .
the main job of a vacuum is to suck unwanted matter off your floor .
if anything is off ,  you will be told to do some sort of water change .
i learned to just put a little water in it . then the mount broke .
initially it output num_extend when set to num_extend
very disappointing because i really did love this case .
i didn t have this problem with the equally expensive brown natural paper filters .
my doctor suggested i try same for my shoulder arthritis .
i used to have an htc incredible phone and it came with  this  charger .
i ve managed to get it to work num_num times ,  out of about num_num attempts .
i ve got about num_num defender cases for my last num_num android phones .
the build quality is less than i expected and feels really shabby .
i installed this on my existing wireless system hoping to extend the range a short distance to my garage .
i wouldn t buy this product if i were to do it again .
it was at that time rated by up to four or fewer stars on the package to indicate quality .
will never buy it or suggest anybody to buy it .  .  . the charger seems to be working fine though .
too often i ve left my ipod or iphone in a seat because it has slide out of my pocket .
however no longer recovers . this is the num_extend small radio that i ve purchased from amazon that has failed .
many of my spoons fall out of this one ,  i guess it depends on your shape of the spoon .
i do not know if this is a genuine product or a dupe of it .
the rubberized ,  softer first layer was very loose on the phone .
maybe get a better charger or look for a different battery .
much more compact than my compaq ipaq num_num with an external num_extend card . unfortunately ,  the reliability is poor .
i really wanted to like this product for a few reasons .
someone said it did work ,  but it doesn t .
phone often reboots and sometimes just shuts down without you knowing about it .
i received this product and sent it back because it was damaged in shipping .
again ,  quality is absent from this product ,  but this product is inexpensive .
i was also hoping it would work with my num_extend lights infrared controller .
while it looks like the old school version ,  it is nothing like it at all .
i d look at the led and it was at red again .
i removed it and replaced with a different case .
i ran the dish washer on pots and pans cycle ,  even though it was just dishes .
for the price i expected a much higher quality collar .
i already have a much better hands free bluetooth device for that .
i didn t expect it to last forever ,  but i thought it would last a little longer than it did .
it clumps ,  smears and is extremely difficult to apply .
i think it has to do with the gunk they use to adhere it to the screen .
however i was disappointed in the quality versus the amount i paid .
doesn t appear to affect function or fit of the filter though ,  so it is in my car today .
it s way too big ,  which makes it clumsy ,  which makes it difficult to safely handle hot pots and pans .
i bought this and boy was that a mistake on my part .
i gave these a try to replace my daily consumption of too much dew .
summary :  a lot of the positive reviews are quite old .
not really what i thought it would be .
some of the veggies were tough and stringy and had to be spit out .
this tool doesn t have enough surface area which makes any pressure applied hurt much more .
the company that provided the product charged me over $ for shipping and restocking .
this unit was a little flimsy when i installed it .
however ,  my husband purchased this one for me for christmas instead .
the batteries run low fast ,  so he takes it out when not using it .
the left side houses an num_extend microsd card  included  and the sim card from your phone carrier .
i haven t had any problem with cheaper poe devices ,  so i will claim this isn t very robust .
the texture was try and just overall the only flavor was  sweet  .
the whole thing feel flimsy and looks cheap . my phone snaps into the frame just fine .
it is flimsy and not a nice chrome model as described .
i am going to get rid of it over at ebay .
that sucker was hot .  .  . as in burn your skin hot .
i could be out the battery itself ,  if i return it ,  not to mention the shipping .
this is one of the poorest quality items i ve purchased .
maybe i can sell it used on ebay .
the whole thing looked and felt pretty cheap too .
it tore after about two weeks  also ,  the plastic piece that retracts the interface trimmer broke two weeks later  .
it is essentially rendered cow fat ,  the same kind used to make soap and candles .
i decided i needed a new seal puller and picked this up cheap here on amazon .
feels like the blades are bending rather than maintaining a stiff edge .
once they arrived i was totally excited ,  however ,  once i wore them ,  that attitude quickly changed .
but it didn t cost a lot ,  so no big deal .
do not buy this if you intend to use it in a car ,  bus or train .
well ,  it s permanent and the material is cheap and flimsy .
wish i d realized this before i exchanged them for another size .
when i read that this was supposed to smell of ginger and mandarin ,  i was pretty excited about that .
i went back and replaced it with the vastly cheaper but better zyliss .
consider the price ,  you get what you paid .
i ve only had to empty the canister once since i have owned it .
i had hoped to get a battery with a bit more life than the original ,  instead i got nothing .
i bought this so i could have an internet connection with both my xbox num_num and my computer .
i think k i actually had less chips in my nails when i didn t use this polish .
the num_extend mah that it came with  and wanted to charge my phone faster .
i wish i had a long time ago .
a new roller for this vacuum cost me about $ at the local hoover store .
this will be the last caselogic item i will ever buy .
there is one reason why i give this game num_num star .
next time ,  i ll try to buy something a little more reliable .
i was disapointed of it s bulkiness , it should be thiner and easier to use .
the thing needs to be disinfected weekly and water changed regularly .
i was hoping this product would work but it didn t .
i m sure it s great for some people ,  but i dont care for it much .
i have it for over a year and i tried to use it once or twice .
a roll of tape and num_num gauze pads ,  a little pair of scissors ,  plastic tweezers ,  num_num elastic bandage .
after that ,  it begins to drain the batteries very quickly .
also the metal used is so thin it bends .
the problem was in how tight it was .
when i received it though ,  i was disappointed .
i think that the flavor was not good .
its sad !  this is another lalaloopsie product that is beautiful as shelf decor but a frustration to play with !  .
this product didn t deliver for me . i m pretty sure i didn t  nor could possibly  screw up the application .
the price on this is too high for it to be so difficult and flimsy .
it looks to heavy and large for the little pan and is ,  in my opinion .
i use it in the shower ,  it s less messy and wont get over applied that way .   .
i like several other mcdougall s soups for a quick lunch at work ,  but not this one .
after owning this razor for about a year ,  i find the cutting speed is too slow .
i was using it to roast coffee beans .
they smell nice but don t do much beyond that .
they say it has a lifetime warranty but than the company disappears .
i know it says small in the title ,  but these are almost too small for use in my opinion .
literally when i purchased this ,  i was looking forward to receiving it and i waited a long long time .
i had this for num_num months and the thing stopped working .
my normal phones i use are the iphone num_extend and the samsung blackjack ii  windows mobile  .
they do make neat sounds ,  but don t waist your money .
i too went out and bought a seperate power cord and batteries .
i still would expect this to last longer than it did .
we use them while walking on a treadmill and there s never any stress put on the cable .
i kept them though for gift . edit :  flat and kind of cheap looking when you wear them .
i bought a second phone because it was cheap ,  and the home button broke after num_num months .
i cannot keep the ipod reliably in my pocket .
for sound ,  i can hear ,  but it is muffled .
i used it the day i got it .  . didn t work ,  the next week .  . didn t work .
this sound is below average unless it is heavy bass music .
i did some research before purchasing this item and it was supposed to be compatible with vista .
and it does not have enough power to charge my extended life battery only the standard laptop battery .
it has some issues that forced me to return it to amazon .
therefore ,  i would say this isn t machine washable .
spices come in larger jars these days ,  so one spice jar doesn t fit in one of these .
that would mean i could mix four loaves of sandwich bread at a time .
i have had this product now for over num_num months .
so buy it at your own discretion but once this is gone ,  i m going back to my old company .
not durable ,  not a quality component ,  not worth any amount of money .
i ve used it here and there but not daily because i didn t really see the difference .
sorry ,  but i don t like it and wouldn t recommend this .
it isn t my choice for a good brew .
update : just found out there is a num_num year warranty .
it is very flimsy ,  the metal is thin .
i do not believe this is a product any one that needs an extended life battery should purchase .
i m disappointed i was looking forward for my phone to last longer but it doesn t .
i first noticed that the chocolate does not have that sharp bitter taste that most dark chocolate has .
the actual product isn t bad ,  just poorly presented .
i m mid num_extend and really not considered fat but this watch is soo small barely fit my wrist .
bought this charger to leave in my truck .
this is not a good product ,  oxo i have found is really over hiped .
i wanted to like this product ,  but i really did not .
it is cheaply made and my small dog made short work of it .
there are no harsh edges to dig into your skin .
it has dirty bass ,  poor midrange  near not midrange  and flat and dull highs .
the crackers are like unleavened crackers with a slightly sweet ,  very dry and slightly hard consistency .
i got it because it was cheap ,  it was alright .
i used every one and each one was the same .
i ordered my normal size which is num_extend and it was way too small .
i then plugged it in using the mini usb charger i used when i first received it .
so ,  i swiftly returned it and am currently waiting for the correct size .
i would have returned it if i d known that sooner ,  but it was a gift to someone else .
these were just too big for me to use comfortably .
this just came in yesterday on a lightning deal $
i think amazon is padding prices to make up for free shipping . as far as the product goes .
i m looking for a glass cutting board and a knife sharpener .
i bought this feeder about num_num months ago and should have taken it back then .
even in perfect condition it s still a subpar case .
sure ,  they burn fine ,  and may even work for the average user ,  but the quality is very low .
this did not feel like a blade that would be brittle .
the cable i received was a num_extend mm jack to male rca audio and video .
i am not a coffee snob ,  but i do like strong somewhat bitter coffee .
if not liquids still seap out over the edge and spill .
this is a piece of junk ,  it looks bad and doesn t do anything hence it is a bumper .
the bristles on this brush are so short that it doesn t really do anything for me .
first ,  it is shorter than it appears to be .
it s cheap but if you want something better just buy a apple product .
the volume is alright ,  sounds very hollow ,  though .
i replaced the  piece of wire  antenna that came with my radio with this thing .
product itself isn t bad but i wouldn t buy it online again .
never me buy any perfume or cologne so cheap from amazon .
the probe said num_num degrees and my trusty meat thermometer said num_num degrees .
i wanted to use this as a usb charging station .
i always give a product a chance to see but this one is not for me .
the whir it emits is so loud that i generally prefer to not use it .
i ve owned my new num_num for num_num days now and it s overheating .
i m glad the space i had to cover wasn t any larger .
i used this machine for two days before my wife went down to sears and bought a mr .
i ve gone back to my nokia num_num and will continue shopping for a better windows mobile device .
i am currently using the front from a much cheaper product purchased elsewhere .
i m buying a replacement after num_num days of use of this cover .
gets a bit expensive at that point and you re better off using your regular coffee pot .
this too bad because amazon is a great company .
it s a bit heavy so it didn t help when its a bit big .
the clear cover of the phone case also seems to be of substandard quality .
i don t know why this happened but the filter started off great .
cheap material and when i put it on low speed the blade shakes and makes loud noises .
one would think it should not be difficult to take the temperature reading .
i ordered this product as a replacement to my desktop setup  migrating a num_extend to my laptop  .
i think it just not machined very well .
first place the inner hard back cover inside the silicone num_extend
i havent personally tried it but i hear that st .
i expected them to be larger given i ordered the ginormous size ,  and i was highly disappointed .
i had to use a knife to pry the suction loose .
i stopped using this and went back to using the num_extend advantix .
i ve had this item for less than num_num months .
i was very disappointed that this backup battery charger did not work at all .
they work well enough but the rechargeable battery just does not last very long .
if you need a vehicle adapter ,  get a cheap one from radio shack or direct from your otebook manufacturer .
you lose very little air while checking the pressure .
i put it on as i was supposed too .
in my opinion it does not perform properly .
after reading all the reviews i was hopeful that this would work out .
see my updated review  after the blender died on me  .
i bought it at the store ,  not amazon .
unfortunately ,  the battery did not last long between charges .
if i have any success ,  i will revise my review but for now ,  i cannot recommend this product .
might work for some ,  but didn t for me .
probably cable or something does not have enough power .
very dissapointing maybe i should have stuck with the more expensive ones .
i don t have to constantly stop and stir . unfortunately ,  i make soup far more often than i make pesto .
i should have known at this price to expect little .
it seems like the glass filter moves around .
if i wanted floppy ,  pale waffles ,  i d eat pancakes !  .
they don t work at all and i see these in stores for $
if you a mechanically inclined ,  then this pump shuld not be in an issue .
also ,  the volume control knob is cheap and difficult to adjust the volume .
small as hell comes dull barely a handel .
the whole cord seems cheep but it at num_num bucks for num_num of them its not a bad deal .
i will just connect my ipod directly to my car from the headphone output without any power connected .
bottom line :  you get what you pay for .
the micro usb cable works but the charger didn t .
purchased for my wife s samsung facinate phone ,  since her battery was losing its charge after just a few hours .
it is incredibly cheap but if you plan on using this regularly best to look elsewhere .
the lid doesn t really stay on it now and it just looks all misshapen .
the coffee is still just barely warm enough to drink .
when it arrived i found the product to be cheap in construction ,  the spiral separates easily .
i purchased a second one a few weeks later and such a peculiar thing happened .
i m sure i ll have no issues with that .
this is called tea espresso but it has no caffeine .
i m going to return it for another brand ,  maybe macally or logitech .
sorry ,  but that s nowhere near acceptable for a cable of this price  even though the price was good  .
please let me explain; i received these batteries and noticed that they had an expiration date of num_extend
although the case is hardcore ,  it is way too bulky for me .
another cable i have does not have this issue .
wish i would have read the reviews here before buying .
it wasn t hard to figure out what i had to do ,  but actually doing it was another matter .
doesn t protect front of phone ,  more for decorative look .
for the cost not the best would not buy again .
however ,  other than being too small i think i would have liked it .
so here i am back at amazon lookingfor a replacement .
my card worked off and on for about num_num weeks .
i think this should not steer anyone away from trying this product because it looks to be well made .
item is to heavy ,  not ergonamically for hands .
it says that it is an num_num piece but mine only came with num_num pieces .
so i am not going to buy it again .
once you place this pad on your clothes ,  it doesn t come off .
it does not stay sharp ,  it has play side to side ,  the handle wont take much abuse .
i m so disappointed ,  because i was really optimistic about the results i d see after reading all the great reviews .
i would recomend people when purchasing it if your a size num_extend order size num_extend instead .
read the reviews ,  researched other items and was expecting a decent product ,  but this did not deliver .
i payed way to much for these gloves .
i dropped it into the soapy water and let it sit .
i tried it with all of my chargers .
i hate to complain but i ordered the scraper to replace my old rubbermaid scraper .
its like dark purple .  .  . not even slightly nude or pinkish .
i had to purchase this transmitter ,  as my itrip ,  used for my ipod ,  no longer works for my iphone .
one will accept a usb connector but it does not work .
at $ you get what you pay for .
after num_num months of moderate use ,  it stopped working .
my order came in a envelope manila that is with small boxes of gel inside .
i m starting to question rather or not these are authentic samsung batteries or cheap chinese imported counterfeits .
as other reviews here suggest ,  this device isn t very powerful .
this is not a bad blender ,  but it has one major design flaw .
i had to put it in my own plastic container .
i haven t figured out exactly what the problem is ,  but this is awful for my phone .
after awhile there was no difference betweenthe stock battery and this one .
again ,  it didn t move around or spill the water when i tried to make it do so .
i paid premium price for this kind of junk .
as soon as i find another toaster ,  this one goes off to goodwill .
i had already purchased one in the past ,  that s why i got another one .
returned the product because it was so small .
it feels a bit flimsy but did not bend when used .
you cannot even tell it is working except in pitch black environments .
$ for pot metal lid and plastic base and insert .
after adding num_num to a large cup of coffee ,  i tasted a hint of cinnamon but not much .
this item was not at all what i expected .
this is supposed to have a one year warranty .
i wonder how long it will last . pat f .
it just is not an impressive tasting product .
num_num minutes after brewing ,  the coffee is about num_num degrees even with reheating .
i guess i was expecting too much after reading all the great reviews .
this leads me to believe that the issue is not a defect ,  but a design flaw .
i have had this problem with cheaply made chocolate syrups and coffee house drinks .
i have only had it on for num_num day and it is peeling off .
anything more than $ is way too much .
i promptly requested a refund from this company .
this one i guess is the cheaper version of derma e products .
i think it s too pricey for what you re getting .
i don t have sensitive skin per se ,  but this stuff stings .
i should have read the reviews before buying these .
please note that there was never any strain on the connector .
and oh my god is this thing loud .
it looks metal ,  but feels like it s plastic .
the saucepan i use to make soup these days is a saucepan i ve had for years .
bass is thin and there really isn t much  nuance  in terms of the sound .
this is why pyrex and kimax and other borosilicate glasses are used for chemistry glassware .
the graphics are okay but could be so much better than what they are .
and when you do not need it ,  turn it off ,  otherwise the batteries will drain .
i like how this is lite weight but it doesn t fit on my ear so i cant use it .
we returned it ,  bought another one from the local store ,  and it broke too .
i often found myself fumbling to get it on .
the knob came separately ,  with a small wood screw for attaching it to the lid .
it s just doesn t hold a cheaply made case .
it is ultra thin ,  yes ,  but if you want something small you really want an ipod .
i replaced the battery maybe twice and it turned back on .
this device might be good for a desktop application but not for a laptop or traveler .
some people might like this ,  but i thought it was too big .
granted they are marketing it as an ipad num_num battery and the third gen has a larger capacity .
fortunately ,  it is cheap enough for me not to bother to return it .
quality is not good ,  even for it s price .
i ended up buying a whisper filter but it doesn t have the great diffuser bar .
i bought it for use in my car ,  to replace my less firm version ,  and had to return it .
did not fit the phone i bought it for .
i use the wide mouth sealer with no problems so i am not sure what the problem is .
an actual guitar pick .  !  !  ! returned and ordered replacement through another previous vendor .
very cheap ,  this scarf looks full in the picture but its tiny and thin and well cheap .
i wanted to like it because i assumed it was made in the usa .
i suppose it could be passable as a toy .
sorry to say ,  the new one is far less well made .
just going to live with it ,  i guess .
i decided to try this brand again after years of using multiple other brands .
just as the other product ,  i will use this stuff up by scrubbing sinks and toilets with it .
i ordered a num_num but dont know if ordering a size bigger would make a difference in the width .
it just does not work with this battery .
that s not because excel  or this camera  is awkwardly designed .
don t bother buying . go with either the  plugable   sic  unit ,  or any unit based on the ftdi chipset .
bought the correct size ,  tried them on my daughter ,  asked if they felt okay and she said yes .
the flavor leaves a lot to be desired .
it stays hot when it s plugged in ,  but won t produce power to the chord .
either way ,  i switched to a different brand for now .
i don t know what the big deal is with this product .
these were also much harder to chew than the other flavors  the others are softer  .
but the annoying cleaning process is not what bothers me most about this filter .
however this  diet  mix ,  although low in calories ,  is also low in taste .
making a gf crust is not the same thing as regular pie crust .
i used mine lightly for maybe a year and now it refuses to charge batteries .
but then it was a crap shoot . sometimes it would brew the coffee ,  while other times it would not .
i originally gave this a num_num or num_num star rating .
the only possitive i have on this little guitar is that it was shipped promptly and arrived on time .
i have been trying some different products for a very ,  very picky eater .
i would not buy this particular product again .
i now use it  or don t use it i guess  with a samsung galaxy num_extend
the only thing going for this machine is the ease in cleaning it .
even though it s cheap ,  it might not be worth the money .
everything was smooth and there was none of the bugs that plagued the last version .
guess i ll be buying some other brand from now on !  .
gave this product a try and was so very ,  very disappointed because i really wanted to love it .
i ve had better though i don t recall the brand s  at the moment .
i paid $ for the case ,  $ for shipping to me .
i end up undoing the installation and reinstall my original battery .
this extension brought my glock num_num size to the same size as my glock num_extend
i used the original until one day while cleaning it i lost one of the ball bearings .
my old droid dock was just a holder for the phone .
they are way too big for my small face .
and they claim to have a digital amp  my batteries do last and last  .
i have had my samsung focus num_extend for about two years now .
this protects the screen but doesn t really look all that great .
i doubt there is anything wrong with this oil ,  the taste and smell are just too  fresh  for me .
overall i m not impressed at all with this filter .
i have been using this whitening gel for a couple of weeks and have not noticed any significant change .
i purchased this for my num_num silverado num_extend
they are a little stronger than num_extend manila envelope metal clips ,  but not much .
all is all i was disappointed with this product .
i suppose for only five bucks you get what you pay for .
it s thin cheap plastic and rips very easily .
it was delivered on time ,  which is why i give it num_num and not num_extend
it was peeling straight out of the package .
i strongly feel eggshell thin and delicate glass should not have metal clamped down on it .
this was prescribed to me for overall body pain by a surgeon and other doctors .
not the tiny halloween sized one but small .
if it was stronger i would recommend it but until then go find another product .
i was so excited to finally get this game in the mail .
the signal is weak and on a few occations the signal fades and cuts out .
i am only giving this product one star because of the packaging was nice .
and it doesn t look much like i expected ,  and isn t easy to get into the right shape .
i now just use my phones without the screen protectors .
i have had these headphones for about num_num years now .
because you ll likely ruin one or two of them trying to get them installed without bubbles .
i was hoping for something tasty but its not this one .
this one just doesn t rate up at the top of those i ve tried .
this looks the same but does not perform .
it goes from low to high in a short space or has static when i move the nob .
or less ,  it should be fine . next came the issue of getting the ground coffee beans into the pot .
it s not incredibly unpleasant ,  but it s not something that i would ever choose to drink ,  either .
i tried charging my htc evo num_extend lte with this charger .
its a rubber case ,  thought i was buying the hard case .
i don t like to fail so may be that s why i am challenging myself to make yogurt .
i would get about num_num days of use out of my old battery .
consider that there are many other reviews saying the same thing .
i charged it fully the night before ,  then went out on the road ,  and plugged in my cell phone .
im not sure if it is due to my car or the charger but this no longer works .
i could probably put some screwdrivers in there too .
althought a milder version of most of the starbucks coffees ,  i couldn t taste a vanilla flavor in it .
the alternative probably is because others might add salt ,  so they have more flavor ,  but taste more artificial .
thank goodness i didn t pay an arm and a leg for it .
that said ,  i am about to purchase another one .
the size measurements provided are a bit disingenuous .
i buy a lot on amazon and giving something such a low rating is a rarity for me .
i bought these after going through a few other stylus brands and discovered that these are no better .
this is not enough for most smartphones today .
not only that ,  but the quality of the sound was so poor ,  it really did not sound like water .
this product cannot be easily adjusted and when you do adjust it ,  it does not always stay that way .
don t buy it !  the screen protector was wrinkled .
cup is a little more acceptable ,  but the coffee quality is horrendous .
after some use of it ,  i must give it a num_num star ,  as i previously though it deserved .
the company took it back and is sending me a refund .
with gloves on ,  finger rubber protection was twisted to the side not on top .
if i try to add more tea ,  the brew becomes stronger ,  but also too bitter .
you aren t getting a genuine ,  oem ,  samsung charger for this low price .
i m going to use some gorilla glue or something to try to keep this together .
its not easy getting the hot lids out .
if it did get played with ,  i know it would last .
i probably should have looked a bit closer or read the reviews closer .
the coffee was bitter and just had an odd flavor like it was treated with chemicals .
i would suggest purchase plastic rubber case for a few dollars more .
the twitch ii was okay ,  but has a thin blade and almost too small for practical use .
so now ,  i am removing the sharp and installing a regular microwave in place of it .
it works fine but it smells like burnt plastic .
i paid $ for this item on jan num_extend num_extend today is jan num_extend num_extend
there are much ,  much better products out there .
not sure how long they will last ,  but remember that you get what you pay for .
that was the reason why i ordered them .
this bluetooth lasted me less than a week .
however ,  i received a fold over case for the galaxy num_extend with black and white zebra print .
nothing wrong with the pillow but was expecting something better for the price .
been taking it for a few weeks now and notice nothing a whole lot different .
also ,  the swheat scoop doesn t clump as well as scoop away .
they fall out of my ears in seconds ,  they are not adjustable ,  and the sideways speaker hurts my ears .
it s not that the device just doesn t work .
i was excited ,  at first ,  to get this griddle .
fresh batteries have a num_num year expiration date .
leaves smudges to be removed with a cloth on cleaning .
it stains your skin and has an offensive odour .
the colors are not what you see in the picture .
i have used it multiple times and never a problem or loose connection .
in recent years i have been cutting down on coffee .
they are very thin bags and will not hold anything very heavy .
the label says that this has no unpleasant odor .
first of all ,  it arrived with a dead battery .
i had it for about num_num weeks before it quit working .
for the price we paid ,  i d expect more .
i don t even know how to describe it .
i may not be fair because i ve never tried a mortar and pestle before .
i purchased this at a store for about $ and am sorry that i did .
i have read someone said it s too sweet and i could not agree more .
i am not returning this product because it wasn t expensive and i need it to protect my phone .
then when i went to plug my phone into it to charge the whole thing fell apart .
the audio cable is redundant ,  if audio works anyway through the usb .
even at my local grocery store ,  it s about $
when i upgraded to the iphone num_extend naturally i would get the otterbox commuter for my new phone .
i bake but not so much that i put a hand blender through any serious paces .
it is too difficult to remove the cover for this to bee of use .
this product inevitably breaks within a short period of time .
we have even tried a few of them but for much less with much more to offer .
they re ok ,  but what keeps them from being solid is the lack of rubber .
i had previously a ceramic pot i bought at wholefoods .
both pans were prepped exactly the same; brushed with melted butter .
i tried on my finger it feels less sticky than cookie dough .
i just thought of another use for this controller and my tablet .
and this one is more of a $ iron ,  not high end .
they looked like what i wanted  ,  but when i order they were to big .
so if you re looking for advice from me .
spend a little more and get something nicer if you want to play football with it .
half the time it does not do that . don t waste your money with this thing .
and of the two ,  i only opened the defective one a couple of days ago .
they are not weak or gentle with their toys .
this is a very small bag to start .
what people like is a matter of personal taste ,  but i won t ever buy this tea again .
i bought this based on all the glowing recommendations but i just could not digest it .
just to install it without leaving marks all over the place ,  is near to impossible .
plus they were only like $ dollars a piece which is why i give them num_num stars .
it broke after few months of use and i had to get it repaired .
but ,  while the concept of this product is neat ,  the execution is terrible .
the case and insertion tools are fine ,  but i don t need those .
i can t describe the taste really .  .  . and maybe it s supposed to taste this way .
no problem with a firewire num_num connection to older macbook num_extend
i am a user of cremes , and this one brand has changed its formulaor i got bad batch .
the only good thing about this game really are the graphics ,  which are indeed eye candy .
the basic design has not changed in many years ,  and it surely needs to be upgraded .
but after it got delivered ,  when i opened the box ,  it seemed used .
i don t understand all the num_num star reviews .
maybe mine is just a defective unit; i ll probably buy another later and update this review when i do .
until one day when i had a tuna lunchable .
i really wanted to like this product , because i guess i was feeling a bit retro .
this was really made cheap for a timex .
lousy !  !  !  !  the handle design makes the cuisipro grater extremely difficult to hold .
i swapped in another drive ,  and it to amazon .
if you use fingernails ,  you ll probably break a few .
i used this for about a month and did not notice a difference whatsoever .
they aren t balanced correctly and don t make the right sound .
i don t feel that is too much to ask . i would not buy this one again .
the overall product is made of a this nylon material with the bottom black section like a plastic tarp .
overall ,  there is nothing wrong with this brush ,  but it just doesn t seem to clean .
there has to be better batteries out their somewhere ,  i will keep looking .
but i m not seeing it as effective as yet .
i was not pleased with these headphones at all .
the filling does not taste like pumpkin !  it tastes sugary but ,  not particularly like anything else .
when i arrived home with it ,  and took it out of the box ,  i was very disappointed .
i also noticed that the adhesive side wasn t all that great .
it s hard to apply the amount of pressure i need with this .
i am only keeping as a gift ,  hopefully it will not be as equally disappointing for my granddaughter .
in all fairness getting the stain and smell out should probably take a lot of effort .
with that said .  .  .  . this product was not for me .
sometimes the buttons don t work and have to be pressed real hard .
the only reason i didn t give this a negative star rating was because it is pretty reliable .
again it was more expensive than the now product ,  but was less than the young living .
i would have paid the money  about $ for an original .
i gave it num_num stars because of the sound .
the pillow is not what i would consider firm .
the lid does not stay on very well .
i am not returning them because they cost so little .
i use this num_extend xd olympus for my num_extend
i purchased this for my daughters new iphone num_extend
next time i ll pay more and hpoefully get a better product !  !  .
i used the little tray to cook some eggs to put in english muffins with cheese for breakfast .
that s just not terribly fast compared to other chargers on the market .
i was unimpressed with the quality of this item .
as a result ,  i had to boil water first so that it would be hot enough when brewed .
it is so flimsy kept unsnapping  and it tips over way to easy .
i can t notice any difference in my picture quality .
i rarely touched it during my time using it .
it broke the first week i had it .
bottom line ,  it does not work nearly as well as my quadra action or smarttouch xl models .
the buttons were a bit hard to press ,  but not outrageous .
that is nothing to hold against starbucks vanilla though .
so i tried this stuff and it does not work .
i wanted somthing to watch my netflix on but this did not do the job .
i end up having to put a cup of vinegar in the washer .
i only used about a tablespoon for a very large bowl of popcorn ,  so nothing crazy .
i prefer good products made in china than bad products  like this  made in usa . don t buy it !  .
the day it arrived in the mail ,  i was eager to drink it .
it s lightly carbonated ,  which i like but too sweet for my taste  think strawberry candy  .
however ,  i m very disappointed with how poor the battery life has been .
i was looking for a basic timer with dial .
packet of  chili lime salmon spread  to have with num_num small circular crackers .
i paid a high price for a new phone and received a deffective second hand phone .
i took a risk with the dirt cheap price and thought i would come out fine .
this one is so heavy and hard to handle .
i was expecting for the price like this to be better quality than the toy from num_num cent store .
i was told to pay the return shipping and a replacement unit would be sent out .
and the phone is too heavy to lean on the flip up lid .
possibly something is wrong with the container or the coffee is bitter .
i was really hopeful that this would be true .
some time ago ,  i bought num_num of these bras in black .
it is not for everyday use or people .
there s better jerky out there ,  a lot better .
for me ,  it was first hard to figure out how to do the twisting thing .
there is no smoke or burger taste at all in this .
however when i ordered this through amazon ,  i got the newer version ,  not pictured above .
i cleaned the furniture first ,  but ,  possibly it s the material our chair is made from .
i chose this rating due to the adverse reaction experienced using this product one time .
i will be replacing asap . and it feels cheap and the handle gets hot .
my tempered glass screen protector broke and wanted something cheaper and that s what i got .
i had some of these back in the num_extend and they are no better than they were then .
this toy was way smaller than i expected .
the result being that often ground coffee shoots out the sides onto your countertop .
the earphones work okay but some num_num cent earphones may work better .
they were too small ,  even though order the same size i always wear .
got tired of my coffee having  chew  to it ,  and gave the thing to a thrift shop .
but there just wasn t anything to go back for with this particular product . review by m .
let me explain . the box contained one charging surface ,  one power clip ,  and num_num tips .
i was looking for something that was more realistic looking .
that is really all i have to say about this product ,  except i do not recommend it .
i was hoping these would be my new favorite sunglasses .
at least it was a cheap buy so i don t feel too bad about it .
decent garlic press except for one thing :  it makes a loud metal screeching sound everytime you rotate it open .
i bought num_num different brands of almond flour ,  one made specifically for and by scd and brm .
i had high hopes for this product ,  but was highly disappointed instead .
i only used it a couple of times and then it stopped working .
it is difficult to get in and out of a pocket or even the belt clip .
i didn t see where it did much good .
normally ,  i hate to give bad reviews since i think most products are disproportionately represented with negative reviews already .
it did not fit my phone and it was no as smart looking as it looked online .
this is dried packet of mix that can be added to yogurt or milk .
although ,  it started cutting out about two months ago ,  i ve just been putting up with it since then .
while they do cover the screen they re not as reflective as they appear in the photo .
however the rest fit well so if i purchased a larger size they would be way too long .
also you will wan num_num use cold refrigerated water num_num carbonate with .
i would have given this a num_num star if only i could get it to work .
i read the reviews and guess i have different taste buds .
when the battery came it was keeping the charge about num_num hrs .
really all i want is a screen protector that doesn t distort the screen .
this seems like a knockoff of some sort .
maybe the product i was send is bad .
it even has the same screw threads ,  so you can attach an msr miniworks water filter to it .
my phone is a num_extend and not a .
they came with this greasy coating ,  which is no big deal just washed it off .
i d rather use oil of olay from cvs .
i found that it s too small for my needs .
nothing like the smoothness of the black matte one .
i expected better out of a  gold  usb cable .
first rechargeable batteries that i have ever had a problem with .
and it does not really fit well on the phone .
first num_extend num_extend that comes out to num_extend watts .
it arrived ,  i took it out of the box ,  checked out all the pieces .
it looks like a num_extend stretches like a num_extend but feels like a num_extend
i understand that this is a cheap unit ,  and that such units usually have some repeated artifact noises .
my refunded was posted to my account in just num_num days .
sure ,  it doesn t leak ,  but that s only because no water comes out at all .
i decided to clean my couch and rug .
maybe i got a bad pair ,  maybe my ears just work better with the vmoda .
the handle is hollow and uncomfortable to hold .
not worth any more than the num_num bucks that i paid .
not at all . it s a little expensive for a small bottle like this about $
basically think lunchables without the need to be placed into the fridge .
the seller accepted the item as a return ,  no problem .
this was my second case purchase off amazon in my quest for a case for my white iphone num_extend
that is when i noticed something shiny inside and i pulled out an num_num inch metal washer .
also ,  the lid just sets on top but does not attach .
i haven t tried it on my ipod touch yet but that wasn t what i purchased it for .
however ,  this product is below par for me .
the spices which were supposed to be present .
the description says it is non stick ,  i shouldn t have to put cooking oil .
i m an it manager and seller of electronics ,  so i tried every trick in the book .
i would advise trying another style or brand if you are looking for comfort and durability .
the problem i have had with both is the ear piece .
i managed to turn it around  it responds slowly  before crashing it into the ceiling again .
are all num_extend halo is a num_extend this is a num_extend
byd is the manufacturer of the batteries that are in my uniden phones .
by the way it s made by coty they should have put out a better product .
this knife is a good design ,  but made of very poor materials .
i ended up having to use the smallest one .
i have an otter box on my phone ,  so this didn t work for me .
you num_num and power supply needs to be in a position where air can flow thru easily .
first of all ,  when i received it ,  it was not fully sealed .
i have bought these before and had the left ear plug go out after num_num months .
its difficult to describe the taste because it was so .  .  . gross .
i just got the garmin forerunner num_num about a week ago .
i m going to reorder one i ve had before ,  that was clear .
i purchased this product from amazon . com in may num_num for $
i wanted something for my walk in closet that i could throw my excess clothing on it .
i have used a product named filter aid in the past and unfortunately ,  can t find it anywhere now .
i have to mess with the cord to get it to come on .
turns out there is no metal bar in it ,  but instead it was plastic or something similar .
instead ,  i switched to another less comfortable ear bud .
my dog ,  pit bull ,  was really excited to get this new toy .
i had purchased the same opener several years ago at a department store .
i have been rarely as disappointed in a product as i was with this release .
however the product description says compatible with num_extend num_extend nano ,  etc .
i ve used mirro products for canning for many years .
this bowl is aesthetically pleasing ,  but material quality is lacking .
almost twice as expensive as anywhere else  :   come on amazon .
perhaps because the screen is a pentile display .
at least it didn t cost much to find out i was right .
i would not recommend this product as a boot knife unless you plan to use two hands .
i must have read more than % of the reviews on amazon about the product .
a bodum  cup  is num_num ounces ,  not num_extend
however ,  this review is written num_num month later and i am no longer happy .
unfortunately this item arrived damaged but too low cost an item to consider returning .
i did not care for it and ended up taking it off and buying new ones .
not a major flaw ,  it s minor ,  but it s an issue .
this just arrived in the mail and i applied it to my son s psp .
was able to reboot my machine after removing the card ,  but the damage had been done .
then it rusted when we went to wash it .
yuck !  it doesn t taste like good coffee and it doesn t taste like french vanilla .
i ended up splicing the connector to my old frayed apple charger .
i was hoping the bad reviews were wrong on this product .
which i guess is ok ,  if your into that type of num_extend
the large was tooooo long for my num_num waist .
please do yourself a favor and buy a product elsewhere on amazon .
i have to rearrange to try to get the thing back together again .
it says hard cover but its just cheap plastic .
this peppered beef jerky ,  is without a shadow ,  the nastiest jerkythat i have ever tasted .
the blades are hard to remove once they are inserted .
ordered charger for evo num_extend and they sent me a charger for a different phone .
i am not quite sure how to tell if this works or not .
i chose this seller because they ,  supposedly ,  had the cables in black .
i had this thing for about two weeks before returning it to the store .
i bought this for my brother and i was pretty disappointed .
my dogs seem to prefer carpet over this .
i will possibly try another brand next time i buy .
but ,  i wish i had purchased something else .
my friend ,  who also owns a num_extend asked if i had a screen protector on it .
the blade is not sharp to the touch .
nobody likes fake reviews ,  and that s mainly what this product has .
i ve fed this food before with few problems ,  but it seems their quality varies with the batch .
i requested a return and amazon just refunded my money and said to keep it .
but later my husband looked at it and he tested the batteries as good ,  so it just quit working .
i wish i would have seen it before i ordered it ,  than i wouldn t have bought it .
the glass one is a lot slower ,  but no leaching .
intense scrubbing with a dish brush does not work .
spend a few dollars more and time and ,  ultimately ,  money .
i have num_num different air cleaners at home and at work and this one is the loudest .
if the price is too good ,  you probably are not .
unfortuntely ,  this did not live up to my expectations .
i ve tried grinding coarse for french press and medium for drip .
will purchase my next one at a store so i have some recourse when an item proves defective .
won t pair . won t charge . won t record . don t buy . razr maxx but you could use this without the phone .
these items are reasonably priced ,  but too sticky for me .
maybe the sizing would be ok for snall or a different size .
this drink had a decent fruit flavor but it was thin with a bit of a metallic aftertaste .
used this only one time and found it extremely drying .
make sure you want and need this before laying down your money .
the taste is only slight more flavorful than water .
my daughter is num_num months and num_num lbs .
i was going to use it to prop up my phone at work but went with another option instead .
i am returning this mixer after using it once .
also it is not a very substantial piece .
i have to amend my review of the amaze after owning it for num_num months .
num_num bucks for this is junk !  !  let alone the $ amazon is currently asking for it .
i could go to the coffee shop down the road and spend less for a good cup of coffee .
when i make a single cup the water is fully through the cone in less than num_num seconds .
after checking the reviews at this point i returned it .
it is super thin and not what i expected .
remember to put battery in ,  otherwise the base is not heavy enough to return to it s position .
but .  . this product did not live up to the hype .
everything in my handbag is now covered in the bling that comes withbthis phone .
put your money into something with better engineering such as the aor .
the kettle is plastic with an exposed heating unit in the bottom .
however ,  i am starting to realise why they gave it away for $
% of the time ,  the item will be price better at amazon .
after spending too much time trying to install the device i went online seeking answers .
not worth it ,  even with the really low price .
i have been home canning for almost num_num years .
i literally just received this knife and i already know this is a serious piece of crap .
i was extremely disappointed in how this phone operates .
this item was also too sweet tasting for my diabetic self .
the ordinary nomad num_num has a more useful display ,  but the sound really sucks .
if they were priced closer to $ then i would approve .
save your money and buy something else . note ,  i ve written hundreds of reviews on amazon .
there is a bad smell coming from the rubber also .
it comes disassembled and it s not super easy how to put the thing together .
i am so glad i did not spend the money on the larger product .
i was excited to get this for my newly five year old daughter .
i was excited for this package to arrive in the mail .
ha ,  it came broken !  had to send it back .
well it broke after it ran out of batteries .
don t even waste your money !  the material is thin .
it s very stiff ,  thick cord and any time it moves ,  there s crackling heard in the sound .
the aftertaste was terrible and i had to throw away the remaining coffee .
i m not crazy about the color at all .
dont buy unless you intend to use for small ,  tiny num_num wat electronics .
i was in the market for a new stand mixer .
maybe it can be better with sugar and creme ,  but unfortunately ,  i enjoy black ,  nothing added coffees .
the paint can also get a little sloppy on the head .
looks like plastic dipped in a gold coating .
it s disappointing as i bought num_num of these .
i purchased these new ones from wal mart at num_num dollars each .
also ,  their num_num is more like a num_extend
it is a very uncomfortable fit for my adult female ear .
i got it for $ but that was way too much .
i don t think this product is worth the money and i would not recommend it .
it will not last long ,  i would recommend buying a larger size !  .
this is not a bad product but it did not agree with me personally .
if you re looking for a cheap case ,  this is it .
i am going to continue to try to get it to work but no big hope .
so i plan on buying one of those hunky rubber ones .
because of this i returned it the same day .
and i m an experienced cook !  just not the right item for me .
the batteries are new ,  and there is no corrosion from the previous batteries .
i had no idea when ordering this blade that it could not be used with ice .
i set the timer before going to bed and when i wake up coffee is waiting for me .
i am no stranger to pacific foods or soup products in general .
this cord is ok to charge a ipod not an iphone will be to scnog to power it up .
the big negative for me is that it is very very heavy .
ordered a large ,  which said it would fit his measurements and it was baggy .
i haven t decided to return it yet because i really need an extra battery .
the ear are messed up and want stay in place .
it s not a cream ,  it s runnier than regular lotion and upon application it feels like a gel .
i was planning to use the uv filter primarily for protection of the lens .
this seems like a limited value feature on the iphone .
many times i had to switch to my mobile s speaker phone rather then use this unit .
this charger worked like a champ for the first few months i had it ,  then suddenly it stopped .
this camera is very bulky compared with almost any camera  for the same resolution  out there in the market .
it is so stiff to open and close that i need two hands to do it comfortably .
when i turned it on to use it recently ,  it worked for about num_num sec .
these oxo units  look  like they are sturdier ,  better quality than other plastic units ,  but they aren t .
since i can t close the top ,  my cell phone tends to slide out of the bag .
maybe if you change everyday this could work ,  otherwise .
you could turn the volume down but not up .
the smaller version were fine but i don t know if it was the same vendor .
it remembers your last temperature and displays that instead of taking your current temp when you turn it on .
i have dry ,  brittle nails that peel and i thought with daily use this would improve .
i am looking for a new grain free canned cat food in the mean time .
i guess i just don t like earbuds in general .
it was so cheap in price but the item was also so cheap .
it stopped working after about num_num months though .
huge ,  long and bulky and the material isn t that soft for something you d pay for the price .
i bought this in the hope i would not have to turn off the canister or aeration devices .
another lesson on why i need to read reviews on products before buying .
the first were two small so i ordered a size larger ,  same results .
my suggestion would be to go to walgreens you will find better quality for less .
i wouldn t buy it again or recommend it unfortunately  :   .
bumper cases don t really provide protection for your phone .
this thermometer doesn t register the same temp as my other ,  more expensive professional thermometer .
i think the color is off ,  and it simply doesn t look right on me .
i gave these to my num_num year old to play with .
i did not expect this product to jus be a slip on case .
doesn t protect screen if phone place face down  doesn t cover the edges with a good lip  .
i had high hopes after reading several reviews .
either i received an old worn out ,  defective piece or it doesnt do what it claims .
aside from the hook and ear buds ,  the entire unit never touches my head .
i returned this and purchased the num_extend num_extend lens .
spend the extra couple dollars and get the better net .
it s a cute case but it s % useless .
i paid $ too much as used is under $ these days .
the fact is :  you get what you pay for .
the last package i bought from amazon were terrible .
i ordered a medium and even that one is not that much bigger .
i was eventually sent two rebate checks of $ each ,  a day apart .
too thick ,  does not apply smoothly and does not prime the skin .
so i really like the rack ,  but the progressive pot is unbelievably thin .
i am not one of those snobby audiophile people .
they are just not pretty to look at .
definitely not sharp enough to cut without discomfort .
in other words ,  the case houses a battery which charges the headset if cradled .
but for $ bucks ,  there is not much to complain about .
well was looking for something different in a hot cereal i like oatmeal but i do tire of it .
when i bought this case ,  i was looking for something that could eliminate my wallet .
i don t even have a very small head .
the item served its use; however not the quality i thought it was priced at .
the cup part fit well but the rest is just way too big .
when it does manage to stay on for the whole boil it is also slow to turn off .
i got a new one replaced by them but that had the same issue .
i really don t like leaving num_num star reviews .
i have only had it for num_num to num_num weeks and it is broken already .
finally i tried updating the software through a download from the linksys website .
next time i m in the market i ll get another presto num_extend
now place this chemicals on some meat ,  do think it will tenderize the meat .
i d give it num_num or num_num stars if i found one that worked .   .
the quality is not as good compare to isight ,  especially under low light conditions .
i purchased this item and i should have taken the advise from the reviews listed .
it doesn t really have a  scent  and it s not  perfumey  but i just could not get into it .
i had heard nothing but great things about this oil and couldn t wait to try it .
maybe the plastic was deformed ?  i don t know .
i stuck this thing to every inch of my phone and nothin .
i have owned this toy for num_num hours and this is just not what i was expecting at all .
personally ,  i think this cereal is wayyyyyyyyyy too sweet .
second ,  the black tint to the lenses do not block out as much sun as you believe they should .
others had the same problem that i read in the reviews .
both are barely glued on and came off very easily .
too expense and poor quality !  i don t understand how these received one good review .
i have not ,  however ,  been able to pair it with my ipad or my att pantech phone .
purchased new but this was dead on arrival .
i m very disappointed that this product has such a big flaw .
it has no rattles and i know this is the usual sound it makes .
i used flathead screwdrivers and pliers trying to get it off .
this will work ,  but it ain t no precision tool .
says it itches and is too heavy ,  then adding a phone makes it even more heavy .
the power cord is much shorter than the original .
i have had this vacuum about one year .
do i need an adaptor  .  .  . what kind of phone can i use ,  how does it connect to the tv .
but if you prefer balanced sound with rich bass ,  look elsewhere .
the ear buds do not keep it in my ear the way it is suppose to .
within num_num minutes i washed it off with soap and water .
it just doesn t provide what i m looking for .
it turns on and charges ,  however; your charge doesn t even last an hour .
the taste is ok but i don t think they taste like s mores .
tried it again at home after cleaning ,  it worked ok .
also ,  these gloves do not provide enough warmth .
i usually don t purchase anything without first reading the reviews .
the material is thinner ,  especially on the sole .
first of all ,  the unit is too small .
first of all ,  the coffee was never hot enough when it was brewed .
sexy no !  and they are so cheap looking .
after all that had happen to get it ,  it was not what i expected .
i put ear plugs in whenever i use it otherwise it is too troublesome .
it s sitting in my drawer i didn t bother to return because it was so inexpensive .
yet since i was reviewing and i am the only only to shop ,  i rated it with my viewpoint .
the only complaint i have is it s not loud enough .
just because it looks cool does not mean you should install it inside the car .
the label was also a sticker that can be pealed off .
remove the factory clip and the tabs that hold it .
the first one i received had a broken part .
pay a little more for num_extend and you wont regreat it .
i was hoping to get a bargain when i bought this for num_num dollars .
it lasted almost one year before it completely failed .
it is far too loud for indoor use .
so now i have an expensive pair of boots sitting in my closet holding down the carpet .
contact amazon and request an exchange for another one .
i m almost certain to spend more money in the process .
since it can perform at times ,  i suspect it s a software or firmware problem .
it s not that it s a bad company ,  or bad product per se .
note this regards the num_extend version ,  not the older one . basically the cable router part works ok .
i was excited i recieved it within a week but then it stopped working after a week .
no ,  that was the size they were meant to be .
regarding cleaning it ,  the enclosed pads don t do the job as well as water and some soap if neeed .
this item ,  although it s inexpensive is too cheap to bother with .
so buy num_extend and expect them to last somewhere between num_num and num_num days .
it is expensive little bottles and not much better .
i also wanted to stop buying expensive organic bread and begin making my own .
but after reading these reviews i m starting to think that they are all bad batches .
timberland is no longer made in nh ,  but china or some place like it .
the mount won t keep the phone upright enough to see it .
i wanted so badly to like this tea .
i read the reviews so i was expecting a solid product .
plastic screen is too big ,  causing the edge of the screen protector to catch on stuff and peel off .
i replaced my old num_extend with this one .
in short ,  i am very dissapointed with this one !  at any setting on the keurig ,  this coffee tastes terrible .
this makes it difficult and uncomfortable to use .
i have a num_num quart bowl ,  these are five quart lids ,  simple ?  no ,  not really .
this pan feels heavier than any of them though i doubt it actually is .
i do not recommend for people who constantly use their wireless internet .
it was thin and i really was not too surprised .
it would be helpful if they specified the battery here ,  in case someone wanted to waste time replacing it .
other than that you are not getting what you are paying for .
frankly speaking ,  i have some cheap plastic ones from many years ago that are made better than this .
have a num_extend twin reverb fender tube   ya get one hell of a hum .
maybe i got a defective product ,  but it did not rotate for me .
it s heavy on pepper and low on taste .
not as cool as i thought it wud look .
well ,  once again i got sucked into all these awesomely glowing reviews ,  but it s just not working for me .
i had also given them straight plug adapters .
it doesn t take up much storage space either .
have a lot of problems with the handle wiggling back and forth .
oh yeah this is a dumb charger also .
it charged my phone quickly ,  didn t have any connectivity problems .
from my experience it s more like num_num lbs .
it is thin thin thin and not at all worth the price .
when i put them in my ear ,  the leverback bent .
i would not recommend them . i bought a spindle of num_num as the price seemed like a pretty good deal .
i bought this several years ago and i m replacing it because it just doesn t get the job done .
again ,  i have a razr maxx and this item is for the razr maxx .
if you are super thin ,  this may work for you ,  but if you re overwight forget it .
is barely moving the water at one end of the num_num gallon tank that i have .
i didn t know that when i purchased it .
save your money and buy a new ups or oem battery .
i m not that big or that strong ,  i d say i was about average .
i didn t realize it would be smaller than my everyday carry pocketknife .
i m fairly disappointed with this ,  but it s not horrible .
the quality is not as goog as expected a $ num_extend
how this item has nearly num_num stars with num_extend reviews is beyond me .
after i bought it ,  i have not used them yet .
it is difficult to place the earpiece on my ear with glasses on .
one of the compartments broke the num_extend time i used it .
i was able to use pliers to re attach it but the quality is poor .
i ordered this product based upon the reviews ,  but i wish i hadn t .
but it does not provide the necessary protection for the screen .
it tended to go well with apple and pears ,  but not with orange ,  lemons or limes .
i sent it back as soon as i opened the package .
since i couldn t find one locally ,  i ordered this from amazon .
i do not recommend spending the money on this device .
the remote should control the volume but it changes the music which didn t bother me too much .
i ordered this product thinking it would make cleaning my kittens litter box easier .
i have tried over $ in different products ,  and this was one of them .
i purchased this to protect my iphone num_extend
so far ,  we re in the early days and that hasn t yet happened .
the problem with that is ,  they don t work very well for that either .
i don t know what more i would ever use ,  so i ve given this product a rating of four stars .
i would not buy this product again ,  there are better for the price .
the pictures really does not do it justice ,  nor does the description and dimensions .
i wanted a good screen not one that was dim and unusable .
so now i am back on amazon looking at getting a new rice cooker .
other coffee makers allow the lid to open without removing it . overall ,  i would not buy this coffee maker again .
and ,  the clip is ridiculously hard to unbuckle .
well ,  i had high hopes for this one but my dreams don t seem to be coming true .
i am returning this unit ,  and will likely purchase a different model in it s place .
i wanted to be able to watch videos on my ipad and still answer my phone with these .
i have used it about num_num times a week .
i am sure there are better products at amazon .
i ordered the black one but the lace is the same as the white one just black .
this case is cheap and the only protection your phone has is the for the back .
i cut an onion into quarters and dropped it in .
but the short live time of the battery makes them pretty much useless .
i wish it didn t ,  as i liked it ,  but i know it was not roughly treated .
unfortunately this item is more geared toward grasping larger items or round items .
this product was difficult to use and just didn t work for me .
overall the knife is not what i had expected from smith and wesson .
i use pandora ,  spotify ,  and amazon num_extend to play music .
sorry but i had to replace with something else .
but it was like $ when i bought it ,  so i m sure it s probably a piece of crap .
this is not the tecmo bowl that everyone loves .
it wasn t going to last as long as my old generic one .
as far as i can tell in my couple of hours in it s nearly identical to the num_num version .
now just a nice usb cord ,  but not a wall charger anymore .
meaning you mute the game and just turn something on in your stereo .
oh well i might buy a different shade next time ?  .
i was very disappointed in the rather muffled sound put out by this set of earphones .
this thing doesn t really look like the picture its cardboard and looks to cheap .
it messed up as soon as i got it and put it on my phone .
before drinking instant ,  i drank tea almost exclusively .
i have not had any problems with this brand .
unfortunately ,  that was not the case with this product .
it s much worse than the same oem battery that came with the phone originally .
this came and it s not nearly as soft as i thought as it almost has a waxy feel .
on the same settings as our old one ,  it would grind maybe a third of the coffee at most .
doing this doesn t flex or bend them and more than if i was just wearing the glasses alone .
not sure about an xt since it is smaller .
obviously a smaller ,  thinner mount with a heavier phone ,  but it is very distracting .
i decided to connect it all to my imac because i wouldn t have to leave while on the computer .
but ,  again ,  it s no good if it can t be tightened .
i kept it ,  but really am not using it .
it s not badly constructed ,  but seems too  plasticky  and lightweight for the cost .
things are hard to take apart for cleaning .
they claim leather but it is really faux leather aka .
don t leave it !  this will be a short process when you start cooking it .
a minor annoyance ,  but an annoyance num_extend the handset is groovy ,  but .
in terms of quality ,  this insole ranks is in the median  not the best but not the worse  .
i had to mess with it a little  i didn t do that before it started acting weird  .
there are other cleanses out there that won t hurt you .
again the chemical smell was quickly overbearing and i had to take another shower to scrub the oils off .
all of the shears are very cheaply made .
so the first thing about this is that it is too large .
i use lotus notes and an ibm num_extend client emulator to access my company s vpn from home .
i am definitely confused by the rave reviews .
i like speck s cases ,  so i thought i d try the screen protectors .
it doesn t slide around loose in it s packaging .
at best this headset purchase will be a crap shoot .
the diameter was larger than i anticipated so i don t like them very much .
another complaint is that it really isn t that durable .
this item was purchased for my wife s iphone initially .
and maybe i got a bad unit and the scroll wheel is golden on other units .
this was my first smartphone ,  and i knew nothing about android versions .
fit fine ,  if you don t drop your phone ever it s poor at best .
wanted to just wear around the house for the winter months which my feet gets cold .
these were purchased as replacement accessories for my old blue tooth which i use occasionally .
the controls were a little annoying ,  but you d get used to them .
this is the second one of these that has gave out on me .
just needed something to boil water for my morning coffee .
i have a num_extend hd num_extend television ,  yes it will do num_extend
maybe as a mixer for rum or something .  .  . but it is not my preference for an enjoyable drink .
usually amazon is competitive in pricing but not on this line of products .
i  bought local  and apparently overpaid by $ for this product which quickly became useless to use .
these are cute and comfortable but the quality is beyond poor .
it appears to be made of a low quality plastic or vinyl .
i have this switch behind a dsl modem .
despite being very pricey originally  almost $ the quality was really mediocre ,  poorer than fm stereo .
the blueant num_extend endure ear piece did not work well and i can t recommend it .
i rec d this product fast and i guess as descriped .
the cell phone service in my place isn t too bad .
is that supposed to be the espresso flavor ?  i have tasted many other things with a better coffee flavor .
but does not charge my tablet which was my main purpose of getting one .
fortunately ,  i had a car charger from a different nokia model that was compatible .
the water does not get hot enough to brew the coffee well ,  so it tastes weak .
those aren t selectable settings ,  but the way you choose to play .
feels like cheaper plastic ,  and i feel hard to insert iphone num_extend
i put my phone in to charge as well as the battery and nothing happens .
it smells nice when brewing ,  but doesn t taste like french toast .
my knives started to rust after num_extend of use .
it does have a nice crunch but the taste is not so special ,  to my buds anyway .
low quality looks much better in the picit broke ten days after i bought it .
the part of the description that reads : product dimensions :  num_extend x num_num x num_extend inches ; num_num pounds .  . is wrong .
my bad for thinking this would fit the iphone num_extend without fail .
i found out that cleaning with the floormate was extremely time consuming .
i raised a cup to my mouth to drink coffee and smelled the powdery perfume smell in the cup .
i have rarely used mine and therefore have not experienced this problem .
it ll make plain ol  fashioned popcorn with no added oils in the microwave .
i was very disapointed when i opened the package .
did not work out the way i expected .
the holder doesn t feel real durable to me .
glad it was discounted but really isn t worth the batteries you have to buy to make the item funtctional .
this phone is such a hassle for me that i am quite burnt out .
i ve been using this shampoo for a week now .
it certainly won t work on the side of my stove ,  refrigerator or dishwasher where i wanted to use it .
i have nothing bad to say about this product and nothing good either .
i would give this num_num stars if i could but unfortunately i can t .
its okay ,  but i wouldnt buy it again .
they came in a plastic bag that was opened either during shipping or how i do not know .
luckily ,  it was less than $ so no big loss .
i ve been using on products for a little over a year now .
this product uses very cheap plastic for both the case and the inserts .
it s not thick at all if you use half a cup .
long story short ,  while this router was working ,  it worked fine .
i purchased this for the great reviews ,  but i must say i m not too impressed .
i tested both with same phone  blackberry  and set max volume levels on both phone and bluetooth .
then after awhile more i started to have problems .
once charged ,  this battery lasts about num_num hours without mush usage .
i don t understand the great reviews ,  for the phone ,  or for virgin mobile .  .  . both are terrible .
the sound quality on these headphones is not good .
and it s cheap ,  if anyone is looking !   : d .
however ,  if you re looking for protein  before or after a workout  ,  you ll get num_extend
the screen was scratched and the latch was cracked .
do not buy this item for your phone .
so each time i rinsed it out ,  following the directions to rinse for a few minutes .
the overall construction of the device is cheaply made .
the prices were almost identical but the other had a $ shipping fee .
while this is quite a sharp looking grinder ,  the grinding is not so sharp .
i will be returning this for a full refund no doubt .
i am glad i only bought one can to try it out .
my purpose in going this route was to eliminate some growing wrist pain .
i thought i would give this a try .  .  . i wish i had not .
this thing is humongous !  it takes up too much space .
they came off my bike because the buckle part comes easily undone the way it was made .
i had ordered num_num sets of these on nov num_extend and num_num set on nov num_extend
got this for my then new nexus one ,  the case protects the phone well but it breaks too often .
it would charge the battery but i couldn t use it to transfer data once it got like this .
and the coffee seems to get  bitter  rather quickly after brewing .
i ordered this case thinking that it was simply just a silicone glossy case .
it doesn t sound good either; i d say it sounds harsh and shrill .
the edges of screen protector won t stick  at least on my num_extend
my setup :  num_extend cable internet via a motorola surfboard fed to a router .
i ve used it on three separate occasions and honestly cannot say one way or another if it actually works .
very cheaply made with a thin covering of leather over padding to add substance .
it s like using plain water to wash the window or glass .
i just reordered num_num more wires and have started looking for a better slicer .
sometimes my husband uses this and i have to clean up a trail of mess .
but ,  this item did not reach my expectations .
i tried to like this product but i just couldn t .
with these scissors safety>function ,  they don t cut paper well and my kids find them very frustrating .
do yourself a favor and get a phone w a better processor .
i need my phone entirely protected ,  this only protects the back .
if you have small hands ,  probably not so much .
i wrote to amazon and they replaced but the same thing has happened .
when i pull the gun out of my pocket ,  the holster comes with it .
this charger appears from the picture that it would have a fairly long cord .
i didn t find it to be too particularly sour .
if there is another manufacturer of a similar product , i wish i had bought from it instead .
so ,  overall ,  i am displeased with the product .
it didn t burn or irritate my skin when i first applied .
so back it goes adn i ll have to buy some other model .
the case looks good but it functionally left a lot to be desired .
they were not only inexpensive but also cheap .
for this price ,  i would expect much better performance .
i m really not sure if this is the same product .
awful design on the hose  not flexible enough to reach without pulling the whole vacuume along or tipping over  .
i use headset so no idea how camera microphone sounds .
unfortunately ,  i did not read its description and customer reviews carefully enough and purchased it .
it just did not work so i sent it back to amazon .
i read over reviews on amazon before pulling the trigger on this set .
i have tried using this twice and gave up on it .
i am not happy with the color either .
if it gets gummed up or dirty ,  you wash it .
it was hard to put on and remove .
yes ,  it s extremely durable and it ll last a while .  .  . but ,  it smells awful .
like many other reviewers ,  these headphones did not fit my ears well .
the only thing that is good about this headset is the fit .
next time i might just get a waterproof case for my iphone or something .
the first thing i noticed when opening the package was the smell .
don t know what i m doing wrong ,  but this device was awful for me .
looks cheap compared to the previous ones i used .
this is very expensive and i expected more based on other reviews .
called amazon and they immediately took the credited my credit card for the amount i paid for it .
not as i had thought that it would be .
all it needs is some type of grips on the bottom .
here s a list of alternatives if you are being cautious about what you put onto your num_extend
product arrived with packaging intact but missing the shims required for installation in oversize bar ends .  .  . packaging fail .
as it is right now ,  however ,  i ll have to give it only num_num stars .
it may work for many people but it did not work out for me .
it is a pain to set up and use ,  it is not even worth it .
i purchased this machine a couple of months ago and have never had such lousy service .
simply speaking i would not purchase this item again .
after rebate ,  it is quite cheap anyway ,  so not much to lose .
i m going to see if it stays like that despite washing on whether to give it a lower rating .
it smells ok ,  the scent is not lasting and is too subtle .
it s more noticeable than ,  say ,  black ,  but not as much as i like .
i wish i had read the reviews on this product before i bought it .
if you want cheap plastic then go with this .
i don t hold a grudge towards this seller . i ll try them again .
unfortunately ,  i can t justify the purchase of this for several reasons .
the asiago gourmet cheese spread ,  while tasty ,  was a bit too creamy for my liking .
with this new charger the cord is out of the way when i m through using it .
i ,  like many cellphone users ,  was really excited when this product was announced .
have been using this for a week with my phone num_extend
gave it away to my sister to try .
if you are used to better quality sound ,  then you will notice the poor sound quality in these headphones .
however ,  it did not compare to my old one .
i use this for stirring in a fry pan so it wasn t subjected to high heat for long periods .
it s over priced piece of plastic and doesn t work .
in addition ,  after using this product for a few weeks ,  i started to break out .
my phone dropped maybe num_num feet on its back .
glad this was a freebie because it is very cheaply made .
if you intent to use wireless speakers spend some extra bones and get a different brand .
then it may last longer than a day .
i much prefer the plastic scrapers ,  and then a brush of some sort . this just didn t  cut it  with me .
i m not sure how well it will work but it is not a honeywell branded filter .
happy until it began getting very loose and falling apart after num_num months of use .
presently ,  i use it mainly to back up stuff off my tivo .
i review most items that i purchase from amazon and rarely do i have to give a bad review .
bought this has a num_extend spare cable for fiancee ,  it broke very quickly .
as advertised ,  but how is it worth $ should be $ tops .
so not worth the money spent for the item .
batteries did not charge ,  and tried several batteries to be sure it was the charger and not the batteries .
so although most people seem to have had success with this device ,  it didn t work for me .
my suggestion is buy a better protectors than these .
i really hate leaving a negative review for this product ,  especially in light of so many positive ones .
the body wash and lotion are just ok .
maybe i ll try putting them in the oven .
i looked through many of the reviews for myst here at amazon .
now it makes a grinding noise continuously while in use .
it seems like it works ,  but not very effective .
that made the plug to not fit in my ipod touch when i had the case on my device .
it simply does not cut it at this price .
it takes up a lot of space and does not stay together when assembled .
according to the motorola website you want the num_extend
i have sprayed it ,  washed it and put it outside to air it for days .
also was weirdly big for my phone .  . like i had to kind of jam it into my phone .
in a nutshell ,  not good battery life for the price .
the only thing useful is the adapter that came with it . don t get fooled by the cool dj look .
once running the player ,  you can turn volume up or down and pause .
when i put the oem battery back in ,  problems go away .
i m already big num_extend but this size is more for a num_num or num_extend
it s strictly a replacement if one gets broken or lost .
we bought another one ,  thinking that the first one was maybe just defective .
num_extend cost me $ total and also has num_extend
even while babying this device and using screen protectors ,  the screen develops tiny hairline scratches very quickly .
that s why its getting num_num stars instead of num_extend
the new model delivered the same great cup of coffee ,  for a total of num_num months ,  then it died .
and this was using breadman s own recipes ,  as well as some of my own .
for the money ,  they re ok ,  but not if you re looking for  medium .
also it doesnt come with any extra screws or any things so .
i am glad this was a cheap purchase as i quickly discarded it after it s initial use .
while initially the cleaner seems to work ,  it leaves behind a thin oily residue on the glass .
you peel a couple of vegetables ,  then chop them ,  then fry them with a shake of the wiimote .
i tried to show this in a picture i posted .
threw it out and now am searching for a good versatile pepper grinder that will not quit on me .
it s not like other cases where one face is open and you can see and use your phone .
i was getting this with subscribe and save for just under fourteen dollars .
soo ,  now i am off to find another immersion blender .
product seemed to dry very quickly when placed on face .
the stains come out and the carpet is left almost dry .
i have used this with no change at all .
now it makes sense to me why the price is so cheap . and black ?  forget about getting black .
these bridge the data lines so you don t have to worry about if the charger does it or not .
however this is a piece of plastic device .
i put the battery in my phone and it was only %
i had really hoped for a toaster that would at least make a decent slice of toast .
i paid num_extend for this at a  big lots  type store .
i just got a bunch of loose batteries .
it can be clunky and hard to get the can in place ,  and the blade doesn t always cut clean .
it might work for you ,  but it does not work for me .
had high hopes for these headphones but they disappointed me with excessive noises and static .
it s too heavy and cumbersome . perhaps that s partly because it does it s job too well .
i have never experienced this kind of bad taste in my life .
and also the color in the picture is not the color it comes in .
i tried this one for about num_num weeks .
the shorter cord means less stuff in my console area .
i was disappointed with this ,  mostly because it won t work with a case on your phone .
many reviewers agreed ,  but these headphones did not fit my head at all .
although the wired features work well ,  i have been unable to maintain a wireless connection  at num_num feet  .
i returned this as soon as i saw it .
according to amazon ,  i bought this back in june num_extend
doesn t matter which i put i m the  optimized  slot ,  only one charges when they re both plugged in .
i reached into the amazon box and pull out the exomount .
i swapped in an older router i had ,  and my lan was accessing the internet just fine .
works if you have cold soda and it s frozen .
i m just toting my iphone and leather case ,  like maybe num_num ounces .
i think it s because the battery is so chunky . aug .
i was extremely excited to test it out .
i d not give it any . lagging processor ,  unreliable build quality ,  os that kills the phone s usefulness .
this was a hard sell ,  especially with the price .
doesn t feel very sturdy ,  but i guess for the price it s okay .
we ended up sending it back about a week after we had it and bought a newer version .
the plastic holder on the handle does not always stay cool .
i will be keeping this around for emergencies ,  but not relying on it .
it didn t even charge my phone though it said it was ,  and it didn t fit in my phone right .
and despite paying a much higher price for this product on that assertion .
the cheap charger i bought at my local gas station lasted longer than this .
it feels pretty solid but it s not worth it if it looks like crap with just one wear .
as for me ,  i m returning the product and will check out other recommendations .
not only that ,  but the taste is  meh  at best .
wish i could find one with a different clipping mechanism on amazon .
they can t seem to make this product without the crappy quality rubber grabbers on the end falling off .
i give them two stars because i have heard worse headphones than these ,  so they aren t the worst .
i wish i had kept my old one .
for the price ,  this is a really bad thing to have happened num_num months after i purchased it .
and it was almost num_num degrees  celsius  cooler than before .
i was actually surpirised that something so cheap and lame existed .
although the colors are listed in the description ,  they do not jive . so there you have it .
when i first got this thermometer i thought i had gotten away with something .
but i just couldn t handle the taste of it ,  even mixed with something else .
the size of the keys themselves were not too large  min .
it might not work well ,  but neither does this .
it did not stick % to the screen .
these headphones are extremely flimsy and lack the kick needed to accurately reproduce music and even speech .
don t let the cheap price trick you into buying this .
so basically i pay more for the replacement than the original one .
i ve only used it about num_num times before that started .
i mean ,  the price is good ,  but it just doesn t do what it s designed to do .
it can be just as easily matched with duke nukem num_num for num_extend
advise purchaser to check the cost of replacement battery s before buying this .
they are about the thickness of those plastic cups that come with some egg dying kits .
seriously unimpressed with the amount of air this fan blows .
however ,  it ruined my screen protector and i had to purchase a new protector .
the back of my phone shattered when dropped some num_num feet from the floor .
i saw all the positive reviews on amazon and picked this piece  o junk up .
it goes from cable modem to ooma  voip  to apple extreme  dhcp server  to this switch .
i was constanly looking for the charger to plug it back in to top the battery off .
this happened almost every time i stir the tea up a bit .   .
not terrible just not overly impressed and i m a huge num_extend fan !  .
it smudges easily ,  it flakes ,  it doesn t even do much for volume .
last i checked this was num_num not num_extend
i installed this on a duplex outlet to protect my microwave and toaster  both with electronic controls  .
i really like now brand ,  but this product is no good .
sent to repair and was charged $ for it .
if you have trouble keeping headphones in your ears ,  get an inner ear style ,  not these .
you use it to blow air on stuff you don t want to touch .
i had it for only num_num days and i returned it .
i still use it ,  but i would never buy another one .
then the battery charge lasted less and less time .
based on all the great reviews ,  i ordered this and was really hoping that it would work .
i m num_extend and num_extend and the small size should have fit better .
cheaper in stores ,  but still not worth it .
i found the quality and the dollar value of this item to be inferior .
dont do it !  !  i purchased the combo pack as a gift to my daughter .
one thing to add ,  though ,  the mouse isn t very precise .
i had no troubles following the direction for seasoning the pan .
so ,  i upgraded the firmware and it only made it worse ,  afterwards it wouldn t play anything .
they last less then num_num hrs in most cases .
these bb s are very small not the nrmal size .
either the lid is poorly designed or just a bad fit .
it s just not a sweet taste ,  and that was what i expected .
i was very disappointed because i really like my pink cord for my iphone num_extend
do not buy it because the lower price and additional memory are not worth the extra hassle !  .
i must have missed the oversized part in the description ,  but these are crazy big .
fit is okay ,  feels to startchy and stiff for me .
the smell isn t great but if the product worked ,  i would tolerate it .
this food is at least in small flakes .
that being said ,  i had no problems getting the dough to extrude .
does not give out enough current to charge my samsung galaxy num_extend
they are also a little stiff and hard .
it bleeds into the feeling my hair possesses after using this product .
maybe if i had carpet i would like it .
about num_num hours previously ,  it had worked fine .
i was expecting this case to have better grip ,  but its somewhat slippery .
first ,  the case looks almost nothing like the picture .
i don t know why people like this case so much .
i ve been using this product daily expecting to see some positive results ,  but unfortunately i have not .
both cables are very short and barely reach anywhere .
while the size was big enough ,  the absorbent material was rather thin .
i used this food with one cat for five years and figured she was just a puker .
your fingers end up over the bend of the handle where it attaches to the pan .
overall the design of this type of coffee grinder is not ideal .
the tea did something wonky to my taste buds .
bought this after our num_num yr old hoover started leaking .
the first one i purchased over a year ago was made differently than the item being sold now .
that product seems too awesome to be bad .
for some reason my wife felt that these did not fit right as per their size .
this headset is uncomfortable with there only one size buds .
despite the visible texture on the back of the phone ,  it is very slippery .
this is the num_extend wireless phone jack i have purchased .
the dull blades mostly just beat up the food ,  and you ll have a helluva time acheiving fine mincing .
stays plugged in ,  but battery drains very quickly  within num_num minute of use  .
it is not my soundcard because it worked with my other speakers .
the paint is chipping off on the edges of the pieces after less than a month s use .
its made of the cheapest of materials and the bluetooth has a hard time staying connected .
save your money and get a more expensive aeg .
although when you re using it ,  it makes your eyes hurt .
just use a usb extension cable instead of this device .
in theory it should let me sync ,  get my books on the iphone too .
there are much better products available in the same category in this market .
moreover ,  the ear bud is not very comfortable .
save your money and get the glytone body lotion ,  which works .
that was really the only part i needed ,  and it s cheaper than getting it through otter box .
no ,  thank you . do yourself a favor and buy something else .
the crust mixture was the same and from the same batch .
it absorbs my nail marks ,  and any other nicks but i just doesn t look good .
it is not easy repacking and returning ,  waiting for credit or replacement .
i wish now that we had just replaced the cuisinart with the same model .
it seems extremely light weight and doesn t  feel  like real stainless steel ,  but i hope i m wrong .
you get what you pay for with this cord .
i did try cutting them but the edges were too sharp .
it also is held out away from my body so that it snags on things .
and ,  most importantly ,  since i only paid $ for this game ,  i don t really have too many complaints .
too tall for a kitchen counter top  i m short  and it s wobbly .
a more nutritious food will mean they eat less and poop less .
i discovered loose sealant around the bottom inside edges while cleaning .
this one is not worth the horrendous price .
these headphones are pretty much useless unless the line of sight is just about perfect .
for the price i paid ,  which has now gone up ,  this is a joke .
i guess that is what i am going to have to buy again .
not a very quality item even for $
the case also makes it hard to reach for the volume buttons .
the metal does not bend as much as i thought it would ,  even thought the blade is thin .
i have no idea if it is new or used .
i had no idea it was just instant coffee .
i purchased this product and it didn t work ,  sent it back to amazon to get replaced .
but within a few days ,  the skin under my arms started to peel very badly .
they sound ok but are built very cheaply .
perhaps mixed with other ingredients ie for no bake cookies .
i own several num_extend helis and a num_extend num_extend
because of the differences in the pans ,  i wanted to compare them in actual baking .
it just isn t practical to have to struggle to remove your phone when you need it from this case .
this adaptor will not charge an ipad and an iphone at the same time .
as i wear glasses i need to fold that cover down to allow my eyeglasses to touch the lens .
make sure you like this before you buy a num_num pack .
sony has num_extend recording while these have num_extend recording .
this de boles pasta has a really weird aftertaste .
its also to tight for my phone and literally so hard to get your phone out of the case .
a rich feature set does not provide much benefit when the basic functions do not work well .
but i found this stuff way too light weight and didn t do crap !  .
oh ,  and the battery cover is held in place by a very flimsy plastic clip .
much smaller than i thought they would be .
so i paid the obscene amount of money this ridiculous product cost .
i don t know if it is the battery or charger causing the problem .
i just think it should have performed better especially considering the price; maybe coffeemakers are not their forte  .
as said this product is announced as a cover for iphone num_extend
for $ what can i say ,  i don t feel ripped off or anything .
i ve had about num_num of these type of grills ,  a few of them george foreman .
replaced an old gameboy game  pokemon silver  battery ,  and it started leaking battery acid after num_num minutes .
i do not have a desire to be loaded with plastic in my system .
but looking at the other negative reviews here i m feeling less generous .
even though ?  i; never had any problems with it .
we superglued it back together and it lasted another num_num fills or so .
with a pack of num_num i expected to not have to buy new protectors until my phone was obsolete .
even though it is acrylic ,  it s a bit scratchy ,  not very soft .
spend the money for a lelo and you won t be sorry .
so it looks like this thing attenuates the signal too much for my system .
bought in jan num_extend put in portable phone that never gets used .
the teeny button you push to activate that function is not very reliable .
in particular ,  skype did not  find  the headset reliably .
i had purchased it for my sister ,  and she said she didn t want it .
i returned this product within days of purchasing it .
that way i don t accidentally activate video when i am trying to take a pic .
the name of this product is just misleading .
so i do know you get what you pay for .
this was another deal breaker for me . other concerns :  the sleeve adds additional bulk to the phone .
pretty cheap but i only got less than a week .
for some reason i have not been successful until i got on amazon and searched for it .
this charging unit ,  unfortunately ,  couldn t even fully repower my iphone num_extend one time .
i m usually a num_extend but they were feeling kind of tight ,  so i tried one cup size larger .
the old baseline iphone earbuds used to fall out of my ears all the time .
it seems possible that gillette may be letting go of some of their quality . sorry all but the blades suck .
well ,  i m still unimpressed by everything about this product .
i bought this recently ,  not paying attention to brand .
spend the extra money and get something with more power and a better design .
i ve had this product for num_num year and num_num months .
in my opinion this is not a quality product .
i expected more from this based on other reviews ,  but it s not good .
if i still had the box and receipt ,  i d return it .
i read the other reviews and was very excited and looking forward to trying my new  toys  .
i really suggest buying them directly from skechers which has them at $  less than i paid for them  .
i didn t pay much for it ,  so am disappointed but not a big deal .
i have it in a num_num num_extend oem stereo .
i hope other reviewers have a better experience ,  but i will not purchase this product again .
i buy a ton from amazon .  .  . actually almostdaily ,  and this price gauging just makes me mad .
unless you plan on remaining perfectly stationary while listening through your earphones keep shopping for more reliable headphones .
it grinds well ,  but after a month ,  it just stopped working .
too big ,  to cheap !  i have thinsulate gloves or i had until i lost one .
i am using it with a canon num_extend
i guess a num_num would fit that would be the largest shoe size i ever ordered .
and it is definitely not worth the price !  .
there is nothing wrong with the quality of this coffee .
the image quality for distant objects that are not in perfect focus is just off .
the hard plastic will snap if you try to take the case off .
it does not have the traditional cinnamon flavor that i love .
price wasn t bad ,  but you have to plug it in at a little bit of an angle to charge .
so i sent it out to ncstar for a replacement and they sent another one to me .
in the meantime ,  on the fence on how i feel about this product .
but if you re looking for anything beyond the most casual use ,  i d invest a bit more for something better .
personally ,  i think you can get a higher quality for the price somewhere else .
the rubber attracts dust like there s no tomorrow ,  specially in the camera viewer .
the phone was great num_num months ago ,  but now i just absolutely hate this thing .
but if you want to grind coffee beans ,  buy something else .
well i am unable to charge me cellphone so i do not use it .
too bad because i need a solution to charge on the go .
i now have two phones with bad charging ports because of these charges .
very expensive for a bunch os plastic that sits around .
i m sure it is good when fresh but horrible when it is too old .
they also didn t come together perfectly nor did they feel too sturdy although i didn t really test them .
i think it is still usable ,  but that seems wrong .
most of the time i am cooking for num_num to num_num persons .
it was with high hopes that i bought this expensive cuisinart skillet .
i tried replacing the old one with this ,  and it was terrible .
this case looks plastic and makes my iphone look cheap .
i was using the software that came with my wireless card to configure and connect .
i guess this is better used in food recipes ,  ill use the rest for that .
i reordered my conditioner on august num_extend num_extend
for the price ,  it didn t work as well as i thought it would .
it outlasted num_num minutes ,  but not by long .
honestly ,  this is not something pet owners want to have to deal with on a regular basis . not recommended .
the screen protector didn t stick on the edges and came off within a couple of days .
it has sound effects down and everything ,  but the music just stinks .
if i remember correctly they were made of some plastic and some eh ,  metal .
i m going to search for another new set now .  .  . sigh .
it mentions in several places to not let the dough come in contact with soap ,  liquid soap ,  or water .
my num_num yr old son bagged for this atm machine and i also bagged hid to choose something else .
i actually gave it away after two uses to my friend .
i have not experienced the thing peeing coffee all over the counter top as many have mentioned .
i restarted my console ,  but the glitch remained .
it will crease almost immediately and rubs off .
thought it would just be a spray but everytime you need to pump it and it doesn t leak .
i tried for a couple of days and returned it .
my old hat cost around twice as much .
i am probably returning both models that i purchased .
if you like it ,  invest on a better one in the future  such as buddy lee s for $
in a noisy place the music is hardly audible even at the highest volume .
i wish i could find a product that worked but it wasn t this one .
every time you unplug the case ,  it automatically goes into charge mode ,  trying to charge your iphone .
did not provide full coverage over the screen as the original samsung or a zagg screen protector .
the monster cable connector is not quite a tight enough fit which causes it to make a bad contact .
one side of the bread gradually goes from completely untoasted ,  to nearly burnt .
it s rubbish !  not a close shave when it worked .
maybe if you have short hair this might work better .
however ,  it seems a tad noisy to me .
it is much smaller and will not walk down stairs .
i have had my wm num_extend for num_num months .
i used it a few times and i wasn t impressed .
i had to actually cut some of the plastic off to make it work .
honestly ,  i think there s something wrong with this design .
i wouldnt purchase this again so dont waste your money .
very flimsy ,  lacks a lot of quality of any sort .
we bought this for my son s num_extend birthday and he seems to like it ,  but i am seriously disappointed .
i am not convinced that that upper material is made of leather .
what it indicates is not very accurate .  . the device is cheaply made .
lots of fat drains out of the meat !   .
for $ you get what you pay for .
too pricey for what it has to num_extend
the low price tag is a plus ,  but there are few other redeeming qualities with this dog food product .
they bottom is rather stiff and not flexible .
i have had the unit for over a year and can say it never functioned as a frother .
it did not have enough ooomph to open a tin can and that makes a can opener pretty worthless .
i had two of their brand cases and both broke soon after buying them .
there are scratches on the back of the case .
i was hoping for spectacular but ended up with below basic . the doll is very very cheap in person .
but for some reason it didn t fit my att version iphone num_extend
i have had these on back order for num_num or num_num months now .
num_extend the suction cups do not hold this is place very well .
i thought perhaps the opi was bad ,  but when i tried it with orly bonder ,  it worked just find .
just a warning ,  the shade of blue in the picture doesn t exactly match the color in the picture .
i have a num_num port powered usb hub below my desk .
it s not that great ,  it usually charges when it wants to .
the cover sags a bit after sometime and it does not fit perfectly anyways .
very dissatisfied !  after a good first purchase i was going to continue buying them but not after this purchase .
i thought i could have used them for outside wen i am on the go .
you re better off getting the num_extend free trial .
if your dog isn t super destructive ,  this would be fine .
first off ,  there isn t many pieces that come in this set .
the heater gave a modest amount of heat ,  surprisingly little given its bulk .
its a little embarrassing using this ugly thing when i really like the look and feel of my headphones .
does not hold the plug tightly ,  requires a wrap in electrical tape to keep connected .
i bought this when my breadman pan broke and i couldn t get a replacement .
it just stays too powerful until it is just near the end of running out of a charge .
i don t know if it has a dead battery or it is broken .
this product doesn t really offer much in the way of cleaning carpet messes .
i wear a size num_extend or num_extend so i ordered an num_num after reading other reviews .
if you just want  bump  in your music ,  it s ok .
extra fabric in a d .   it felt too big too exercize in .
the charging cable did arrive rather quickly and it does work ,  however ,  it is faulty .
for a $ surge protector ,  i would expect this unit to have quality construction .
it required num_num cups to equal the usual num_num oz can .
it will not work on my iphone num_extend
they said it would cost me  .  .  . to repair .
puroast low acid coffeeif all you want is low acid ,  try other beverages .
it was actually somewhat hard to continue shampooing the carpet while breathing in this odor .
i was just expecting something more substantial by this name and at this price point .
my phone falls out from time to time so i hardly use it .
the length is fine ,  the charger does not work .
so i ordered these in a size num_num and they feel like a size num_extend
it may work for other people but unfortunately it did not work for me .
i ordered two of these and one was doa as described in my original review .
i don t want to roll it up in my pocket .
i have nothing bad to say about it .
i tried to use this stuff for  healthier  oils .
after reading the reviews i was hoping it would help my redness out aswell .
this is just a weird crinkly plastic that looks much cheaper than it actually was .
but that s not how it looks in the photos .
once i got it ,  i put it on my phone and the plug didn t work properly .
i gave up and replaced it with an irock unit ,  which works infinitely better  i . e .
i had ,  unfortunately ,  very high expectations of this game .
i like coffee but this espresso coffee drink was too strong for me .
we ve had this router for a year and it was only running good for roughly num_num months .
i contacted the seller and wanted to return this product ,  and seller responded quickly .
the menu interface is probably more confusing than it needs to be ,  but you kinda get used to it .
what i call  standard  cups like the num_extend snow peak don t really fit well on top of this stove .
apparently it  might  also only contain about half that ,  in my case ,  num_num bags .
i was really looking forward to getting this product for  my num_num year old son to  review .
my buddy had to sharpen the crap out of the knife part .
i am using this mainly for mash potatoes .
i dropped my phone with this on and the screen broke .
in fact ,  i don t even know how it works .
the blades aren t dull since there is no pulling ,  but it just doesn t want to cut .
this was the num_extend one purchased at the same time .
i broke the case just trying to get it on my phone .
the colors ,  while very pigmented ,  were not very blendable in my opinion .
i had to swap back the wired wii sensor bar . perhaps i ve received a defective unit .
unfortunately ,  most of the flavor in peanut butter is in the oil  fat  .
also ,  they run very large  or does it just seem so because of the waist elastic ?   .
i would not recommend them; go with the scoshe over the ear headphones instead .
my first tub of shave soap is now filled with discarded bristles from this brush .
this candy is okay at num_num or num_num pieces per day ,  in my opinion .
some reviewers didn t seem bothered by the feel fo this ,  but a few others did .
in fact ,  there is no flavor ,  just overwhelming sweetness .
ability to have battery double a s or etc installed instead of using num_num hour support .
to top it off i had to pay to return them to get them replaced .
simple math tells you that they will need num_num or num_num times as much time to charge your battery .
they re only slightly slick when handling wet dishes but then add soap and i can t hold onto anything .
looked at the phone and the phone is flicking between charging and discharging continously .
the shoe was made nice enough but it just seemed uncomfortable on your feet !  .
for me ,  it barely lasted half a day .
in my order i requested a new dryer .
i bought these sony mdr num_extend about num_num months ago .
i contacted kensington and they sent me a replacement for free .
it was used probably num_num times at the most .
it could be the best battery but without having a good back cover this is just useless to me .
i should have looked more carefully at the size .
i say that because i just bought a sony num_extend lcos hdtv two months ago .
it s not about the product ,  per se ,  since it seems to work and function .
i would not buy it at full price .
i was just looking for a whistle when i first bought this .
save your money and just use a knife .
in this picture it looks like what it is but on amazon it didn t look like that .
it had a hole in it where the plastic had been folded up to fit in the box .
if your looking for something more serious buy a fixed blade buck ,  case , sog ,  or gerber knife .
all i got was a coupon and there items are higher than amazon wants .
when i first opened the bag of coffee i didn t like the smell of it either .
i prefer keeping my phone in my front shirt pocket ,  but that doesn t work so well with this headset .
i returned this product within num_num days of buying it .
the protector hung out over all four edges .
i could have just gone without this product to be completely honest and saved my money .
i like my new phone too much to see it fly out of my hand on onto the ground .
as amazon promised ,  the seller ,  mel pierce camera ,  contacted me within num_num hours .
i suppose it works for some people ,  but it definitely didn t do a thing for me .
unfortunately ,  after a couple of days it had deflated significatly .
i can t go without a screen shield no matter how great this esthetics are .
well let me tell you there is no worry about that with this product .
it also has too much garlic for my taste .
these headphones don t cost much and they aren t worth much ,  either .
really poorly designed  although the design does look great ,  i will give them that  .
for some people this may work .  .  . for me it did not .
i ll be replacing it with something less cheap and plastic .
maybe it works for some people but for me it was not worth the money .
i was so excited to get this and try it .
when the num_extend arrived i installed it and gave it a try but it was a great disappointment .
i still kinda thing in a cookie or something these might taste better . good :  no nothingbad :  the tasteoverall :  trash bin .
after reading the other reviews i had high hopes .
everything ,  even the brushes are made of this cheap plastic material .
glad i tried it ,  but would not recommend it .
it taste like coffee that has been sitting around in the pot for num_num hours .
now i have to make sure my keys are in the other pocket .
really disappointed ,  since most of the reviews were so good .
not only that ,  but i have a slight allergy that makes the bites burn for days .
i wasn t expecting much and somewhat prepared by the negative reviews here ,  but i am still dissaponted .
the case may look nice and all but the materials used into making it is below mediocre .
it felt very flimsy but i tried it and was afraid to drop phone .
needless to say it was not what i expected .
it will vary by individual but it didn t fit my ear .
i know this pen received good reviews ,  but i really don t understand that .
with this mistake ,  i ended up paying num_extend dollars for screen protectors ,  which is a bit ridiculous .
it contains some caffeine that i didn t feel ,  but that is probably because i drink coffee every morning .
then when i turned the volume up a quarter of the way ,  the sound was completely distorted .
i am waiting for the day that i can upgrade to the new iphone or android .
the light turns on ,  but there is no heat .
the device plugs don t stay in the sockets .
i decided to return them and amazon will provide a refund .
it has holes that are too big on some parts and too small on others .
i ve had this card for about one month so this is not a spur of the moment review .
even on low ,  it cooks much too hot .
you can wring the grease out of it .
it s num_num inch in diameter and num_num inches long .
let me preface this by saying that at $ there isn t much risk in buying this thermometer .
|i ve been using this mouse for about a week now .
now i need to change it every week .
this is how my grandmother used to do it with her old swingaway can opener .
save your num_num dollars or what ever it cost .
it was good while it lasted but it didnt last that long unfortunately .
i cannot put the unit back on my ear now because of the pain it causes .
peel off the rag and rinse it in the sink .
the reviews made this seem like a magical product ,  but in my experience ,  it s barely worked .
i guess that s one of the reasons why i figured i d give it a try .
i paid almost $ or so for a num_extend external card for my num_extend
i have been using it for about num_num months now with zero noticeable improvements .
it has a similar texture .  .  . nothing changed at all .
stupidly ,  i bought another one thinking the problem with the first one must have been a fluke .
not too bad but very flimsy and see through .
the sound quality is not very great and the dimension specs aren t specific enough .
if you don t acquire a taste for these during your imprintable years ,  be cautious about buying them now .
they were a gift for my mother for mother s day ,  couldn t even give them too her .
an expensive product with sleek look ,  but poor manufacturing quality .
sound quality is fuzzy at best ,  even when it s sitting less than num_num feet away from the radio .
i know not all products work the same for everyone .
this worked at first ,  but then it became very finicky .
this product may have been put on amazon by mistake .
in cooking ,  with tomato sauce ,  if you mix it with real salt ,  you need much less salt .
cheap ,  but what u pay for is what you get .
i bought this six months ago and finally gave up on it .
the magnet fastener seems like a good idea ,  but it s not too practical in use .
these batteries need longer charge times to cycle properly .
the iphone really needs a horizontal case like this one .
its super cheap and i don t mean the price .
i was hoping this would be a cheap alternative ,  but oh well .
i should have ordered the usb one ,  but i figured this would be better .
you can see a num_extend inch wear mark of where the holster rubs against the pistols .
i ve owned others for different phones but this one for the num_extend didn t work well at all .
the only good thing i can say is that it doesn t have an odor at all .
i know it didn t cost much but we thought it would at least last longer than num_num day .
when it arrived ,  it was so heavy and bulky .
i rinse it out daily ,  but the rust still appears .
i am returning to amazon for a refund .
another short one was on the lip where you hold it when hot .
it dries fairly fast ,  but i still have had my polish smudge after almost num_num minutes of dry time .
and it also the protector wasn t cut to fit the screen properly .
cheaply made ,  don t fit in charger without falling out alot ,  can t turn head without sound going out .
i received the product quickly ,  however the numbing was minimal .
this stuff is supposed to be mixed with water or juice .
it s feb num_extend and i ordered this product on jan num_extend
get a microplane ,  or maybe a different zester ,  but this one is a turd .
i am returning it for a competing model .
second ,  it s way too heavy; it sags and bends from it s own weight .
this saw is junk as a number of other reviewers stated .
they claim that smart phone chargers provide too many amps ,  and that this fries the external battery .
it could be modified to work ,  but it would require a lot of cutting and sewing .
i guess sitting in the phone pocket of my purse is too much .
it will probably sit in my fridge until it expires .
$ + $ i got a mimo router and a print server for num_num printers  and num_num computers  .
in doubt ,  i m giving it num_num stars ,  but i returned it anyway .
they are very thin and kind of flimsy though .
i didn t mind having to put batteries in the toy .
i ve had several oil sprayers ,  the first of which was a misto .
first ,  it is grossly overpriced and not worth the money .
so what ?  it still works terribly . my main gripe is that this vacuum cannot clean hard floors .
plus ,  i think a little of the coloring has gone down ,  but it is hard to tell .
i wish that i had gotten a different one .
i am allll for inexpensive products ,  but this one isnt it .
i thought it was stiff like a ruler .
helps to add an extra layer of protection but after the first drop ,  it doesn t do much .
if you think that the only company making screen protectors for nds would do it right .  .  . your horribliy wrong .
my system s probably slower ,  but guess at least it works .
i ordered a replacement and i tried it .
i just bought these and then saw them for a few cents less at walmart and no shipping costs .
fortunately ,  no one spent a lot of money on them ,  because they really seem cheap to me .
if falls off when you pull the phone out of your pocket ,  and the battery falls num_extend
let s see ,  i wrote a review for this toy where most others left their reviews .
not worth the money unless you get it for cheap on ebay .
not to impressed and i will not buy a again especially for the price .
such a waste ,  though i did remove its batteries and use them for my remote .
you get what you pay for in this case .
considering the cost ,  that may not be too bad .
i really wanted to like this product but it just does not perform up to expectations .
got rid of my former waffle maker  very similar to this one  because the waffles started sticking .
this bra was too big and made me look very pointy .
i most likely wont be purchasing these again .
maybe i didn t have more ,  but for the money expected a little better quality and results .
would not of purchased if i had know it was made so poorly .
there is one major flaw with this case .
it was sealed by plastic and there was a seal under the lid .
now ,  if i had gotten num_extend when it first came out ,  i might have been impressed .
then they don t come clean in the dishwasher like they should .
this is not the rubbery type of nylabone .
it shouldn t be a daily chore just to connect your headset to your computer .
it is also hard to clean and cheaply made .
i was going togive this num_num stars but i cant .
the product consistently had trouble pairing with my iphone num_extend
maybe i didn t know what i was buying . p . s .
the item that i received was samsung galaxy num_extend hercules .
but as of late ,  i m getting very poor performance out of this battery .
i ve never had so much trouble with a vacuum .
it worked fine for what we needed it for ,  but the quality was pretty amazingly bad .
when i got them i realized they wayyyyy toooo small .
for some reason due to the additives it has ,  it corrodes aluminum parts .
everything else  clips ,  combs ,  and brushes  is cheap ,  num_extend rate ,  brittle plastic .
i purchased a sony num_extend to play video games .
i don t see any special results with this cleaner .
instead ,  it s like a combination cleaning solvent and car air freshener .
after setting up i tried to attach to my wired lan through the num_extend
the cheese was actually more of a  cheese food  like what you might get in a gift basket .
the problem for me is ,  will it work .
update :  i stopped using this product after ring out that it is not num_extend as other opi polished .
there s something weird with the keyboard layout that makes texting really num_extend
so ,  once again i asked for a replacement .
i will add that i did not notice any taste difference in the foods i have used it in .
then ,  i had to take my iphone num_extend out of its case to fit it in this band .
it s cheap and not really functional for me .
use the litter for an oil absorbent if you don t own a cat .
now in less than a month the new and improved alligator clip broke when i was entering my car .
overall ,  it was ok ,  not exciting and really after a bit ,  boring .
you get num_num total pkgs of num_num pieces each .
i think that the battery just gets drained so fast as the unit searches so hard for a signal .
i bought this thinking it would have a significantly loud beep .
the carafe has a tiny num_extend opening that doesn t allow for easy cleaning .
two times ,  the coffee went all over the brewing part and not a straight shot into the cup .
wrong !  not the right size and fit smaller than expected .
i have a num_extend and i don t even want the others .
i paid less than $ for the iterm .
i added one teaspoon of the paste and tasted .  .  . mostly sugar ,  with a hint of vanilla .
hence i gave it num_num stars instead of num_extend
my bad !  i do not recommend overpaying for this item .
it leaks olive oil all around the nozzle .
i give them away as cheap gifts to friends .
it is very cheap plastic pieces that snap together .
unfortunately ,  the case is way too big for it .
the range probably gets reduced due to the audio being stereo .  .  .  ?  ?  ?  ?   just gessing  .
it dissolves poorly ,  though it does effervesce nicely ,  once you finally get it mixed .
i am disappointed that it doesn t seem to match any of the reviews or the picture .
i notified amazon that i received the wrong item .
poor sound quality ,  made my ears hurt after half an hour because they don t fit around the ears .
no problem for about a year and a half .
i put it back on and tried again .
it is a little larger than i thought ,  being very thin at the expense of width and length .
so ,  they sent me the cheaper one when i ordered the num_extend
i had the guy send me a new one and that one didn t work either .
i expected them to be actual sunglasses but they do little to protect my eyes from uv rays .
i m giving this product num_num stars instead of num_num since it has a dual purpose .
no need to sync with your pc or mac .
i guess i should have read the product description more carefully .
this broke the first or second time it fell . the sound quality is ok .
i ordered this in one whole cup size too small .  .  .  . because they didn t have my size .
it s slightly less litter but lasts longer and smells less  scented ?   ime .
i think they are a smidgen short in length also .
i have a dell inspiron num_num which has num_num slots .
i ll admit ,  i am reviewing a product i have not used .
i purchased this for myself and have only used it once .
i used this cable to replace an old cable that had to be spliced to make it long enough .
my dogs like the tastier ,  cheaper dog food like kibbles and bits and beneful .
i wanted to like it ,  but it was just awful .
i wish i had purchased another electric one instead of this .
it isn t really ugly ,  but i wouldn t build a room around it .
i guess the price was too good to be true .
i gave this new product a try but it is definitely not for me .
the case itself is okay but not to my preference .
i just wasn t happy with the fit for my ear .
it arrived very fast ,  so nothing bad to say there .
it does not go all the way in so you need a case to fit .
these headphones are old school ,  and will not work on the newer model tvs .
if you want something that you can rely on for years to come ,  buy something else .
it really isn t for small lenses ,  like on gadgets .
purchased to hold my iphone num_extend to dash of my new num_num passat .
sometimes add some salt ,  but don t add too much salt or it won t work at all .
the ones i ve used have barely made a week .
i compared this cereal to other cereals in my pantry .
better off going back to my bargain brand !  bought my other for about $ num_num years ago .
i am ,  however ,  going to look for a different style .
therefore ,  i give this product one star because i can t give it zero .
my problem ,  like many others ,  is that the product comes from china .
i no longer have a small behind ,  but i m not obese either .
it s too long on the top and bottom and not wide enough on the sides .
we have a bunn coffee maker with the slow sprayhead and a capresso burr grinder .
but i reiterate ,  this product is designed for a short lifespan .
i gave it to my num_num lb lab mix puppy anyway ,  since i had already bought it .
the quality of this product seems to be alright ,  but it doesnt fit my num_extend
but the last pair i bought hardly clung to my ear and the sound quality was horrendous .
blade grinders may not be good for the coffee but the one i had lasted forever .
i have two num_extend num_extend num_num port gigabit switches and one num_extend
it has been laying around for a year .
i notice nothing from using this all week .
i ended up making this ,  adding more sugar to it ,  then adding more coffee .
i think the week wait was a little much .
so it was really a crunchy shortbread cookie with a speckle that might have been chocolate .
i should have read the amazon review first  not very good  and bought something here  cheaper  .
there may be lots of other healthy ingredients in this cream ,  like aloe ,  wheat germ ,  etc .
i am not one to normally complains about smells .
i was expecting a lot from this product ,  based on the other reviews .
returned it because when i got it it was tooooo big for my counter .
it also scratched up the sides of the blade about an inch from the edge .
this item was not only entirely different from the one i got ,  mine was in pieces .
they looked the exact same as what is pictured here on amazon .
i ve tried several of the other jerky flavors ,  thai peanut ,  barbecue ,  teriyaki etc .
after about num_num minutes i had to go in and wash it off .
fortunately ,  i was still within my num_num days ,  and returned it for a refund .
the charger couldn t give % at most times .
based on some reviews ,  i hoped to use this case with my iphone num_extend and a slim case attached .
this is my second time buying an extended battery and the same results .
skip it and look for alternatives . background :  i carry an iphone num_extend
i like the look but man this thing is cheapo .
remember they are plastic and given the pricing one should not expect more .
for starters ,  it s very bulky and heavy for little hands .
once rinsed out ,  it s like i didn t even use conditioner .
the brush drops off with my first use . plastics are cheaply made .
again it worked for about num_num weeks and after that kaput .
$ for num_num num_extend batteries is very overpriced .
the blade was cut and split by the metal edge of the jar .
i got a timer with a malfunctioning led display .
i know that s not a bad thing but i like it to turn off completely .
you should spend a few dollars more and get a better ball .
first the sheer size of the earbud means that it cannot fit comfortably in your ear .
i restart it every few weeks ,  and there are never any problems .
i didn t pay much for these ,  but i guess you get what you pay for .
it is not a very thick case ,  and is hard .
i bought this item thinking that it was a compression sock .
that is the only reason it got num_num stars in my rating .
i wanted this bread tray to match what i already have .
either way you will be replacing your otterbox after num_num months .
its just that their isn t anything special about it .
i day ,  i plugged my phone up in my car adapter assuming it was charging .
friends said the they had some troubles hearing me at times ,  it picks up alot of background noise .
i have had reliability issues with the product since its arrival .
sound ,  while ok ,  is not up to the sound from an unrecorded program  also slightly fuzzy  .
the num_extend itself is an ok num_extend device ,  but i had more connection flakiness with it than i expected .
in this shoe ,  there is too much volume in the front for my feet .
there s just a slight smell from it but its nothing offensive at all ,  reminded me of yogurt .
that might be biased on my part because ,  i read reviews that compared them to real life .
i think the sound is poor and could be a little better .
for this reason ,  i can only give it num_num stars .
too bad as the price is so low it does not warrant returns .
i wanted a stylus for a touchscreen phone and they sent me a stylus for a palm device .
returned both then placed an order for another pair .
the taste isn t all that bad ,  it does have an eggy flavor to it though .
although i had trouble setting it i think i would get better at it after repeated settings .
my wife went threw the first phone due to the protection it scratche up real fast .
granted ,  this was only $ but still ,  i wanted it to work .
after num_num yrs ,  i m ready for a new phone anyway .
the case was very loose fitting and is not made well .
it doesn t taste good ,  but it s not really repugnant either .
i read that on other reviews but did not think much of it until i tried these on .
the scent is barely there so it leaves no smell in your hair .
still i would say it is only worth $
doesn t work with my phone if in a case .
but i m not a fan of the puroast low acid coffee ,  french roast .
i went through three of them before i could get one on right .
these were too small for my face  and i don t have a big face  .
not pleased how i was misled by these favorable reviews for this product .
this stuff is difficult to apply ,  near impossible to remove and doesn t leave a good finish .
now the whole inside is just plain stainless steel .
to be fair ,  my sister purchased the same product and has no problem with it at all .
i often use canned items such as cranberry sauce or tomato paste .
they aren t bad but will taste better if you add tbs .
the older models have a num_num piece magnet and are no trouble .
since the unit is new out of the box ,  it s going back for replacement  circuit city  .
even if it gets discounted to $ i will still not buy it .
pretty small portion but as a snack it s relatively low in calories .
not really worth the money in my opinion .
and ,  my foamboard and aluminum trays were much less expensive than the price of this stow and go .
if i were only reviewing the comfort of these headphone i d give them num_num stars .
i buy a num_num pack of these for $ for my coworkers for their droid x phones .
it s not one of the dark black boxy electronics you usually associate with this type of product .
i tried to use it again and barely anything would come out .
i also do not usually write bad reviews .
i received this machine as a replacement for a previous dvd recorder  philips num_extend that philips could not repair .
i discarded broken ones and decided to order new ones to add to the num_num year old ones .
my grammie uses tracfone because it is so cheap .
i m guessing the micro usb connector went inop .
it smelled okay but it has a little alcohol smell .
it will not keep the phone is the same position .
it took about num_num hours to charge the phone about % of my thunderbolt s battery .
there is cheap plastic in the housing for the battery .
it came really fast !  when i opened it and noticed it it was broken on the side .
i hate rating one star but i can t help but severely dislike this product .
i have tried twice to order this product .
the only thing good about this is that i can control musicmatch with the remote .
this item looks nice but i got what i payed for this item is cheap and not well made .
some people said  oh ,  give it time ,  it will wear in  .
these work to an extent but are obviously not for everyone .
in the dishwasher ,  it affected everything else s cleanliness .
this would be ok if the num_extend length was noted on the description .
whatever it was came off along with the coating .  so okay .
we dontated this toy not long after buying it .
c under counter maker would be nice if it had a thermal carafe .
i purchased this toy after reading num_num reviews which gave the toy an average of num_extend stars .
not saying that this product is a bad product ,  just didn t work for me .
received this product and it was damaged when i received it .
and the street lights don t work correctly ,  when the light turns green the cars don t always go .
i read the reviews and i was very excited to get this for my little one .
only had to use it for a day or two because that cellphone broke .
this cable may be just fine ,  but it was not what was advertised and what i paid for .
my old one was the exact same design ,  but by another maker  grill max ,  i think  .
num_num minutes is all it takes to set up the laptops and computer .
if you store your tools in a drawer ,  this probably wouldn t be much of a problem .
of course i ll use them; but ,  will be shopping other brands as needed .
may work for some folks; but not for me .
oh ,  at least the belt clip hasn t broken yet ,  even though it keeps slipping off my belt .
after using more expensive knives this knife feels cheap and flimsy .
i contacted the seller and the sent me a replacement which took another num_num days to arrive .
the only good thing ?  amazon refunded my money without an issue .
so no worries about screen clarity ,  bubbles ,  etc .
my stereo is digital ,  most of my radios are dial :  didn t matter .
better to just buy full price charger instead of crap products .
i thought it tasted like a weight loss shake .
it literally made a strain on my eyes to view through .
not crooked and bent from shipping but from design .
it leaves a taste in the back of your throat that i know sounds weird but it does lol .
i use the power cube ,  the dual num_num battery pack  reviewed separately and ipod dock .
i didn t think that was a bad price until i received the bags and felt how cheap they are .
it s cheap ,  but you do get what you pay for in this case .
this is basically a very thick hard plastic that reminds me of a baby toy .
this made my phone look snazzy but it will not protect your phone if you drop it .
never again will i spend so much money for a phone with moving parts .
and they are soo smooth it just feels lame .
and once again ,  another device that does not charge  the new ipad  ,  but claims to charge the ipad .
the price was right ,  just didn t work for us .
can t wait to try them again after charging them on my previously purchased ,  and working fine ,  eneloop charger .
i gave it two weeks ,  but it didn t wear in .
product line is awesome ,  just not this flavor .
it is pretty loud and cannot be adjusted or turned off .
this may work well with a sony phone ,  but as a bluetooth device ,  it pretty much draws a vacuum .
not sure why i bought this in the first place .
this thing was not difficult to put together .  .  .  . if you have the parts .
it doesnt sit up high enought for me .
but it s only a deal if you buy enough for free shipping $ min purchase  .
i was excited because the package said you can use it in the laundry .
bought phone to replace num_extend which is giving me ram memory problems .
i guess the cheap price decides the quality in this case .
i then received an ra number and shipping label via email .
i ordered a num_extend normally i wear a num_extend
i know this is an inexpensive product ,  but it really is not worth the money .
my nails are actually more dry and damaged since i began using this .
the buttons were very easy to operate . bad :  it felt really cheap .
everything else i have is linksys  router ,  wireless b and wireless b+g  .
someday i might need to have my information portable .
just not my style ,  although i ve had a different gel case that i really liked .
oh my gawd ,  i can t believe they re still selling these .
as far as it goes ,  it s marginally ok .
too bad ,  it was acceptable before  although not the sturdiest unit in the world  .
also if you have little kids ,  there are toys laying around .
i m glad it works for some but just not for us .
this product did not work on my phone ,  but it was cool though .
they don t fit well ,  and you cant wear large headphones .
tried to reset but it would not connect .
also ,  it said that you can save an old deodorant container to fill with this .
i m going to replace it with something more stable .
there is no feedback noise associated with this power adapter ,  in either music or cd mode .
at first ,  i thought there was something wrong with my unit .
save your money and buy a better made unit !  .
else i don t feel like carrying it with me when i ought to .
i bought this pot and after reading reviews i realized it was not the pot they made years ago .
i received these as part of a knife set and was very disappointed .
i was really looking forward to having this tea because of all the positive reviews .
maybe i can find another use for them .
i thought small size and lack of features would mean hassle free use .
i am not even convinced it truly is coffee .
this item should be no more than $
the product that i entered into the search engine at amazon was  att samsung galaxy num_extend sky rocket  .
while it will charge ,  it simply won t connect to the computer via usb .
i only use mine in my electric oven now .
these blades cost two to three times that  depending on the availability of a rebate  .
it s not terribly distorted  so i know all the hardware is working as designed  ,  but it is noticeably distorted .
looked nice though ,  shame it is not up to par .
currently in my box of  miscellaneous junk stuff  .
unlike a few other reviewers ,  i had no problem with the fitting of the headphones or the charging cradle .
i would not purchase this product on my own .
i read all of the reviews on amazon and other sites before deciding to buy these .
the outer packaging arrived in good shape so i do not think the problem was with the mailing .
when trying to put on the phone the screen protector scratched .
at first ,  this cable did what it said .
don t waste your time or money on these ,  spend a little more and get a better quality protector .
it s hard to write a review on a food product ,  since taste is a very subjective matter .
also ,  the polish is thick and apparently old .
i really wanted to like this coffee ,  but to no avail .
i guess i just got a bad battery or something .
for one ,  it is too thick and wide to fit some of my pants .
and then when i put in the batteries it did not work .
it is exasperating how easy it is to spill the dirty liquid . this machine is not worth the trouble .
despite the bad reviews ,  i had hoped deep down inside this would be a winner .
the cookie themselves have a very crumbly texture and break up in your mouth into nothingness .
contacted seller who quickly sent me another unit .
i did not care for this item and unfortunately i bought two .
perhaps my phone is just to quiet for this device .
i ve made pizza before and never had problems making the dough and having it rise .
the jacket is advertised as genuine leather but it s paper thin and appears to be pleather .
here is a product that even though i own ,  i still don t fully understand .
normally this brand is good ,  but these did not work out at all .
also ,  the ice keeps cold for about num_num minutes .
either way ,  it worked for num_num months and then it didn t ,  and that s disappointing .
too much maintenance for a machine ,  if you ask me .
i wanted something to keep my freshly brewed coffee hot without the continued  cooking  on my coffeemaker .
they definitely are making these as cheap as possible ,  save your money .
i was expecting it to be really awesome .
but ,  on black cars especially ,  it does not give a nice deep glossy or  wet look  shine .
again ,  went to buy another and the price had gone up .
first purchased the syma num_extend then this syma apache num_extend
that slight bump is supposed to secure it from unscrewing .
the volume with the headphones is lower than without them .
plugging it in to a charger causes that problem to go away at once .
would have to take batteries out and put back in .
very small n probably not good enough to use other then once n a while .
there are other brands that taste much better .
others had given these a really good review ,  and i don t know why .
if not for the packets puffing ,  i d give the product num_num stars .
i have been using this product for only one month .
i was frankly somewhat unimpressed with this product .
but this battery died after few months i bought it .
i purchased this to replace a broken pill gun .
i tried lemons and limes and both times it left lots of juice and pulp in the fruit .
finish was somewhat cheap ,  but for the price couldn t really have expected more .
but don t waste your money ,  because it only works well for a few days .
this is probably because the components are cheap chinese plastic .
when i replaced my plam vx with the num_extend i was shocked at the difficulties with the usb hotsync .
they keep falling off my not so perfectly shaped ears .
the socket is the one for the num_extend
if you are buying this for the num_extend don t bother .
i had solved all my phone battery problems by having two batteries and this spare charger .
i m starting to have issues with this after a few months of use .
i wiggled it a bit  as i would to get my cable into my phone  and it started charging .
but if not ,  just be careful with your phone !  .
i got this same stuff from them for my motorola rizr num_extend phone .
note :  i purchased it from another website at a much higher price .
takes some getting used to but not for me .
mine is in the bathroom where one of the more liked litter boxes resides .
it is also made of very cheap plastic ,  not high quality plastic like tupperware or rubbermaid products .
i would not advise buying this product ,  even if it was cheap .
and i ve had several for over num_num years .
my phone seemed to discharge very rapidly and not charge at all .
it does not fit my iphone num_extend with an otterbox defender case .
i was super stoked to have purchased this ,  but when it finally came in the mail i was disappointed .
i ordered a size num_extend which is what i usually wear .
i received one of these for christmas num_num months ago and have had to replace it twice already .
the only positive about this earpiece is that it s pretty .
i just wanted to try it out to see if making my own mix would work .
i would have given this num_num star but i really didn t hate it .
i have to replace this $ investment with other rice cooker after using it for num_num years .
it is messy to use along with the applicator .
a num_extend charger is supposed to be able to charge at num_extend
there are screw holes in the handle so that you can easily store it on the wall if desired .
so i figured the num_extend version would be just the same .
i purchased this charger as a replacement for the one i lost .
when i received this ,  i was surprised how small the container was .
it hasn t actually broken yet ,  but i feel it is only a matter of time .
the problem however is that it just doesn t hold up well under heavy use .
by the next day they had refunded my money .
it was better ,  but still not to my liking .
so i m going to say that the quality of this product is below average ,  at this point .
it s rather large in size ,  doesn t fit well into one s pocket .
i wanted to use for listening to podcasts and music as well as the telephone functions .
i have other netgear products and i m a fan but not with this product .
the opening is limited by the design of the clasp opening in .
i have mixed feelings about this linguine product .
they get kind of dirty and they re a little bit difficult to clean .
i expected it to stay on a little longer than it did .
this does not charge nearly as fast as the original .
that may be fine for things like shoes ,  but for car leather ,  especially dashboards ,  it s not good .
those are about the only good points about this cleaner .
i feel like it moves around too easily since it is so light .
this product runs very ,  very ,  small in comparison to the sizing chart .
not much else to say about a battery !  .
it also broke the second time i used it ,  making it very much not worth the $
a part of me knows i probably shouldn t ding a product just because it arrives doa .
i didn t know this when i bought it and it didn t say anything about it in the product description .
when you put the polish on you only get clear with maybe a few sparkles literally .
it also takes hardly any time to complete .
the teapot was lovely and heavy duty but it arrived broken .
first time trying one of these ,  and i m not impressed .
i m a little disappointed ,  and for the price ,  probably should have known better .
i guess artisan bread being what it is ,  just isn t geared to toast well .
so imagine my disappointment when i tried them on and they were too big .
maybe it works ,  but not as i d expect .
but when i actually used it ,  i realized it s not a very good mandoline .
when an firmware upgrade was available num_extend i though that upgrading would solve my problems .
why in the world would you pay an extra $ to get it from amazon ?  ?  ?  .
reading the reviews i have seen others mention this and it is a real negative .
all told ,  only the blade seems fine .  .  . so far .
it will probably sit on my shelf forever .
no ,  i don t need to put my whole hands inside ,  but with these only a thin wallet would fit .
i don t know why the reviews here are so glowing .
maybe the black color is supposed to be chic .
the connector has become wiggly and will disconnect ,  leaving both my phone and backup battery uncharged .
they do not look feminine and the fabric does not feel like a toe sack .
i didn t miss any steps or try to do it without reading the instructions ,  though .
i should have paid closer attention to the product description before buying this under amazon s bargain bin .
this is cheap ,  but it is also very flimsy and small .
i m writing amazon for a refund after my review .
my problem is that it does not fit the phone .
i mean ,  it cleans it i guess and stains my fingers but my hair is the same .
in fact ,  i just saw it at a retail store for $  yes ,  six  and passed on it .
i used them on my iphone num_num and i can t put them in my back pocket anymore .
but i shouldn t expected much since they were cheap .
considering these were $ more than the old ones ,  i was really hoping to get the same quality stuff .
it has stayed at % charging for more than num_num hours .
for $ i guess it doesn t matter but still ,  not the item pictured .
while the new model might work for some ,  it does not work for me .
this product was pretty inexpensive so i had no expectations .
the last few times i have bought new blades they have been dull and uncomfortable to use .
the battery compartment was almost too small for the aaa battery .
the small print said that the bowl would fit my sunbeam mixer .
the finish is very easily removed or faded with little more than damp or sweaty hands .
after receipt of this knife ,  i thru it in the drawer and ordered another .
i am going to try my luck with another brand .
they were just too small for me and my eyes .
this turned out to be too big ,  so i ordered a size num_extend
if i see over num_num bad reviews then its a bad device coming from amazon .
i also like the brush to be very stiff .
also i think i fought the wrong size .
they are much pricier but taste like the baked goods i am used to .
the reading was higher after i had cleaned it and ran tap water through it .
the cupcakes didn t brown as they do in metal pans .
my mother does like it so its not a complete waste for me .
its cheaply made junk that will work some time .
iirc it was more costly than some other catnip num_extend
mine fell off only after num_num months and i stuck it back together with super glue .
for the older user it may become a bother to use and reset .
they should have more room in the pouch and should better hold their shape .
there are better toys out there for the money .
when the cover same it did not fit my phone .
the quality of the materials was not very good .
i guess i got what i paid for .
there is a phone holder  or for anything you want to put into in  on the shoulder strap .
we have not ,  however ,  had any problems with durability .
looks and feels cheap anf easy to break .
when you run the cd that comes with the unit it attempts to communitate with thd device .
i would not buy this item again and don t recommend it .
the plastic attachment clippers seem a little cheap though .
it was so cheap how can i passed up the bargain ?  .
i thought wrong ,  they gave me a charger that didn t work at all .
the moto num_extend also doesn t come with a case ,  i used the one i had from the num_extend
unfortunately the first two sizes were sold through amazon . com llc for around $
your a customer you deserve some respect ,  and should never feal insulted .
at any rate ,  i hope that when you buy these cups you actually receive num_num as advertised .
this is a problem that i have never experienced with any other brand of headphones .
if the new router does the same thing ,  then i plan to return it and go buy another brand .
that means with milk ,  a bowl of crunchy nut is going to be num_num calories or slightly more .
i hope the manufacturer makes improvements on this toy ,  its not inexpensive so it should last longer .
i tried it on a ipod touch and two slim android devices .
it arrived just a few days ago and before i even opened the box i noticed a strange smell .
okay ,  i like the  small  size of the kibble .
its too hard to get in and out of the pocket .
or ,  contact the seller and ensure you get a num_extend or num_extend
i use it rarely just to give me a smell .
it smelled nice . other than that ,  it did nothing .
i am num_extend and num_num lbs so you can see i do not have a small head .
i found the taste to be overly sweet ,  to the point i didn t want a second piece .
did i mention the call is not free ?  if you live outside the u . s .
i have to take my glasses off to do so if i want it to stay on .
yesterday ,  what i received was blackberry compatible headsets ,  but not oem .
i never had any problems with the handle .
not a big deal but thought i would mention it .
i bought this because i didn t want to spend the extra money at first on the furminator .
i purchased the num_extend liter kettle to accompany my num_extend liter coffee press .
read carefully what you are purchasing ,  it is accurate just a bit misleading .
sorry kershaw ,  i like your knives but ,  this unacceptable .
the item wasn t wrapped but the wrapping was in the box .
when i saw this headset and its associated reviews ,  i immediately threw $ at it and had it overnighted .
this antenna seems cheaply made and when plugged into my tivoli audio model two radio it actually increased static .
the substitution was white and i believe was a taradactal .
at a load of num_extend or more it always overheats within a minute or less .
everything from the trimmer to the attachment heads is made from cheap plastic .
the magnetic board was covered in glue which we were able to peal off .
unfortunately this are too small even though i ordered the right size .
the one thing i do not like is these are made in china ,  just like everything else now .
in my opinion ,  the few dollars i paid for these was too much .
i don t think i would ever buy it as it seems a bit overpriced .
bag here on amazon for the same price as the num_extend
the only thing good about this is amazon made it easy to return the coffeemaker for a replacement .
it s oem ,  from htc ,  for my mytouch num_extend
don t get me wrong ,  it isn t junk ,  but just do not like it .
top button on phone is very hard to press with this cover on .
not hard or stiff like gel ,  just  .  .  . not clean .
as soon as i use any of my other cords then the problem is gone .
i own several cold steel products and have not as of yet had a problem .
the presto  pro  is too harsh on knives stripping away far too much of the knife when sharpening .
it can only hold maybe num_num ounces of water .
i expected the mirror screen protector to be like the one i have on my iphone right now .
the latest android operating system is num_extend kitkat .
perhaps this only occurs with homemade yogurt that has live cultures ,  don t know .
not sure what all the good reviews are about .
they stated that i requested a later delivery date .
this remote is not what i expected and i no longer use it .
this really didn t work at all as i expected .
this thing barely provides a one to one charge .
i was not willing to waste $ when the product cost was only about $
you get what you pay for !  dont be cheap .
that one connects to usb . so i may have received a defective unit .
she said that this product doesn t really work .
for years the only option available to me for round baking pans was the wilton brand .
this is a real problem with some products on amazon .
other car chargers that i purchased from amazon are ok ,  but this one does not do anything .
when plugged into usb port won t allow the computer to shut down or restart .
the cable that i got looked completely different than the first cable that i received .
i had high hopes for this product but i was kind of disappointed in the end .
it s leading scraping edge is blunt and flat ,  not thin .
i was going to buy it until i learned it doesn t take num_num aas .
i purchased this blade as a cheap razor to start to learn how to hone straight razors .
basically you pay a lot and get junk .
only had it for less then num_num months .
i bought this based on the positive reviews here ,  and am really disappointed with it .
also when it was working it was extremely noisy anyway .
these are the ones i use : cuisipro stainless steel measuring spoon set .
i mostly now days play games and stuff on my dell num_num which as been upgraded some .
also ,  it does not get very hot which i was told it would do .
the amazon marketplace merchant who fulfilled this order gets num_num stars .
i guess i can go get a $ timer and plug it into that to make sure .
if you use a purse or don t tug on it too much ,  you can do worse .
the tea does not have the strong black tea flavor of the cardamom by the same manufacturer .
it was less than $ shipped so not a major investmennt but i wouldn t purchase again .
but if you drop it ,  it won t protect your phone .
however ,  you can get the same or better sound from headphones that cost far less .
i am hoping they will last a while ,  but i m not too optimistic .
you reset it by pressing the minute and second button at the same time .
i don t recommend you to buy this item .
i m pretty sure my pocket or hand are not over num_extend away from it .
i will contact amazon to see if anything can be done .
i purchased this cable after my old htc data cable started going on the fritz .
it doesn t taste bad and it is easy to use ,  but sadly not effective for me .
it does not cover your entire shower ,  it only hits the area where the cleaner streams to .
i ordered this to try and avoid paying $ for an original replacement .
all in all ,  it was cheap and i wouldn t recommend .
i wanted to give this as a gift but couldn t because of it .
i was deceived by some of the positive reviews of this product .
my personal experience was that i used it too much and too often .
i ordered some other cheap ones and they lasted a couple weeks as well .
volume :  the volume of this earpiece is not quite enough .
the handles are too big ,  you better have a massive sized hand to use these .
they do not stick well to the phone screen and peel off .
i have never experienced any of these things with any other cleanser .
even if it were good ,  i wouldn t buy this anyway just because of how they treat their customers .
the  tang  of this product assaults your mouth right from the first sip .
they agreed with me and issued me a complete refund .
yes ,  not as good as i thought after the flavor lingers .
i bought this phone in march num_num like many other reviewers who wanted a pda and phone combination .
rent it for num_num bucks and then buy it on ebay or here for num_num bucks .
i ordered num_num believing i would really like them .
hence i have no idea if the thing is broken or i m just not using it correctly .
they were preparing apples to go into a dehydrator .
it would cost more to fix it than i paid for it .
i am tall num_extend so maybe that was an issue .
i used the replacement once ,  and the same thing .
the plus is that it doesn t really num_extend
the  locks  on the case are extremely hard to open and close .
while cooking bacon ,  it stuck to the pan .
i ve had it for awhile and use it regularly and it doesn t show any signs of wear .
but ,  there s no reason this thing should cost $ $ would be more like it !  .
however ,  the sound quality is terrible ,  plus the speed varies ,  even when i switch batteries .
and i was given a refurbished one in return .
really was hoping this knife would have worked out ,  but the tang is not secured correctly in the handle; .
these headphones are for the very big ear persons only .
i do have to be careful and this product didn t work out for me .
i had an old one with a cloth bag and that one lasted num_num years .
i generally used to buy extra butter flavor popcorn of the same brand .
i greatly regret this purchase ,  and ,  for the life of me ,  cannot understand how it gets such good reviews .
you get what you pay for and for $ i wasn t expecting much .
it sounds like white noise with a faint bit of your song when turned up to max volume .
depending on the earpieces you pick ,  i could see this tugging them out .
i ve had this for just a couple weeks and the tubing is already degrading .
i used this in the shower and not under dryer .
true ,  it didn t cost much ,  but it did less .
i installed this a few months ago and didnt shoot the rifle till today .
i can wear ,  but for an xl  my size  it isnt comfortable .
i love oxo products for the most part but this product just is not well designed .
these aren t bad for the price ,  but the bass sucks .
the case is like a cheap version of apple s bumper case .
the glasses felt much like a cheaper $ pair .
as with other i noticed the fit is a bit off .
it s not as nice when you get it as the picture .
other than that ,  idk why i bought this .
i could now easily do without one and use a towel instead since i use a towel anyway .
the product does not work as it says .
they can ,  and sometimes will ,  loose their vacuum .
but if what you want is an actual cup of coffee ,  don t bother .
i ended up using a pair of pliers .
sometimes it s hard to get the coffee to pour out .  .  . almost like the air needs a way in .
this is the cheapest stuff i ve tasted in a long time .
the quality is fine ,  but the functionality leaves something to be desired .
if i bought two different models from the same company and neither worked ,  poor quality .
then i had to remove it to reposition slightly .
it is very difficult to lock and to unlock .
these are too small to do much good .
the spray action is rather minimal ,  even in the rare seconds it does work .
i think these may taste better after frozen for num_num or more days then warmed up at num_num seconds .
i don t mind spending the shipping or whatever is needed to return it .
i usually give positive reviews on almost everything and it s hard to make me really dislike something .
the quality and construction is not heavy duty as indicated and will not hold up to continued use .
this is more like size num_extend felt very snug plus it was too short in the back too .
its a galilio dpd num_extend num_num mah battery .
it seems that if it was plastic ,  it may have a better fit and seal .
i m guessing the iphone num_num would fit the same way .
after two uses i needed to recharge !   yes i let it charge up initially for num_num num_extend
i m still looking for a desent headset now .
but for some reason i thought it was white with the markings ,  .
even though it has declination adjustment it s not dependable enough for legitimate use .
these are ok if you just want to use a wireless earbuds .
this is a cheap cooker and will not last long .
no matter how long i let it cook ,  it usually takes at least num_num min .
the graphics ,  while improved in some aspects and worsened in others are alright .
the sound quality is muddy ,  with a heavy bias on the low end .
my dishes were left in better condition ,  although not everything was washed off of the glasses .
i ve owned both the coleman model num_num and the model num_extend it s  big brother  ,  and neither are impressive .
i have used iron skillets for decades and do not speak from ignorance .
honestly ,  i have no idea why i haven t replaced this thing by now .
the material is not only much thinner but rougher than my current num_extend
but i m seriously not impressed for something that costs so much .
this barely lasted a year and it stopped working .
i bought a second oem battery when i bought my phone and they both perform the same ,  terribly .
just because something is expensive doesn t mean it s quality .
now after using the item several times ,  it has multiple cuts and chunks missing on the blade .
you will have to stop to remove the phone to use it .
also ,  from a function perspective ,  the design is a little off kilter .
one of these motors came with my bandit num_extend and it lasted num_num month with stock gearing and tires .
i really wanted one of these for my ar .
it hurt my ears to use it via headphones ,  even when only one earbud was in use .
if there was a newer and improved model i might advise trying it out .
however ,  i seriously doubt even a professional knife sharpener could do much with this .
i really really wanted to like this flavor ,  it smells great but it tastes to artificial .
this is such a horribl product ,  it makes no sound ,  the holes are covered over .
further ,  they simply do not show up in bad lighting conditions much better than the standard black sights .
with that in mind ,  i was disappointed with this product .
got it on a lightening deal and it is literally not worth the $ i paid for it .
i have used other products that i like much better .
i tried to use it for a shotgun mic extension for my video camera .
if i find a better one ,  i ll update my review .  p . s .
unfortunately it slips off too easily and it s not too good for protection .
it does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use .
with a normal charging cable from apple ,  i can go from num_num to % in one hour .
the vent mount broke ,  the dash mount mount stay mounted ,  and the handles don t grip the phone well .
the reverse backlight is devastatingly hard to look at ,  and strains your eyes terribly .
i have exchanged it a few times and spent countless hours on the phone with them .
i ve used it for a month without much success .
would have expected it to last longer though .
this was an exact replacement for num_num i lost .
i love earl grey tea ,  but this is on the weak side .
i would love to give a good review but it didnt deserve any stars honestly .
this is not brand favoritism ,  as i have other sony headphones that i like  check out my headphones list  .
i wanted to like these shoes ,  i really did .
perhaps it would work better for a heavier person  i am num_num lbs  .
very hard to operate . hard to get synced up with the phones .
this was not worth the money spent ,  it worked well but no quality on the design and durability .
only good thing is the graphics ,  but that s it .
i baby my phone ,  and the charger never leaves my jeep .
you can try soaking it in boiling water ,  but it did no good for me .
it seems the finish completely dulls or the top finish came off after running through the dishwasher .
the cd installed the software very quickly and i then installed the card .
however ,  they re not significantly better than my cheaper headphones in that regard .
but ,  i needed a case to protect it .
the oem blade is a frameless blade just like this anco .
it s like a rubberized caulk that peels off in long pieces .
i had been waiting so long for these to go on sale .
i bought it for the num_extend length it quit working in couple of months .
it would have cost the same to return as it cost me to buy the right thing .
the thing is super cheap light weight plastic ,  think dollar store quality  but you are paying far ,  far more  .
they told me that an ipad requires num_extend mah this product is rated at num_extend mah .
this product isn t really as good as described .
the flip out stand was annoying ,  the case itself was sturdy  i . e .
at work i have had num_num pairs of sennheiser headphones .
i may consider getting the zagg ,  or i may just not get one .
i m not crazy about the smell but it s for the dogs after all .
i ve had other handhelds in the past with much better reception .
not bad for the price but you can find better off amazon .
i thought i d try this first instead of lugging around a rented rug cleaner ,  and i m not very impressed .
plug it in ,  turns on ,  turns off ,  no charge .
this was purchased to replace an num_num quart aluminum presto .
it worked marginally at best ,  but most of the time it didn t work at all .
i purchased one of these num_num months ago .
i won t be using it again because of this .
forget about having a protective cover on the phone ,  it will be clearly bigger than this case .
spend a few more dollars and buy a better model .
if you want quick energy with antioxidants and lots of sugar ,  just fruit juice would be a better choice .
this then led me to the task of cleaning .
misses about % of the calls it is supposed to recieve .
it does not hold the wires very tight .
reinstalled my old stuff and sent this thing back .
i would not have bought it but it was the only thing my daughter asked santa for .
it s not worth the money ,  in my opinion .
my fingers are long and slender  size num_extend
i purchased this utensil drying rack to go with the small stainless steel sink drainer .
this one that i purchased had no leather chemical odor and it is made okay .
i am so sorry to say that i fell in love with this pan .
the earphones were bent at a weird angle and never truly went into my ears properly .
i bought this and returned it within num_num hours .
however ,  the mirrored surface makes the display on your phone dark at best and invisible in bright light .
although it s cheap enough i don t mind because i bought extra .
unfortunately it didn t came broken or anything ,  so i don t feel like returning it .
i bought it for my surefire num_extend defender ,  hoping i could molle it to my num_extend vest .
this case is no where near the quality i expected .
they do work for iphones and ipod touch ,  didn t try the ipad .
not so !  the pictures just seem so lifeless compared to my other camera .
i ve had several cuisinart grind and brew s over the years that i loved ,  but this coffeemaker did not work .
of course this also doubled the price making the deal not so good after all .
i wanted a burr grinder ,  but was still trying to $
one use and it s already broken . oh how i wish you could buy better quality goods these days .
would spend a few more bucks for a better quality cable .
i was looking for a mic for my num_num year old .
i cannot get the headset to stay connected .
its pretty and looks like it does on the pic but it is a waste of $
i have most of these games on playstation num_extend
i used nicd batteries for a time years ago and gave up on those .
also ,  right now ,  i would not recommend buying it at amazon .
strange because i only ordered it because i have another color  darker  that i love .
it has a weird smell it it also .
it s a small knife and a flashlight in one but neither the light nor the blade is terribly impressive .
so ,  i looked a little deeper and am trying another brand .
it didn t fit well ,  and didn t seem to offer much in the way of protection .
i m sorry starbucks ,  i have nothing against you ,  this coffee was just a big disappointment .
voice activated dialing doesn t work with my iphone num_extend
avoid gold cup ,  but i did like their pecan flavored coffee .
they are very feathered which makes them look thin .
someone here wrote that in such case you need a  crossover  ethernet cable  or adapter  .
it caused my skin to be very oily and break out .
we have been using this product for so long .
i fact ,  i might buy another pair of those in a different color .
i tried it for a day and returned it .
i turned it on and from what i can make out ,  the motor just blew .
this may be good for you but it taste awful to me !  won t be buying this again .
i would pay one buck for something like this because it reminds me of a dollar store item .
the small ac adapter that came with my sharp actius num_extend weighs a mere num_num oz .
you could get other plastic ones here on amazon for $ plus shipping .
volume was ok but could have been louder .
when using it ,  there are static lines across the screen that appear .
this isn t exactly a pocketable phone so get used to carrying it all of the time .
this cable works on all my devices except for the google nexus num_extend
both parts of this unit are very loud when running ,  especially the food processor .
though i sure that it works great for other ,  it just didn t work for me .
also ,  the battery has been a problem too .
proprietary cable needed to hook it up to your computer .
too bad because i actually love the other shany cosmetics products that i purchased .
i tried two different sizes and neither fit appropriately for me .
installed on my toshiba satellite num_extend num_num runs fine on medium graphic settings .
also the cable comes out of the side of the dc adapter plug .
its ok ,  i guess for $ now you cannot expect much ,  but i dont expect it to last .
the package arrived and when i picked it up ,  it made a rattling sound .
reception seems adequate ,  but this is pretty cheaply made .
i ended up going to walmart and buying another pair for $
however ,  it s very expensive ,  little bottles for $ bigger bottles for $
some have complained there s no control in the headset .
this was horrible . i m used to cast iron ,  for sure .
so i am keeping it for other use .
most worthless phone i ve ever had ,  and i ve had some garbage .
however the color does not last longer than other products .
the night i received the product ,  i immediately tried it .
it worked initially then broke and the cost of shipping to repair it was not worth the hassle .
the first time i bought it ,  it was fine ,  but the second bag was soaking wet inside .
i received a full refund ,  but i needed the switch not the money .
this cartridge is a single unit with a num_extend output ,  so one of these replaces the two old batteries .
at night it s hard to ignore it ,  it s too bright and distracting when driving .
returned it . i ll stick with carrying a charger around with me from now on ,  this just isn t worth it .
it did have a scent but i was hoping for a stronger scent .
they were out of the depth of field ,  but they didn t look natural to me .
their is a reason why this is low in price .
you can go out and purchase any cable for it . next is the firmware .
this plastic cover is not likely to protect the phone if dropped .
to bb s credit ,  when i called up to complain on their customer service line ,  i was refunded the amount .
then again ,  the num_extend costs a whopping $
not worth buying ,  if you have to buy a car charger just buy the powergen dual usb .
its battery power was poor  i bought an extra battery to get me through the day  .
i tested this unit against num_num other headsets and it had the worst sound quality ,  by far .
i know it is beneficial to your health ,  but it taste like castor oil .
knowing that it was % cotton ,  i ordered a size larger than i normally wear .
it only lasts half as long as the brita filters that braun uses in their coffee makers .
it has only a small ,  not very sharp grinder blade element .
this is my first negative review of a product like this . first .
over the past num_num years i have owned two num_extend
they don t hold their shape when you bend them ,  and they don t stick together well .
i bought this exact same dish rack from another company .
not worth purchasing at all !  !  i was fortunate to have them replaced num_extend
they were not too small and not totally too big and did not fit in the leg or anything .
needless to say ,  i returned the phone for a refund .
i guess i shouldn t have expected much for $ but the audio quality on these headphones is really poor .
my num_num star as rated before ,  is now num_num star .
the batteries were cheap and i would have to buy a new razor if i couldn t install them anyway .
get the following  home depot or amazon has all this num_extend
i have to send them back ,  and buy another pair .
i  might  keep trying if it was not so ridiculously expensive .
i guess i should have purchased it from a local store .
it s not an unsafe toy ,  just not a good toy .
ok ,  it s now num_num months after my purchase .
in my opinion ,  though ,  the item is cheap in quality .
i ve seen similar ones in stores for about the same price and i should have bought those instead .
num_num stars to amazon though ,  as they processed return at no charge .
however the real problem is that they scratch so easily .
we tried it on about num_num different phones .
i think for about $ more ,  you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
i have had the machine for less than a year and it suddenly stopped working .
i would never buy this again ,  nor would i ever recommend it to anyone .
this one though doesn t live up to my expectations .
this headphone even sits on the stand that comes with it when not in use .
i have had my num_extend for about num_num months now .
the meat doesn t move very well and there is a lot of meat stuck in it at the end .
less caffeine than an equivalent cup of coffee ,  so the  naturally energizes without the jitters  package claim is misleading .
why is amazon selling this for $ dollars .
the result is callers will have trouble hearing you and you will sound all garbled up and choppy .
i can t believe samsung puts their name on this piece of junk .
in fact ,  after using it just a few times ,  i am doing just that .
it looks nice ,  but doesn t work like the good and oldie !  too bad .
out to the trash and was replaced by a much cheaper and more dependable unit .
for some reason this was not working right from the packaging .
i guess i can t say they re terrible ,  but what a drop in quality .
we ll see how it goes over the num_num week period ,  to see if we replace it or not .
i even tried adding water ,  but that didn t help .
while the product applies to the purpose it serves ,  the packaging is very misleading .
this cable functions fine  at first  ,  but it probably won t hold up to everyday use .
with the samsung ,  you must be touching and looking at your phone .
bought the otterbox defender from amazon ,  sold by amazon ,  in  frustration free packaging  .
basically you will end up with a $ analog clock like i have .
pretty expensive to have something on your ear that sounds like you re talking in a tunnel .
just as cheaply made and works as badly as original that i got from samsung when bought my phone .
im just glad it was like num_num bucks .
the circumference of the bowl is slightly smaller than the lid causing it to not fit .
btw ,  i use this camera with securityspy for the mac .
updated : turns out that most of my issues came from a num_extend to usb adapter that didn t work well .
upon opening this box ,  i could see that something was amiss .
if you look closely they really all look the same .
i have used this product ,  but no more .
i ve tried adjusting the headset but it doesn t make any difference .
it does not even have to have a speaker ,  because i carry around speakers for my ipod .
i ve had this over a year and ,  to be honest ,  i rarely use it .
i was really not very impressed with this product .
there are better products from the same company as well as other manufacturers .
and yes ,  it s the cable and not the phone .
i don t know where these rave reviews are coming from .
now i do not wake up to coffee already made ,  big problem .
used hot glue to put it back in .
took me maybe half an hour or less .
it was under warranty ,  so the company sent a replacement reservoir .
i plugged it in ,  left the car ,  hit the remote keyless lock ,  no problem .
i ll never buy another one ,  that s for sure .
i had to stop using it ,  and now i ll be looking to try a different brand .
i replaced it with the hawkins  see amazon review  .
always had to refill and wait to make a full pot of coffee .
the cinematics are okay ,  but they are rather short .
i thought i was getting a different product .
according to the bottle ,  it says to lather ,  rinse and repeat .
i used different amounts ,  full dishwasher ,  not so full ,  very dirty dishes ,  not so dirty ,  etc .
my cat chewed it up into little pieces .
i would definetly reccomend not purchasing if you plan on using this as a headset .
either they hurt my ears ,  or they fall out .
i want to note that you can run this camera via ethernet cable if you want .
i can not verify if this product provides good protien supprt .
i have tried to use this popcorn gadget on several microwave settings .
because the machine is out of warranty ,  i had to order the part s replacement at my own expense .
not just the garlic ,  but also the rosemary .
may num_extend num_extend purchased this fan after doing my usual extensive research .
i originally ordered num_num of these for our num_num droid x phones .
it looks and feels cheap the only thing that was good and impressing was the packaging it come with .
it didn t make it shinier or  richer  color .
the time display along with the auto and program features are not illuminated and hard to read .
it is a shame since the product works fine on devices with completely flat screens .
i was disappointed with this ,  maybe my fault for expecting more from a $ item .
it is rubbery ,  extremely salty  over half a gram per stick  ,  and has an off taste .
i ve been using it for about num_num months now and am no longer pleased .
it slips on the lids and only opens jars that i could easily open by hand .
i ve written to their company ,  and called ,  numerous times .
i guess this product doesn t work on some people .
like a previous reviewer ,  i owned my first a long time; i purchased it num_num years ago .
also the silver on the case is a decal which had bubbled up on the one i purchased .
i bought this because it was cheap and i needed extra support for my ailing back .
this cable wouldn t work for my imac and hp printer .
i purchased this item thinking that a plastic fat separator would be more durable than a glass one .
i do not recommend these headphones for any type of use .
they don t get gummed up ,  water passes over them not threw them .
i was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews .
well ,  i ve been using it for a week and i haven t seen any change .
it was allegedly brand new . it came without a charge and wouldn t charge up .
it should be made clear that it is made in china .
other similar products have total interface with the iphone without doing somethng like this .
oz and thought what the heck i ll give it a try .
i have been using these everyday or so for about num_num months now and am very disappointed .
plastic itself will eventually degrade ,  given enough time .
after num_num days of use ,  i gave it to my sister .
i thought that otterboxes were supposed to be durable .
absolutely no dsl signal when i replaced my old cable with this new one .
it s got a slightly lemonish apple taste and isn t overly offensive ,  except when out of the bag and brewing .
i felt i had purchased a num_extend class toy .
i ordered the num_num and i think a num_num would have fit me better .
based on all of the reviews ,  i had to try this .
since i use it on oatmeal and to flavor yogurt ,  it doesn t have to dissolve .
there are better things like this out there ,  and cheaper too ,  so i will not buy these again .
color is a orange red and fades every time it s washed .
i thought for the price that these weren t that great .
although the battery operated models aren t much better ,  anything would be better than this .
you would think something as expensive as this attachment could be expected to last more than one use .
the num_extend subwoofer enclosure weighs a full num_num lbs .
you can by much better earphones for less half the price of the num_extend
the toothpaste is good ,  but the toothbrush bristles wore out and became  smashed  very quickly .
i watched some youtube video and someone advertised it and i thought of trying it .
the charging port isn t accessible with it on .
it does seem to dry out my skin a little .
num_num calories for an num_extend oz serving is too much when that amount of orange juice is num_extend
i received num_num batteries ,  not num_num as another review stated .
though it states natural .  .  . do have a huge problem that it is made in china .
too bad .  .  . because i liked this case a lot at first .
you re paying more here for something you don t even know if it s a knockoff or not .
some buttons it wont push ,  and you must press hard to work any .
the problem is that when you go to adjust it ,  sometimes it will come out of the groove .
parabens are used as a preservative so that products have less of a chance at growing bacteria .
however the products i received were not what was advertised .
granted the cord is num_extend long but i don t need even a num_extend cord .
to start ,  it is cheaply made !  it s a very cheap piece of plastic that sits on a plastic base .
i believe if it cost maybe $ or less ,  i would feel better about it .
although not completely destroyed ,  it is slowly coming apart after less than a year of use .
donating them since i waited to long to return them .
also ,  fit wise ,  it seems to run a little small .
sometimes a cheap item isn t worth what you pay for it .
even if they replaced it with a new one i d always be wondering .
everything else might be wireless but this just isn t dependable .
like my nails had pushed tiny ripples into it .
i don t know . i m think i m going to buy a grinder instead .
also ,  it wll not pair with my iphone num_extend
the blade isn t very sharp ,  due to the material it s made from ,  so a slash isn t practical .
they were tasty but crumbles ,  too many crumbs ,  not the nicely formed cookies depicted .
however ,  when used in conjunction with the grinder ,  it s an exercise in frustration to say the least .
i would possibly overlook these issues if the sound was incredible ,  but it lacks fullness in my opinion .
i own several other brushes and none have been this bad .
i looked online for the best way to do it but it still didn t work out .
i bought this to replace a cheaper battery operated bubble machine but i was not impressed .
i have used my num_extend for num_num months now .
it really is too bad because it s a great brush .
to my disappointment ,  this $ one is almost identical to the cheap one .
first off ,  it takes up like num_extend of hard drive space .
i ordered a few other things ,  then proceeded to checkout .
i wear a num_extend to num_num normally ,  so i sized down and ordered a num_num as recommended .
the handle grasp is narrow with no lip .
i don t know who sizes these products but the cup size is too big by at least num_extend
i bought this for my num_num year old and it s even way too big for my num_num year old .
so i tried this one to see if i wanted to add it to the list .
unless you bang the pegs really hard with the hammer ,  they do not budge .
you d be better off getting a pair of num_extend num_extend
this item is way to short in the handle .
might work on a ipod but it def didnt work for my phone .
maybe it is too heavy ,  i don t know but it isn t that tasty .
there is too much space around the edged and the bottom of the phone s screen .
too bad it didn t last one whole day .
the sound quality was ok but hardly analytical and detailed as described .
i haven t encountered any problems downloading pics till now .
unfortunately i sometimes have a tendency to be cheap ,  and then i end up a product like this .
my daughter wanted this so bad for christmas .
perhaps this product works wonders for some people ,  but it did nothing for me .
now ,  i am not very strong since my arthritis has become so bad .
i just found that it wasn t worth the money i spent on it .
this case will not hold a dell num_extend num_extend wide screen .
it vacuums up pet hair as it dusts the wood floors .
well ,  in the end i found this to be a disappointing product .
if you use any programs or make a call ,  your phone will lose battery even with this plugged in .
i would not recommend it because of that .
i left it plugged in and just connected or disconnected the phone .
i was running a voice over ip connection over this cable modem .
they worked fine for about a year then just crapped out .
the gun  at least the one i have  does not function satisfactorily .
this was a prime order so i thought the return would be okay but i had to pay .
i m really not a whiny person . but these headphones sure as hell don t fit my head comfortably .
i couldn t hear alot on it and it didn t stay on my ear for nothing .
i have been using this for about num_num weeks now and it has absolutely made no difference .
the first bite was a bit dry but ok with a subtext of coffee flavor .
this is a complete rip off because the batteries aren t set to expire for years .
like another reviewer s ,  my experience has been mixed .
the item i received costs $ or so less than this one .
this glass as protective as it is reduces the touchscreen sensitivity on the ipod touch .
to me ,  because of the cheapness of materials and construction ,  this item should be selling for half the price .
not nearly as good as i had hoped for .
i thought it would be easy ,  but now i need a gameshark .
we have num_num or num_num of these by different prices .
i d say reliability leaves something to be desired .
after having read all the positive reviews ,  i was expecting really a lot .
targus claims this is a num_extend power supply .
the kickstand is awkwardly placed and it doesn t feel very comfortable when holding it .
i could probably do it correctly now that i know how ,  but i won t buy another one to try .
i m not exagerating . this fan is loud  !  !  !  forget about sleeping with this fan on at night .
the sound is very weak compared to quite a few other equally priced headphones .
i am not sensitive about having the second cup piping hot .
num_extend or later iphone ,  newest ipads and ipods .
i will try it again and if i change my mind ,  i ll change my review .
this is suppose to protect your screen ,  but it is so hard to apply .
it s hard plastic , so , they can t bite it and pawing is difficult because their is no way to grasp it .
i have never had reception problems with my iphone until input this case on it .
bought from verizon store about num_num years ago .
but the headphones suffer from two massive flaws .
so ,  back to my cheap pair that i got at the dollar store .
it s basically just a piece of plastic held in by a groove .
i bought this instead of the ipod because it was so much cheaper .
i was sent a product that had been opened and returned .
i would recommend trying something else before this .
the magnet in the stick needs to be stronger .
it is very loose especially on the bottom .
the other model i tried was battery only .
the color was about the same too come to think of it .
i also knew i wanted something that was easy off so others would not have to use it .
i will continue to use this for grinding spices ,  but if it breaks ,  i will not buy another one .
i have tried to put this product on my phone several times .
amazon sent me a replacement and we will see how the second one is .
the software itself runs ok if i don t plug my device in .
the product did not smell spoiled or old ,  so i m at a loss for all the positive reviews .
if i wanted to buy num_num adapters it would cost me about $
it cleans up surface stains on the tile ok ,  but so would any other cleaner .
tremain butter crock like this oneinstead of the norpro crocks .
if other headphones are about num_extend inches across ,  these are about num_num incheas across .
it does flavor water well ,  but the flavor is just not appealing .
it did power up .  .  .  . but that was all it did .
i was so excited to get this item after reading the other reviews .
the metal is very very thin ,  and can be bent easily if the item is not guarded .
all the reviews made me think this product would be the end to all my problems .
i had to purchase a wet screen protector because it bothered me so much .
i used this junk just once ! never buy this  .  .  .  ! why they even make this item ?  ! i am really disappointed !  .
wow that was a fast rip off for $
anyway ,  to their credit amazon responded immediately to my email and is sending me a replacement .
they do not have the cords and stem to attach to my phone or tablet .
its not even a cover just a case .
and i can t return it because the shipping cost is about the price of the product .
it might be ok for those with weak palates ,  but i wantmy coffee to taste like coffee .
when it was all cooled down i tried it on again .
i wanted to try these cast iron enameled pan; however ,  it is certainly not worth the price .
reading the positive reviews of this product ,  i m wondering whether i purchased the same product .
haven t tried it with my husband s ipod touch ,  so can t say how it works for that device .
the battery appears to be what i would consider a counterfeit .
it s not like i used this product a lot either .
i guess i was spoiled with the swifter ,  it actually cleaned my hard wood floors .
i ve used similar products so i didn t mind .
i bought this router hoping to get signal range improvement overmy current belkin num_extend router .
i like the contents and the little tube it came in was cool ,  but the knife sucks .
now i guess i know why it was % off the regular price .
consumer reports gave this a good endorsement but the user reviews on that site were less than sterling .
nope !  no matter what angle i try ,  this bluetooth simply does not fit securely in my ear .
with this new unit ,  it doesn t really make good contact .
i was expecting a lot more from this product .
this is replacing a pampered chef pizza stone which was broken .
i paid about $ for an  equivalent   though  equivalent  was not in the product description  .
they are basically cheap earbuds with a thin metal loop soldered too the back to go around the ear .
i ordered a size up and it was still too small so i ad to return it .
i needed a toothbrush to get the gunk out .
i ended up replacing them and didn t notice any damage to the phone .
it also was no thicker than the regular thin clear screen protectors .
this company must be making a pretty penny off of these plastic things .
this was the one thing my granddaughter asked me to buy her for christmas .
i thought would be a box of num_num at least for price .
the product is ok just not anything that worked for my dogs .
so ,  there s a reason why it s only num_num bucks .
this product maybe fine for pouring on ice cream ,  etc .  ,  but for chocolate milk it does not dissolve .
the speakers were no more than num_num feet from the transmitter . do yourself a favor and run wires .
i thought i received a manufacturing defect ,  until i read some of the reviews here at amazon . com .
sorry ,  but as much as i wanted this gadget to work .  .  . it doesn t .
this is the second device of this sort i ve tried .
yes ,  the cat will still drink out of the bowl but the water must now be changed daily .
the mirror look was too dark for you to see clearly so i did not .
i had a privacy screen already but it got messed up so i order a new one .
its stupid to try to put it together ,  its made very cheap and falls apart so easy .
i have put some peanutbutter around the opening ,  but that treat is short lived .
its not bad green tea ,  but its not white tea .
i was not happy with what i recieved for the amount of money i spent .
i was hoping this product would help but it doesn t ,  plus it is very pricey !  it s just ok .
it doesnt strenghten my nails ,  if anything it made it worse .
calorie wise its about num_num per serving ,  and there are two servings in the box .
sure glad i bought it from amazon as it s going to have to go back as defective .
this device has too many problems to work well .
well ,  it isn t worth even the price of shipping .
what you re really paying for is the thermos carafe .
i have had mixed results with this product .
it did not work as good as my other product .
never had a reaction like this with any product and i think i have used everything out there .
i took this for num_num months and have not noticed anything .
but the idea behind these gadgets is to increase convenience ,  not reduce it .
we really did not want to miss out on our coffee for even a day . my wife bought a mr .
when i replaced my broken home button it was very lose fit but it worked .
for a $ pair of scissors i expected much better quality .
it blows the chis out of the water and it doesn t cost all that much more .
how about that ? graphics :  the game itself isn t bad .
i purchased this card after borrowing a card with an identical product number from a friend .
i bought this thinking i could leave all my charging equipment at home except for this and it s charger .
i was wondering why since i had adjusted them to be perfectly snug .
color has a weird red tint in it so its not really a medium brown .
i m sure i ll use it ,  and it was cheap .
the basic function of a cell phone should be making calls quick and easy .
i read other reviews prior to writing this one and noticed a lot of complaints about the same thing .
while the unit comes with batteries num_extend aa batteries  ,  they did not last more than a few minutes .
i tried this flavor num_num years ago right after i bought my first keurig machine .
koss portapro headphones with case broke on me after a year or so of use .
i shall be replacing it with something else .
this coffee maker just can t make the coffee hot .
i will use it but im not happy with it or the seller .
the eggs are usually runny on the outside and overcooked on the inside ,  not my ideal order of eggs .
the fox run cups do work nicely but are too expensive for only num_num cups .
in fact ,  you might even say it s downright cheap .
i don t like to waste food ,  so it was all i could do to eat the entire bowl .
i don t know if this product works as i have been using it for a couple of days .
fyi :  there is a much better product currently available .
i might buy this again despite the discomfort ,  but i am going to try another design first .
i ve been using this cheese slicer for almost a year now .
the cable i received is not a belkin cable .
does not look like the quality in the display picture .
save your money and buy a different one .
before these head phones ,  i purchased senneheiser pmx num_extend
this is much too tight to use with a slim case on an iphone .
my num_num year old daughter desperately wanted this .
no real place for this in my kitchen .
it works ok ,  i just don t need it .
i used to use these regularly for num_num months but now the price jumped by $
my dogs are a little bit dubious about these treats .
the ears in this set do not look as good as they do in the picture .
this stuff was a little too greasy for my hair .
it is a novelty piece that is not functional .
this was the newest one purchased and it didn t last .
i have used it for the past num_num months and i am not satisfied with it .
for the money i spent on this product i expected a lot more .
everything checked out ,  but i could not get this thing to work .
if it didn t cost so much for shipping it back ,  i would but it s not worth it .
i bought this num_num months ago to pair my nexus num_num with my car stereo .
i will be sticking with my regular cold coffee can beverage .
somewhere along the line ,  she forgot she gave me the first one ,  and bought me another one .
while i do get minor relief from it s use ,  it is not worth the price .
also ,  you have to figure out how to get your android device hooked up to your tv .
those days are gone ,  now they re made in china .
its no wonder that they give you num_num screen protectors .
not very good quality ,  but suppose it was ok for $
it is way too pricey than it should be and is why num_num stars .
the batteries are worn and the contact show signs of long term use .
there s a loose part that flopped out of the end of the box i opened .
the unit is lighter weight and not as well designed compared to braun units i have previously owned .
second ,  it is made of thin metal ,  and had a huge dent .
i d rather spend more money on a higher quality product .
the blade is not properly cut ,  and there is a protrusion that leaves that nail unevenly cut .
i didnt like looking at it everyday so i eventually bought a new case .
i ve been using it at least num_num times a week and have had no further problems .
seems cool ,  but i think that s the flaw in the design .
that they do ,  in a small ,  cheap package .
the camera appears to function ,  but i have not had an opportunity for thorough testing of it ,  either .
this is such a flimsy item i can t believe all the positive reviews .
the stuff has uses ,  but i do not think it was meant to be used alone .
there are better long lasting products out there .
this cable would probably be ok if it didn t need to power something .
i was excited to get this because i read all of the great reviews .
the picture looks like a num_num dollar case that i can get at the mall .
remove and rinse thoroughly again with hot water for several minutes .
i called customer service and they sent me a refund .
when i plug into my ipad num_extend and num_extend generation ,  both report as  not charging  .
it s not very accurate though . taking it apart ,  there are weights to make it a bit heavier than just plastic .
this was not at all what i had hoped it to be .
the first time ,  i used it i got really turned off .
i d say they are about % too large for my comfort .
it did work for a while ,  then stop working . computer does not recognize it . i am going to return it .
i ordered one of these for my num_num saturn vue .
the case is extremely loose ,  it doesn t look like it will fit the phone tightly and securely .
the red looks more like a gold ,  and is dissapointing .
the flavor is not so great ,  in my opinion .
i don t like the bulky boom type headsets .
if i wanted one to hold  , i already had levels that were small enough to hold by hand .
feels too much like a bigger incredible but much ,  much worse battery life .
i could unplug it from the computer ,  take it out and snap some pix ,  and plug it back in .
i ordered a size larger than i usually wear and they were still too small .
the cap that had the stylus would reattach to the body of the pen .
that s not something you want to have happen when you ve got a very sharp knife in your hand .
nevertheless ,  for $ dollars it should hold up better .
it is cheap enough to not be worth returning .
i stopped using it because it hurts when i putted on my nails .
i usually don t like artificial sweeteners as they taste too sweet to me .
the pear isn t as crispy as the apple .
this num_extend player only lasted two weeks in my possession .
this soap dispenser might work if you need to pump soap into a bucket or something like that .
i gave it a chance ,  and i was let down . p . s .
the plastic just made it seem cheap and like it wasn t going to last long .
i bought this item and what ever could have been wrong with it ,  was wrong with it .
i have had this vauum only a couple of months and i hat eit .
top metal latch is not soldered together properly .
i gave up and use regular old measuring cups .
this is really just an over priced emollient .
i replaced it with a belkin n wireless router ,  which was up and running in no time at all .
cheaper too !  this is overpriced big time ,  for what you are actually getting !  .
the way the box was packaged and intact it had to have happened before it was shipped .
i was going to try living with this .
size num_extend but these were way too big .
i have ordered num_num of them and sent both back .
the sound quality is ok but no better .
i only paid $ for the adapter so lesson learned .
as i was putting together all of the parts ,  i used the tools to tighten them .
the batteries that i bought from your company are the same as the batteries that came with that phone .
other cables in my house work ,  so the problem is not the ports on my laptop or tv .
spend the money and get the other ones !  .
i should have read further before ordering . these were easy to assemble and install the batteries which were provided .
my phone is carried around with my keys ,  pocket knife ,  mechanical pencils and after num_num months .
spend a couple extra dollars and get a better charger .
this product has worked for me in the past but not this time .
i ve owned this food processor for num_num or num_num years now .
i had the choice of the screen looking like this     or     .
there may be other uses for it but opening cans is not one of them .
when i first put it together ,  the door fell out of it s holes .
it was the best but this new stuff is made in china and is garbage .
connection speeds were num_extend faster than with my previous num_extend router .
the metal  at least is metal  is quite thin and has poor fit between pieces .
i threw it out yesterday ,  after only having it a few weeks ,  and barely using it .
there is the older and much slower usb num_extend vs .
i paid less than seven dollars for mine two years ago .
the price was comparable to market value but not quality .
i literally was having to plug the phone in every num_num minutes .
my reception is fine in both the am and fm bands ,  but recording is very hit or miss .
you want something that will stay in your system for num_num to num_num hours ,  at least .
it s not intuitive and complicated to set up .
i really poured it out !  the only good thing is that it does last a long time .
this case looks cool in the picture but is very cheap and not durable .
it s one thing to have a product that works intermittantly ,  but it s really frustrating when product support is worthless .
i don t have any problem keeping both num_num cards and money in the wallet while keeping the case closed .
these are not made to be used everyday with a phone that gets lots of use .
i ll have to buy a new one ,  but i won t be buying this one again that s for sure .
this product is not firm enough for me .
if you really need an extension for your headset ,  buy something else !  .
but it doesn t seem to make that much difference with my usual folgers coffee .
i only gave it two stars because it is durable and still going strong ,  unfortunately .
i was so excited to purchase this for my children and wish i wouldn t have .
she needed to replace it and purchased this item .
some may like this ,  but i do not .
i used it until i wore it out .
if it was sewn a little bit better i would have given this a higher star rating .
i really wanted a pair in black because they do get dirty fast so purchased the black online .
i bought it and like how it worked but it broke after only num_num weeks of use .
don t bother .  . there are other instant noodles that taste and cook better .
i was worried i d damage my phone by forcing it into the attachment . i ended up getting a different device .
i really wanted to like this and it smelled great but did nothing to mask body odor .
bought this to replace the broken micro usb cable on my old charger for my nook tablet .
back it goes to amazon for a refund .
this num_num is actually a num_num or a num_extend
the headphones get too warm ,  and they re flat ,  not very comfortable .
the grommet on the front scratches my knife .
i called hoover to order a replacement since the original one didn t work .
however ,  this product did not deliver anything special for the price .
i am still looking for a brand which will not leak ,  and last longer than these .
i am going back to a simpler design .
i had high hopes for this product but was disappointed .
i am shopping for better choices at better prices .
it s cheap because it is very cheaply made .
this brush seems to cake the makeup on and does not give it a nice finish .
the cable i ordered was for a nikon coolpix num_extend
you have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire .
the charger is not mini usb which means you have to use the proprietary one  negative imo  .
this was the second time i tried this type of cell phone from another vendor .
sadly ,  i bought two boxes so they d have more pieces to play with .
i like the rubber lining too ,  but it s just too big .
that s where my positive review of this product ends .
i won t say however that it tastes bad .
the product works so far ,  but it s pretty much obsolete now .
tem more words required . six ,  five ,  four ,  three ,  two ,  one .
pay a little more and  hopefully  get something a lot better .
i will not buy this item again ,  and would discourage anyone from wasting their money on this .
tried to replace the battery and that didn t help .
i felt it was way to bulky for me and created a huge blind spot .
before purchasing this item i called the manufacturer to be sure it did what i wanted .
it s now running as a replacement for my old hub  also a linksys  which has an overheating problem .
it s not very tight and it just kind of feels heavy .
even with only one fan turned all the way down it still seems a bit disruptive .
i found out why they cost $ or whatever i paid for them .
i ordered another batch to see if i can plant it differently and get a better result .
it was used two to three times per week since october num_num when i received it .
not so great for music ,  but talk wouldn t be so bad .
don t waste your money on these pieces of junk .
going to yet another brand to see if someone else can get it right .
this item is difficult to get into and difficult to adjust .
if you have a good diet ,  with plenty of fresh vegetables ,  not sure of the reason for this product .
there are too many things to do and the interface layout is awkward without a keyboard and mouse .
it fits too tightly and is very uncomfortable .
the more i cut ,  the harder it was to move the blades .
and not like the ones i see here in the shops .
i have had zero problems ever since i started doing this .
the jabra sounds cheap too on the loudest settings where the internal speaker distorts badly .
sometimes the led would work ,  very dim ,  sometimes flicker ,  sometimes not come on at all .
i didn t even try to plug it in .
they might sound bad to me because i am used to audiophile headphones .
i got num_num of these bugs for my grandchildren for christmas .
i ve had num_num of these canisters in various sizes .
yeah ,  yeah ,  you need a battery pack to attach this .
this seemed like it would work well ,  but does not .
i try to turn the sound down and it goes all the way up . cheap .
not too hard and not too soft that like some spongy crap that you get for cheap .
i personally do not like the flavor of coconut ,  so i didn t care for the flavor of this coffee .
the latte is marginal at best with poor steam performance .
combine poor grip ,  flat surfaces and mass and one can understand why these headphones are susceptible to falling off .
well ,  this one only worked for about a week .
even for basic woodworking ,  i had a very difficult time with this knife .
also ,  if it is more than half full ,  it leaks out water when hot .
these speakers however don t seem to pack much bass though .
slightly better than nothing at all ,  but just slightly .
i received an email from amazon that the product has had problems .
i have made seafood gumbo ,  braised chicken and green beans .
it still holds several hours charge ,  where my old sony headset now lasts one num_num minute conversation and dies .
my only complaint is that the power cord should be a bit longer .
pissed that i don t have wireless internet right now .
this product may have some use but certainly not in all cases .
the knife blade is loose and moves inside the handle . i returned the first knife for replacement .
then i tried the cable that came with the phone .
when i received the product i was so excited ,  but soon disappointed .
i could not distinquish a flavor ,  good or bad ,  just bland .
it quit perking coffee about num_num months after i got it .
ended up purchasing a matte screen protector from store .
since it so tight to put it ,  it ripped off my screen cover which made me real mad .
if you only want a desktop charger this is okay .
i contacted belkin ,  and they instructed me to update the firmware ,  which makes sense .
the picture makes it look like the phone would be enclosed all the way around .
i m not a big fan of this coffee .
if you are looking for anything other than that ,  you probably won t be satisfied with this product .
i m having a bit of  buyers remorse  from this purchase .
first ,  you have to use batteries for the controller .
a size num_num might work but that might still be too long .
anyway ,  i followed the written instructions for the installation of this product to the letter .
i tried several kinds of coffee and several levels of gounding .  .  . no real results .
doesn t leave a white residue like the cheap brands do .
this included num_num models in the num_num and num_num model series  including this num_extend
when you plug it into your iphone  after downloading the up app  it syncs .
yogurt ,  a few liquid vitamins ,  etc .  ,  and a cup of frozen maine  very small  blueberries for breakfast .
but lets be serious ,  i can t be stuck with a phone that i can hardly use .
but i have not seen any serious problems on my computer .
i am just going to save up for something a little nicer looking .
i remember when the very first one came out num_num years ago .
i m sorry ,  but i believe a phone should be able to survive num_extend hours on num_extend
this can do a ton of cool stuff but did not suit my needs .
i had the same high expectations for this one .
this was my second purchase but i m not sure if this is original .
i returned it and ordered a new one however ,  amazon sent me a used one .
i purchased this to use with my iphone num_extend num_extend
getting your phone out of a case shouldn t require outside tools .
i guess you do get what you pay for .
i bought this for my iphone num_num and ipod touch num_extend generation .
i totally forgot i bought this until i was asked to do a review .
it just doesn t hold the heat evenly or continuously .
this tea has too many different things in it .
when my last one died ,  i bought both this and a small battery operated one by remington .
we make tea by the gallon and then put them in the frig .
i m not sure how to get this to work with my phone properly .
in practice ,  at least for me ,  it didn t work that well .
what a mistake !  !  !  !  i like my coffee hot and this model barely delivered mildly warm coffee .
i jumped online and ordered two of the black incipio feather cases  the same as this ,  but black  .
i will not be not be purchasing another cuisinart .
the lids don t stay closed ,  the twirly things are difficult to maneauver .
alert  could use more information on how to hook it up to various accessories .
i just took it back to the store and got my money back .
the problem is it didn t last long for me .
well but with too much noise to keep .
this thing hurts if used on an injured back or a very tight back .
this product is not what i thought it would be .
but if you re a video editor ,  you really wont even need this .
it takes most of the fingerprints off but not all .
very strange since the other colors were not like this .
but when i got it ,  it did not work i was very disipointed .
these are essentially a toy and i can see why amazon has dropped the price so low .
got this for my num_num year old and i played some with him and it is pretty lame .
there are plenty of other actual minidisc recorders for the same price on amazon .
i was discouraged about the flavor of my morning coffee from my drip coffee pot .
do not buy this headset ,  buy an overear one .
i know many people love the design ,  but i find it much too frustrating .
i own num_extend num_extend and this num_extend num_extend
i have purchased num_num of these nesco dehydrators before .
it requires cleaning about every num_num months with vinegar or a lime scale remover .
the plastic is too soft and my puppy chews it tring to get her food .
i followed the instructions exactly and it still was ineffective .
this product didn t work as well as i had hoped .
short cable to link to digital converter or tv .
i put in num_num eneloop rechargeable batteries and turned it on .
iwill buy it if it s less than what my publix sells it for .
however ,  mine broke just shy of two months after i bought it .
i wish it had a rechargeable ,  internal battery .
i was excited to buy this for him .
i guess it works ,  but i didn t know that they made them that short .
you will save yourself money ,  heartache ,  and grief in the long run .
even after the patch running a brand new num_num gts ,  quad core and num_num gbs of mushkin num_extend
to me ,  it s relatively cheap looking and feeling ,  doesn t add to the look .
this will work for a short time only .
i ve learned since this purchase that car charging devices will ruin an ipod battery .
looks like it has tint till it goes on .
one little scratch went through the protector and got my phone .
i have a couple of other sets like this ,  same size bowls ,  same configuration of sizes ,  same lid color .
bought num_num of this vest for my num_num years old daughter and num_num years old son .
i d say spend the extra num_num bucks and get the good brand ,  not this knock off .
too bad because the price is good and dust is minimal .
the weight on the rubber feet means the board has not moved no matter how sticky the dough is .
apparently ,  what is shown is the full sized grip sleeve ,  which has num_num finger notches .
and i don t even have that much hard cleaning to do .
and these are low drain devices too ,  like remote controls .
this new cable was a bit thinner gauge wire and the connector is also shorter .
i usually try to be objective with my reviews but this product is just pure crap .
much too small for even a medium size counter .
it looks like streaks of rainbows down the screen .
i guess i ll just keep those for an emergency .
i bought a iphone num_extend and used for more than num_num days .
i place the product in wet cat food and mix it up .
you can separate the battery portion and just use the thing as a num_extend
i would suggest finding another one to protect your phone .
it works by wicking water up into a filter that is probably num_num square inches of exposure .
if not the coffee with grounds will overflow .
the only plus is that when it does work ,  it charges very quickly .
dthe discription says yellowfin tuna but you will receive tuna .
decent case ,  but i didn t like the fit around the display .
it does its job but feels cheap ,  i suppose you get what you pay for .
plus ,  it s difficult to get this thing to stand up on its own .
didn t realized it until it had arrived and saw the packaging .
the sound quality was fine but the headaches with just getting it to work properly were not worth it .
this is a cheap ,  plastic ,  small knife that does not work very well .
at best my internet connection is slow and erratic .
the blades on the sides pull even worse .
the descriptioin says  : universal car charger compatible with  most  smartphones ?  i wasted my money .
it s not different from the original battery that comes in the phone .
the belt clip reportedly could be used as a stand but would not stay open .
this product was not bad ,  but was disappointing .
i m very surprised that this phone is so slow ,  probably due to low hardware spec .
although this looks like a solid tool ,  it s not .
i was hoping for something not as tough and grainy .
it seems like i would have liked it .
but ,  after a few moments with the instructions and some trial and error ,  this one isn t that bad .
when folded up ,  it is wider than a fishing bag by about num_extend
i recently dropped it ,  it broke  my fault  and i was happy to chuck it .
but ,  these are so not soft !   :  i also bought these ,  they are much softer .
this is not my first grinder ,  but it will be my last one like this .
i would not recommend this product on painted walls or for anything heavy .
the product that arrived was the one described here .
switching to a split keyboard design was not difficult since i touch type anyway .
this does not charge all of the items it fits .
i was torn between this or the plantronics num_extend
what a letdown . i used this for a few weeks just to be sure it wasnt hormone related or whatever .
they were pretty good that way ,  but the little ,  hard oat pieces were not ,  uh ,  pleasant .
again ,  enough junk toequal an ice cream shake or a burger .
depending on your charger ,  you may have to snap off the bottom part to charge your phone .
im sorry to say im dissappointed in the product .
i read the range of reviews before trying this .
also the snap on holster does not hold the phone if you are wearing a jacket .
the phone was even plugged into the charger ,  so it should have stayed on .
i was hoping this would fit my num_extend bowl .
it can be annoying and the piece will actually slide down off the body of the phone at times .
also snagged and looked old after one washing .
the price for it was not high for it did .
consequently ,  i needed to replace the current door .
i then purchase the acoustic research num_extend num_num mhz wireless headphones for a friend this christmas .
looks nice ,  but is a waste of your money .
my hands do not get hot in these gloves .
i was thinking it would be more like corn pops .
i actually cut my hand while closing it . also ,  in my opinion ,  the knife is too thin for its length .
it s very tight fitting and causes inner ear pressure that s very uncomfortable after a very short time .
i ve also had difficulties plugging in my charger with the case on .
i drank so much water in fact ,  that i constantly kept running to the bathroom so often .
the touch features work most of the time but suck for web browsing ,  games or typing .
even with the low price ,  i had hoped it would last longer .
purchased this ,  thinking i would be able to do some small chopping .
it s just that it only worked for num_num months .
and i have a very small butt and don t need much fabric .
i was hoping a glass bottle would be a better option since it was stronger than plastic .
he hasnt played with it that long yet ,  so i can t comment on the durability .
maybe it s defective ?  it s definitely not worth the $ we paid for it .
yes the belt was tight ,  wet ,  positioned properly etc .
the design and technology on this item is not good .
guess i ll return it and try paying more for one .
it almost doesn t work ,  because it s so flimsy and the clasps are not strong at all .
then i have shake it ,  or change the coarseness of the grind or just wait until it cools down .
unless you are wanting one just for cleaning ease ,  i wouldn t recommend the one .
it did an ok job of removing surface dirt ,  but no better than anything else i have used .
weak coffee ,  flavor didn t appeal to me either .
however ,  the product did not do anything for me . i will not waste my money on this product again .
the phone will get the job done ,  but it s no speed demon .
but it was definitely not easy to clean .
i have only been using it for a few months .
apparently ,  my phone is too snug a fit .
definitely not worth the price and the shipping .
my num_num month old received when he was num_num months .
the clear screen protector was not on securely .
i only bought it because it was massively on sale .
i believe this product was not good anymore .
but it s definitely not worth paying the price for something that doesn t work as it claims it will .
this is what happened . do not buy these ,  i wish i had not thrown the money away on these .
i do not know why i ignored over num_num one star reviews .
the noodles were nice and thick ,  but their flavor was too sour for my liking .
it s like a can of bug spray or lysol except it sprays oil .
finally one day while using it ,  the plastic handle split in two and broke .
the color is not that bad but the size kill it for me .
when this is empty i won t use it again .
when you kneel down to do something ,  it pops open ,  which allows the zipper to come undone .
i needed it to store data and to also take my num_extend on the road when i traveled .
this case does not fit well the iphone num_extend
i suffer from allergies and really hoped this product would give me some relief .
it s too bad because it has great design but maybe i expected too much from a $ toaster .
my old logitech elite keyboard  which i love  began being a bit too clacky .
i ordered two of these from the oem for cheap seller .
unless i m missing something here ,  i can see no reason to buy these again .
i now have something else to buy batteries num_extend
i was expecting american made quality ,  but these were cheap .
save your money and buy a different model grater .
first of all ,  it took me num_num minutes to even assemble the unit before i could use it .
i know there re good reviews all over for it ,  but for me ,  it didn t make the cut .
never before have i received compliments on a phone case .
i wear between num_extend to num_extend in certain brand name shoes .
there are way better ones out there cheaper than this one .
when i searched for a samsung galaxy num_extend charger this product popped up .
i sent the item back for a refund .
even gta num_num and num_num were better than this .
i was excited to receive these because of the good reviews ,  but was disappointed .
unreliable quality though good customer servicei purchased this back booster num_extend of them  somewhere else .
back to my non stick pan .  .  . i would take it camping ,  if i ever went camping .
i used this product with chicken ,  bell peppers ,  broccoli ,  mushrooms and zucchini squash .
needs installing software from the web to get your laptop to recognize it and make it num_extend
i don t understand how this thing has so many good reviews ! don t expect to throw or kick this around .
i have now had this product for num_num months .
my  relatively cheap  stereo came with an am radio antenae that plugged into the back .
either it is my phone which is under num_num years old ,  or the battery doesn t work .
super glue held it momentarily ,  then broke again .
these appeared after i used the skillet for the first time to fry chicken .
also ,  note that the mesh is not that fine .
i have small fingers ,  and it sometimes misinterprets the direction i pushed it in .
since i have slender feet ,  this hasn t happened with other shoes i ve tried before .
i like some of the starbucks via ,  but they are too expensive .
it s too low on the case which makes the case stick out when you wear it .
i eventually put back the original num_extend and that didn t help .
i followed the directions perfectly and was sadly disappointed !  .
anyhow ,  i vacuumed my wall to wall carpet with my bissel before i used this dyson .
will amend this review if there are any issues .
i had high hopes for this inexpensive device ,  but it barely works against average to small size scales .
i m using it by hand with a foam applicator ,  which never has scratched my finish when waxing .
it will not protect the device  like a case would  if it is dropped .
they are somewhat sticky ,  so your finger will stick and jump when trying to swipe across the screen .
in short ,  a truly mediocre cup of coffee ,  no matter the cup size  and i tried them all  .
the only good thing about this product is its cheap .
i bought num_num of these for my car ,  and only one of them worked .
it is big and bulky and poorly constructed .
so ,  i contaced amazon and had a replacement sent .
this is not the same as ativa dandelion tea .
so why did i buy a screen protectors ?  the phone salesman said i would love them .  .  . waste of time .
don t make any sudden movements or bend over to pick something up or they will fall off .
i opened it up and nothing is broken; it just doesn t work .
and after num_num uses now ,  it s not even flavorless .
it s scratched up  used  and the cord is shorter .
ughhh !  !  ! the battles were too easy .  . even on the hardest setting .
i ended up getting rid of it for an easier to maintain strainer .
also ,  the cover seems to be cheaply made from flisy material ,  definitely not worth the money .
i also have owned theplantronics discovery num_num bluetooth earpiece ,  so i ve been through my fair share of bluetooth earpieces .
i had alot of allergies to this which caused sneezing all the time .
bought this one thinking that since the old one was kinda small ,  i should get the large .
unfortunately this was not at all what i expected .
when it does work ,  people complain about excessive background noise and a whooshing sound .
i opened my door this afternoon to find that a big box from amazon . com had been delivered .
the charger doesn t work and doesn t appear to be designed for these batteries .
after that ,  things went downhill pretty quickly . the next morning ,  i broke out the new griddle to make some pancakes .
this is a toaster pastry  pop tarts  ,  which comes in num_extend x num_extend inch little bars .
it worked well ,  but after constant use for num_num weeks they broke .
i didn t really see the improvement with the sound over the num_extend while it was working .
i wound up finishing up with the knife after all .
the instructions say to mix it with num_num ml of hot water .
i can appreciate a looser fit but these are falling off .
very thin ,  not that great range of sizes and pretty short too .
so ,  no biggie ,  i ordered another startech part ,  again ,  only to receive an inferior substitute .
i put in a dvd and started watching .
i d consider the braun num_extend but it isn t num_extend
these are ok ,  but difficult to apply correctly .
somewhat deceptive since the info states it works with ipads ,  etc . also ,  shape of headset doesn t contour to my head .
i keep it in dark ,  sealed container and num_extend
however ,  that protection is on all the time ,  so at the slightest sign of trouble  e . g .
but when i went to try it on it was far too small for me .
i ll be looking for another flour mix now !  .
i don t hate it ,  but i wouldn t buy it again .
the options at target were limited ,  so i thought i d give this a try .
i am now shopping on amazon for a different brand .
but now that leaves me with the factory battery that doesn t last half an hour .
makes it tough to insert and remove from one s pocket .
in this instance ,  you get what you pay for .
this product was not at all what i expected .
i do not like this cell phone case it doesnot look the same .
i have only done boiling water bath canning before and had some fears of pressure canners .
if there is no wholesome food available ,  this could do .
i am still corcern because i agree with most reviews it did left my hair drying and unmanaged .
i sold this game back to a store for a fraction of what i paid for it .
the sound quality on this version is not as good .
i needed a new battery since its life was now only good for a few hours .
yes ,  you can buy a part for it ,  but it isn t worth it .
i didnt get a true taste of coffee .
except for the carafe ,  this coffeemaker seems really cheap .
my daughter begged me for one of these things .
don t bother . feels like it s made of some plastic material  though i m sure it s not  .
my local grocery store was clearing out these for $ each .
the previous model; num_extend did not last long; did not know if it was the battery or the electronics .
she has a galaxy num_extend and it struggled to pair with the headset .
i honestly don t get what the big deal is with this product .
which leads me to believe the stuff is very cheaply made ,  despite the hype .
i ordered a case for the samsung galaxy num_extend and received an ipod case in a beat up box .
otherwise save some money and buy a cheaper one from sony or panasonic .
the big problem is it makes using the phone so much harder .
i would suggest purchasing one of the other sets .
the  grips  at the end irritate the skin on my fingersas its too rough .
but dont fit well the iphone . was a mistake .
i ll rely on the small mag light i already have in the car .
i tried the jaybird freedom num_num earbuds ,  the plantronics back beat go num_extend and the motorola num_extend
i was really excited to get this case .
after closer inspection ,  some of the cups aren t well sealed when they come out of the box .
so annoying because i also had a cuisinart coffee maker quit on me after a few months too .
when my old pressure cooker broke ,  i thought i d treat myself and get an expensive one .
at first i thought it was not hot at all .
there are a lot of glass windows in the environment ,  but they are not designed to be breakable .
i was busy for almost an hour cleaning it all up .
make no mistake about it ,  you will eventually pay the price for wearing cheap sunglasses .
the blade is very thin and it is not securely attached to the handle .
num_extend is needed for most of today s smartphones ,  but this charger should be enough for a bluetooth headset .
the cost was low so i thought why not .
the idea is if you don t have a wireless modem or router ,  but do have an internet connection  i . e .
but i didn t believe them ,  i thought  that s why i m buying it  .
i was excited to add this to my sons sand tale toys .
right now ,  my samsung charge shows % battery after very light use for num_num hours .
idk why people like this ,  except that it seems like a sturdy machine ,  it is a bit heavy .
it was very difficult to get the air bubbles out .
when i bought this item ,  it didn t list that it was made in china .
when i plugged them in to my ipod ,  though ,  i found that there was something wrong .
even for less than $ its not worth anything .
just not the quality i have come to expect .
the replacement piece i got was working flawlessly for num_num weeks .
perhaps mine is unusually noisy but somehow i doubt it .
i dont think it has double the battery life of the original battery .
you would think it would work the same but it doesn t .
the coffee beans are apparently micronized so you barely notice the fine grounds you are drinking .
save your money ,  and buy a bore sight that comes with the laser included for the same price .
these headphones work as they re supposed to ,  but the fit is so poor it s weird .
i wish there was another speed setting for night use . this fan is too powerful and too loud .
one would think it would not being cast iron .
when opening and closing the blade ,  there is an obvious squeak from the coated blade rubbing the side walls .
oh my !  !  !  !  !  !  !  this product hurts me trying to put it in my ear .
my wife s phone dropped out of it several times because if it .
the non stick interior coating is coming off in large areas and rusting .
but i sure wish i had read these reviews before buying it .
it was very inexpensive  thankfully  and is not worth returning .
too much to spend just to get these headphones back up and running .
i ve bought several ,  they break after only a few weeks no matter how careful you are with them .
if so ,  i will revise my review accordingly .
all in all it is not a very good buy .
these are extremely small and there s no way the size is a num_extend
at times ,  it does not connect to my phone properly .
it s a reasonable price but you lack quality in what you want .
its the only good thing about the product .
i will observe them when they come back and update if this is in fact an num_extend
really wanted this product to work ,  but to no avail .
however for eight dollars ,  it is extremely cheaply made . prosinexpensivebig dialconscheaply manufacturedthe lens feels like plastic ,  not glass .
i don t use the spatula very often now .
i installed this hu in my truck after receiving it in january .
for an item that is retailing above $ and with an msrp of over $ i was pretty disappointed .
i only payed $ for this game at a used game shop .
i bought this a few years ago and thought it was absolute garbage .
not the best way to protect your phone ,  but that s to be expected with the price .
this one lasted num_num months and i just bought myself a dyson to replace it .
this lens is cheap ,  and for a reason .
believe me ,  i have never had that experience before .
at least for me this product didn t work at all .
it s not that i bought the wrong size .
just spend your money on an oem one .
it does make froth but not stiff enough to stay on top of the coffee .
don t wast your money on this battery china made won t hold charge .
i have pretty bad environmental allergies and have tried almost everything .
i honestly did not notice any difference in my face using it .
i will not be purchasing a new one one i upgrade my iphone to the num_extend later this year .
this product was extremely cheap when i ordered it .
power is intermittent ,  will shut off whenever it wants .
it should have had a ptt button on the headset itself .
using a different brand in a large can ,  i had trouble prying the top off the can .
but even paying for it myself ,  it currently costs me only a little over $ per capsule .
i purchased this num_num months ago for my son s xbox num_extend
but it wasn t even close to being mildly hot .
after your shower ,  put a little in your hands and rub them together and then apply to your hair .
the scissors aren t particularly sharp ,  but i expect that with an inexpensive pair of scissors .
they say that they fit our evo num_extend but they are to large leaving bubbles on the screen .
this isn t bad ,  but it s too sweet for me .
i really hoped it would be what the reviews stated .
on the plus side ,  it does fit snugly on my iphone num_num and adds very little bulk .
i guess since it s cheap ,  i couldn t get too mad ,  but i wouldn t recommend this to anyone .
i am not sure if the product was too diluted or it simply did not work .
unfortunately ,  this press leaves a layer of usable garlic stuck up against the grate after you press the clove .
hearing callers and being heard does not seem to be an issue . cons :  it s always disconnecting .
i was so excited to get these vegan soups .
it s very thin and doesn t seem very durable .
anyways its cheap . its cheap ,  did i mention that ?  .
i used it for about a week and it s just way too hydrating .
bland kind of heavy dry texture but crunchy .
a stainless rack would be just as cheap to them ,  but would look so much better .
i was also missing a piece as well .
i have worn a size num_num panty for about num_num years .
now this stuff is supposed to taste like sweet tea .
the type of rubber used and construction is very cheap and fragile .
i tried it on my laptop and no pressure at all .
plug it in and no lights or anything come on even after putting batteries in to charge .
i had it for less than a week .
unfortunately the protector is so thick that the touchscreen no longer works after the screen is applied .
it s also more pink and less natural than i was hoping for .
it was a disappointment because it was expensive .
the blouse was cheap and i got what i paid for .
i m so glad i only bought a sample size .
however ,  it is way to noisy even at the lowest setting .
first of all it s crazy expensive ,  and second of all it s very bitter .
too bad it just doesn t sound very good .
the product quality and packing for the price was disappointing .
they just don t seem as high quality and substantial as they used to .
not what ordered  got for a cheap price and that s exactly what i got .
i really don t like them because they are bulky and heavy .
you may want to buy some more expensive and serious gears ,  otherwise just go on with something cheaper .
i have some large  rival  brand canisters that would hold a seal for a day or two ,  junk .
it worked fine for awhile and then all of a sudden just stopped working .
this shoe is really narrow and i could barely get my foot into it .
i would like to exchange for something of use in a larger size .
also ,  the stickers do not adhere to the body very well .
the cable is not long enough to reach usb ports on the right side of the machine .
it is not one of my go to spatulas .
i tried a size bigger and smaller than my normal shoe size .
buy at least num_num to num_num sizes up .
would be better to get a polarizer or some other type of filter than this one .
after using these ,  i think i will stick to the ones i get at walmarts for $
in fact i bought num_num boxes on sale and still have num_num left .
you really don t need more than two pots for cooking a meal for one to four people .
also ,  since a headset is better for road use  and safer  ,  again ,  an external speakerphone seems useless .
it makes it much more slippery ,  think silicone baking sheet or a silpat .
unfortunately ,  even with a cup of coffee that wasn t very hot ,  the first thing you taste is hot splenda .
i thought this would have been as durable as a nylabone ,  but not even close .
hi ,  i can t believe i fell for all the other reviews .
i ve recycled other jars with plastic lids and never had this problem .
i didn t have much money for a tripod when i bought this .
i tried this product for about a month on my samoyed .
i purchased this install kit to replace the factory stereo on my num_num num_extend xlt .
but when your using the phone ,  its very awkward holding the flip cover behind you phone .
does it really work ?  i have no idea .
flimsy metal bends and dents if you look at it wrong .
first this is not a standard sized pan .
the music itself isn t so bad ,  but it is quite repetitive .
also ,  according to the description ,  the product is  hand or dishwasher safe  but item tag says hand wash only .
not extendable ,  and they look like the cheapest shears i have ever seen .
so ,  i sent it back and ordered a num_extend in white .
i had to refill it with more splashing . i ll try it again and update if things change .
you get what you pay for ,  but it is worthless .
mine is a bit too snug ,  although it fits .
the ones i bought were for a iphone num_extend
the item is fine but it s way too big and i ve used it once then i gave it away .
you have to add on num_num for wireless internet .
i was made to believe that if i buy both ,  i could get this for free .
it was only $ and the last one .
i have been using this lg phone for several months and find it difficult ,  at best to manage competently .
it wasnt a huge loss because the price was low but doubt i would buy another one .
i tried for a few weeks but couldn t get it to work satisfactorily ,  so i took it back in .
most modern smartphone external battery chargers use num_num to num_extend of electricity .
i am glad i only bought the small size .
the blues and greens are not the same pigment as the others .
i have several bluetooth headsets and headphones and i have never heard anything as bad as these .
i ve been cooking for many years and i ve never seen a stainless steel pot do this .
it s cheap and so i think you get what you paid for .
if i had larger dogs ,  i would probably opt for a larger container .
i ordered two of these at the same time and neither really works .
again ,  i purchased this new and didn t get around to it till now .
i was hoping it would be easy to read .
it has been about a month now and still nothing .
i called amazon ,  and they replaced the shipment with another one .
its easier to do a num_num replacement then this num_num replacement .
i ve used it several times and the result is the same .  .  . nothing .
i would actually give it four stars for the home user but i think it is overpriced at $
first ,  i thought it might be my phone since it is about two years old .
purchased for my num_num month old  at the time  .
plus ,  why is this so pricey and better than % hibiclens at num_num dollars a bottle ?  .
this unit was intended to handle the large room .
then ,  i discovered i d actually bought num_num packages the last time ,  and i had some in my storage room .
not worth the money; poor quality ,  too lightweight .
i had to buy a more expensive alternative .
i usually don t like to leave bad reviews .
for the price ,  i was expecting something a lot sturdier .
i ordered it from amazon on october num_extend num_extend
it is too large and good for obese guys . rough cheap cloth .
apparently due to enviromental concerns the previous generation used a different battery that lasted forever .
this one looked like new when i had to throw it in the trash .
leaves a fuzz on pics when the flash is on .
in fact ,  it s bordering looking on the cheap side  i suppose for the price ,  i shouldn t be surprised  .
the texture is not as smooth as their competitor .
this never happens with all the other brands i have used .
these are another cheap product from china that is not meant to fit every foot size either .
i heard this was an amzing product ,  but it s certainly not for everyone .
this wire is aluminum with a thin copper coating .
this doesn t work with the htc one model .
the sound effects and music ,  were good ,  but very repetative .
i had high hopes for this product due to all the great reviews but was only left disappointed .
peeled a bag of potatoes and a couple carrots with this peeler .
i just need to stop being lazy and buy a new bt headset .
i may save it to use for a few days next year since i use an artificial christmas tree .
i have purchased defender cases from retailers and from amazon with the same results .
i was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time .
i bought these looking for something that would dry quickly after a quick wash in the sink .
the smell is something out of this world ,  it s difficult to describe .
and imagine they work in some areas and not in others .
i have bought num_num of these in the past num_num months .
first it didn t look as good as the picture .
i see that most reviews are postive so it most likely just something that does not appeal to me .
for now num_num star until i use it and may update my review .
i bought this battery as a replacement less than a year ago .
not too bad ,  but i wouldn t buy again .
i bought this so i could use a dvi cable and hook my pc to my tv .
when i received this i was quite disappointed as this thing is so small .
same brand ,  same number ,  not the same quality .
while this waffle maker makes good waffles ,  the design is not well executed .
i bought this hoping it would help clear me up ,  when ,  in fact ,  it did quite the opposite .
not worth it !  although the price was very low ,  the items were not worth anything .
download opera mini to get a better browser .
i m disappointed with the performance of this product .
i bought this on another site because i think i had a better price there .
a long time ago i purchased a set of pyrex measuring cups :  num_num cup ,  num_num cup ,  and num_num cup .
i honestly cannot believe you like the sound on these .
but i have very little expectation it will be any better .
i have stuff i needed to scrub really hard to get clean .
i tried to reset ,  and every thing else .
it is thick ,  so only a little bit is needed ,  but it isn t fully absorbed by my skin .
it worked maybe num_num months and then stopped working .
put the num_extend one in ,  and it did the same thing .
i wear a num_extend so i there s no heavy lifting .
there were several negative reviews for this and i have to add mine .
i m still searching for ear buds that stay put .
also the handle is pretty cheap feeling . now onto the maker itself .
i immediately realized the battery is out of juice .
it is difficult to put it on and take it off .
it only seems expensive ,  because you re getting so much .
i bought these in xl and they were too small .
i was looking for something that i would use occasionally .
since the other reviews seem to all be positive maybe it s just me .
mine broke the first time i used it .
i was so looking forward to this shaped pillow .
i ve had this replacement for about num_num months and now it has quit as well .
household junk i know is in my kitchen somewhere .
the only thing this thermometer does  at least easily  is set for beef ,  pork or poultry .
the noise canceling feature was just noticeable i . e .
either that or they have been exposed to extreme heat or something .
when i compare them to the couple of pieces of my old set ,  these are thinner . as for the color .
i d never seen that happen to my silverware before .
i honestly got about num_num charges from one battery pack before it failed .
oh ,  and also ,  it is not a very good consistency .
bought num_num unit for me and my gf .
i was excited to try these ,  as they get rave reviews .
this worked for a week then ,  suddenly stopprd .
this is some kind of cheap material that is  hard  rather than soft and luxurious .
if this product isn t improved soon ,  i wouldn t purchase it again .
yes pretty thin but they opted for num_num aaa battery .
it does keep charging despite this led display weirdness till the powerplant s battery is really dead . now comes the problem .
don t be misled by these other positive reviews ,  i would be surprised if you were happy with these headphones .
it was so tight i couldn t get the phone out of it .
i wish i would have spent more for a better one .
after a power outage ,  i connected my refrigerator to this power supply .
to me it wasnt really worth the price but maybe its just the remover it came with .
i had no problems with the seller ,  they sent it immediately but the cable itself is way below standards .
i m back to caffeine . all i was left with after consuming this drink mix was a bad after taste .
i was nervous that most of the negative reviews talked about it s lack of durability .
is not worth the couple of dollars  or less  i paid for it .
not a big deal ,  but sort of strange .
the cable is not htc and doesn t have the feel of a genuine htc cable .
also it weighs a ton  not really but you know what i mean  .
i guess these were ok if you don t need eggs that close .
it can be eaten as is or poured over pasta ,  rice ,  a baked potato ,  etc .
i ended up buying something else that is larger .
i have been playing it non stop since yesterday at num_extend a . m .
so the case looks dirty after a while .
i have had much better coffee and my husband calls me a coffee snob .
its a shame ,  because everything else is bluetooth and this would be the one to get for wifi .
although weight ,  sound and battery are good ,  i really dislike this headset s design .
then i made another batch of that pizza dough .
i saw a commercial for a more expensive version and cheaped out and bought this instead .
i am not worried about the added ingredients of tomato sauce ,  oil ,  water ,  etc .
i wish i would have read more reviews .
if you don t scrub you can t remove it .
and there was no sound leakage yet very loud when you wear em  .
so i immediately came back to amazon and ordered another one .
on my first use liquid spill all over my countertop and into the blender motor .
pairing it with my cell phone yields very limited utility .
and on the box it says num_num watts .
it isn t awful tasting but not that good tasting and definitely not the same texture as lo mein .
not so sure i would have bought this if i saw it in person first .
i wouldn t pay more than $ for this in a store .
it doesn t give too powerful bass like my other walkman .
the remote control is ok . but the earbuds are horrible !  they are very sensitive to your particular  ear anatomy  .
it s very small and doesn t stick well on the side of the sink .
i had an old adapter for my num_num port to check it .
what did i want for this price anyway ?  .
it would honestly be cheaper to purchase all the items in this kit separately .
they are heavy ,  not stackable ,  and easily break .
i m glad i have less than $ into mine because its not worth the retail price .
glad i bought only num_num to try and cheaply at $ each .
unfortunately i did not have the results promoted with the product .
there s at least as much pepper on these as there is salt ,  and there s too much of both .
unfortunately ,  they don t cling to the screen very well .
i thought maybe it was a defective item so i exchanged it .
very disappointed . i can t recommend this product ,  but some seem to have no issues .
you can just as easily use any object ,  an old bike chain even .
i have iphone num_extend in outerbox protective case .
the same thing happened when i ordered resmed filters and was sent resmed style filters that were cheap copies .
i would not buy again . i had to purchase new screen covers due to the darkness of your product .
i ve been using it for a month now and can see no difference .
i began having issues num_num weeks into using the machine .
but the next time i turned my computer on ,  the speakers where fine .
but it didn t fit my iphone num_extend all that well .
cheap but u get what u pay for that is all sigh .
that s not to say it won t work for you .
and it seems cheap compared to the oem charger that came with my phone .
during the year ,  i dropped the phone and num_num times the case busted apart ,  until it finally broke .
mixture should boil gently over entire surface for num_num to num_num minutes .
liked the color of this hat ,  buuuuuut ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  once again not made with enough material .
not sure if i want to take a chance on anything more expensive or not .
first off i do not recommend paying full price .
i am going to say this is a vastly over rated product .
it was really cheap ,  so i bought this for my wife s phone .
i haven t used it much so i don t know if it will work .
i have a smaller one of these but this one warped immediately .
to top it off ,  i logged on amazon . com to print the return label ,  and the battery is $ cheaper .
i used it to bake a chicken at num_num degrees .
the stylus creates marks on the screen protector and this screen protector is not self healing .
i found the material to be thin and not satisfactory .
i loosened the adjustment screw but it still is hard to get out .
the plastic does not appear to me to be a high heat engineering plastic .
the existing carafe looked the same and was num_extend high ,  just like the product description for this product .
another issue i have is the battery life .
so i bought this thing ,  i caught it on sale for num_num or num_num i think .
the previous one lasted num_num years on similar scenario .
at night ,  after people to to sleep ,  then i can use internet .
when it worked it was ok but very disappointed that the product crapped out so fast .
it was only after i had it on for a while that i began to feel differently .
maybe it will work for you ,  but it did not work for me .
i now only get about a week and a half before it needs recharging .
for me it was too sweet and did not taste too much like kiwi fruit .
don t let the so called sale price get you like it did me .
i well be looking for a better model asap .
this battery is not new in any way .
well ,  for me it s been a pretty lame product .
i bought num_num of these things about a year ago with the intention of learning to use them .
the next couple of days it worked alright and then stopped ,  altogether .
this product ,  on the other hand ,  is nothing special .
much better cases out there for this phone .
all it means is that you paid more .
i didn t see any difference at all in my dishwasher after using this .
essentially ,  what the screen feels like without a protector .
i feel foolish now for buying this product after seeing that it had a high rating .
the usb cable that comes with this is very cheap and not name brand at all .
i was replacing old mandoline and this did not fulfill that .
i don t mind noisy toys ,  but this one is grating to my ears .
i had the num_extend for less than a year when one day it just stopped working .
i ve been very careful with this pan ,  using only wood or plastic utensils and washing by hand only .
you cant charge your phone with it on ,  so thats annoying .
its not that roomy at all . i like the style ,  but wont buy another .
i wouldnt buy it again ,  its expensive too .
the batteries that i got only lasted me a few months .
there is nothing wiry or sharp to dig into my ear .
i told amazon to do research about this product and perhaps take it off its shelves but we ll see .
there is almost no bass in these earphones .
logic should tell them that i bought the unit .
i wanted it to hold my iphone in the car .
it removed a chunk of my precious cake when i almost finished torting .
when you upgrade to a new phone ,  this thing is no good to you .
i ve owned this product for about num_num months .
these are not the only shoes that i wear .
but it s a weak stream of water and the default clip size is tiny .
it was unable to charge the phone while i had it on and in use for navigation .
it charges so slow ,  and will lose power when i navigate and use the phone heavily .
if i cooked it a little longer ,  it burn t quickly ,  while other pieces on the device were still rubbery .
while these bowls are of medium weight  for a stainless steel set  ,  they are almost comically small .
love their clippers ,  but their blades lack quality .
now i m going to target to buy a new chopper .
i have a flat piece for my galaxy num_extend
there is a small rubber o ring on the spout to seal the water in the bottle .
the surface feels somewhat slippery ,  almost as bad as glass ,  which lends less control to your knife num_extend
i decided to risk it ,  and now i regret it .
i thought i was getting the same thing .
which is relatively inexpensive ,  being sold for $ is absurd .
i wear a num_num num_extend shoe when available .
it is easily the slowest toaster i have ever used .
the life of this battery is equal to or less than the life of the original battery .
while the blades on these are nice nothing else is .
it might work for the car or inside a crate ,  but i still think it s a bit too thin .
maybe i will try it in juice like another reviewer suggested .
i don t feel comfortable when it is on .
in every single song ,  the bass was such prevalent force that everything else is drowned out .
not a very good choice . as other reviewers have mentioned ,  the beep on this thing is annoying .
i really hoped this would have worked ,  but unfortunately it was a let down .
customs ,  as the seal looks to be intact ,  in one piece and not torn off by someone .
not good quality ,  even for the price  which i think was $
every time i buy a new set of these they are duller and lighter than the ones before .
going to give them a few more washes and if the smell doesn t go away i ll return them .
its hard to move the little slider one way or the other .
the clip that holds the pedal is also cheap plastic .
i bought this really hoping it would work ,  but it s horrible .
i did have the ear insert plastic break ,  requiring glueing .
now with this num_extend system ,  they made counterparts to the num_num bit games .
the iphone does not stand as in the picture ,  it is almost vertical and seems it will fall anytime .
i have bought num_num sets ,  in the last num_num months .
unfortunately ,  this product has too much pepper for me .
i had no idea it would be so orange and have so much shimmer .
it s also really light and dry .  .  .  .  .  .  . i like buttery popcorn .
also it took almost num_num months for the package to arrive .
this looks like an awesome toy but it just isn t .
you pour in the water ,  put the tea  loose or bags  in the filter tray .
i have used a minidisc recorder to do this but wanted something that would easily inferface with my computer .
when i saw the size of the box ,  i was worried .
the colors were pretty good ,  but it was so hard to use it .
it did work for a few months ,  but there seems to be a short somewhere now .
unplugged the macally ,  computer ran fine on just battery .
i really should have done more homework before i purchased this product .
as mentioned previously ,  i also like the unscented version because it contains no dyes or perfumes .
i have been carrying this knife for about two months .
i thought that this would be an acceptable design ,  but i was wrong .
i ve a num_extend for over two years now .
like a fluval num_extend has all num_num filtration plus one more .
if not ,  i strongly suggest getting something with a digital tuner .
you need to be sure that your measurements  proportion of rice to water  are exact .
i will be replacing it as soon as i can get a different case .
i then attached the other end of this wire to the new battery .
at first the cable seem to work well but in a short period of time they quit working .
but the biggest reason i say not to buy this is the price .
they had no more ,  so i ordered one from amazon .
any decent smoothie would blow this away for nutrition .
i don t have any problems eating broccoli ,  brussels sprouts ,  cabbage ,  cauliflower or kale .
the other issue is that the screen cover doesn t offer great clarity .
the connection with my phone wasn t as clear as one of my previous motorola s .
it s been a week and i have had no problems what so ever .
i bought this one after my old one broke ,  and this one gives off to much static .
anyway ,  i ordered two because i thought they were basically flimsy hard plastic and might need some extras .
i hate it and am frustrated with it .
i have used it a few times and its just lying in my cabinet .
i was not happy with the actual color when it arrived .
the only problem is ,  they begin to loosen over time .
battery life is okay ,  but there are plenty of other phones that get better battery life .
i had to return this after trying it on .
there are also times when a sound effect should be heard ,  but isn t .
it turns out it is sugar cut with stevia so you are still using sugar ,  just less of it .
i now have num_num thermometers that are registering num_num different temperatures .
however ,  i still feel one star is warranted due to the misrepresentation of a used product as new .
i would suggest another option a rechargeable option .
i don t even think this headset is recyclable !  .
not really a down side as i view it .
i got pretty frustrated trying to take my own measurements using this tape measure before recently starting a diet .
for my purposes a sewn on ,  adjustable strap with a clip would be much better .
i have used it no more than five times since i bought this a few months ago .
i ordered this thinking it was courser than it is .
i m matt finish on the protectormake anything white on screen look like rainbow .
i am an experience bread machine user having owned several bread machines over the past num_num years .
if you wanna try it out for $ your not gonna really break the bank .
however , imho ,  it is not worth the current price .
generally i do not have problems in that area .
num_extend insufficient noise :  first ,  it s not loud enough even in the highest possible setting .
the cover came and at first it was nice but the label on back started to fall off .
other than these few nitpicks ,  it s not that bad .
after purchasing it ,  i decided to read the reviews on amazon .
i wouldn t say this is a bad product .
this filter was good at first until i noticed that the reflection off it is terrible .
i bought this because everyone raved about the taste and no aftertaste .
i had to finger brush it for a few minutes until it quit shedding .
plus i m a size num_num and this was too big .
i tried to apply this once and it had a few bubbles .
i know i didn t pay much but i was hoping to use it more than once .
it was not as sturdy as i hoped t would be .
the metal and plastic are not flush as the picture shows ,  .
after reading the many glowing reviews of this pan ,  my dear hubby purchased num_num for our bread making .
i do not see this brush any different from the other dozen brushes i have purchased over the years .
putting it in my pocket ,  plugging it in ,  whatever .
i returned the unit to the vendor and received a new unit .
i m glad it works for some people ,  but not for me .
we bought this to replace a broken farberware pot of similar design .
i like my pants really long ,  and these are not long at all .
they drain your phone causing one to eventually replace iphone battery at num_num bucks .
with an num_num for num_num record so far ,  i have to give this product one star .
i am glad i bought it from amazon because they took it back with no question s asked .
egm actually gave it two num_extend and a num_extend
i did purchase for my new galaxy num_extend though .
i can t see any difference at all when i use this .
and unfortunately i was right .  . it is overly sweetened with sugar .
why do they have a flashlight on it .
it only charges batteries to % max ,  no matter how long you charge .
lights flash  constantly  but not a peep out of it .
i have num_num computers and one dsl modem .
i purchased num_extend of these cases ,  one for my wife s phone and one for mine .
portable media players with hard drives that amount to num_num gig .
so ,  i am an experienced bread maker . my first loaf of bread ,  made with a favorite recipe failed .
now i see why this thing was only $ retail .
so you get num_num of each which they count as num_num items and hen you have num_num pieces left .
i ordered a large ,  and they fit me kind of as expected ,  but they were way too short .
so ,  is it worth $ only if you plan on using it for num_num months .
but !  it only held air for the first couple of weeks .
i had to contact product support and they send me a new replacement item .
so i did not open it but returned it .
easy to use ,  falls apart and rips way too easy .
after only a few minutes of use ,  it started blowing back really hot air .
i put the anker battery back in and it went back into the reboot mode .
needless to say that it is a good idea ,  but just did not work for me .
i bought this item after an unsatisfactory purchase of an ipaq .
maybe the flavored coffees just aren t for me .
i returned it for a refund and bought the hoover empower from amazon .
i ve tried ,  i really wanted this phone to be great given all the features ,  but can t stand it .
maybe i got a fluke bad one ,  because i have never seen sony products of less than great quality .
do yourself a favor and get a better stylus by paying a little more .
but ,  i saw these in the dollar store for $
only a little over a year and now it needs repair .
i ve been using it as a body wash in order to give it some use .
in order of num_extend it is extremely loud .
it doesn t go into battery safe mode or have an option to turn off .
but because of its lack of reliability ,  i honestly cannot recommend it .
so i suspect this replacement battery is certainly not the same thing .
i wore them for the first time last night .
it s really really heavy for a small roaster .
this is bad cold iced coffee with a somewhat synthetic chemical like taste .
much of the time ,  you get what you pay for .
in the case of this item ,  you get just what you pay for $ in protection .
i have anther i purchased a few years ago and thought i was ordering the same screen .
very difficult to use any side buttons covered by the case .
after trying it out for over a week ,  i sent it back .
this is a glove box cheapy to put in the car .
i thought being a kong product it would be much more durable but alas .  .  . not .
well i was looking for a cheapy and this was .
but all of a sudden the price was jacked up from $ to $
i was under the impression a case was to help protect the phone .
so ,  your initial investment for one num_extend phone is about $
i tried it in another vcr and the same thing happened .
the case was a little thin and kind of flimsy .
will not stop me from purchasing from amazon this is the first time i ve had a problem .
will be trying a silicone one in the future .
overall ,  there are other products with a better value for the dollar .
i only had it for about a month .
thats why im telling you to save your money and buy something better !  !  this is what you do .
i ordered this for my num_num year old .
i was looking for a  taller  num_num quart sauepan so i could use my immersion blender in the pot .
the blades would go about num_num feet tops and it was a little hard to pull .
at first i was really excited about it .
i am not a huge fan of this product .
delivery took num_num days longer than estimated ,  even though it said the item was in stock .
i brewed it weak and strong and prefered it on the weak side .
it is hard to describe what i expected when i order this type of product .
on my unix workstation the num_num coax cable is num_extend in diameter .
it was by far inferior to the much less expensive products widely available .
i will try to order the kind i had ,  which is mr .
after num_num years use ,  the spent battery cases were like new . these helios batteries only lasted num_extend years .
i bought this a while back but just put it on num_num days ago .
unfortunately i didn t read the other reviews before purchasing like i usually do .
at one time i had about ten wilton round pans in two and three inch depths .
first ,  the beam of light is far too focused .
i bought the pricey one because i d had so many cheaper ones fall apart .
i also used the powersupply that came with it so low power didn t cause it to go nuts .
for now ,  for me ,  this isn t the right cell phone charger .
this item was cheap and is cheaply made .
the only upside is that if you re working on your grip strength ,  these will probably help .
the quality of the picture is too blurry .
i ve had this charger for over a year ,  it gets very light use and it stopped working .
heck ,  amazon even pays for the return shipping .
the one i got feels  gritty  when attaching it ,  like it s grinding on the connectors when it shouldn t be .
not as important in an rpg ,  and actually ,  i kind of like the graphics here .
i wasn t expecting it to last a lifetime ,  but it stopped working after num_num weeks of using it .
i stopped using it after only a week .
my son was so excited to get this toy ,  purchased from amazon .
based on the reviews ,  this is not what i expected at all .
i charged it to % which is important because the battery life is horrible and texted my friend .
i disassembled the unit which was easy enough ,  but reassembling after fixing the issue was not .
not offensive but definitely not a  grown up  smell .
it actullay didnt protect my phone like it was supposed to .
i m really baffled by how many good reviews there are for this product .
however ,  this coating peels of rather quickly and makes it look cheap .
this is by no means a professional quality product .
spend the money and get the better ones .
this way it won t be so stiff preventing movement .
i didn t really like using it that much ,  it was messy .
i rather have the loud headphone ,  because i m deaf .
but for $ i wasn t going to chuck it for that .
it did not have any smell nor did my skin feel softer .
it makes my bathroom look like an institution or cheap hotel .
based on the reviews ,  i was extremely excited to try this out .
that s about the only positive thing i can say about it .
it s been sitting on my shelf for several years now .
i will not use it for everyday .  .  .  . maybe for traveling .
i never saw a potato i didn t like ,  that is until i made this today .
this an awful device that is difficult to assemble for use ,  and very greasy to clean up .
i would agree with reviewers that rate this speaker phone num_num or num_num stars .
if your buying this to sooth your pets gums ,  for teething ,  i give it num_num star .
at num_extend it takes the ipad a really ,  really long time to charge .
this case doesn t look the same in person .
but it doesn t take up much room and doesn t cost much ,  so it wasn t a huge loss .
i can use the earpiece to make or receive a call ,  talk for a few minutes ,  hang up .
it just glides my razor literally without getting hair .
and it s too bad ,  because it could be a really great little device .
hood ,  i ordered it from the amazon marketplace .
i m not a hearing expert or audio engineer .
way too small for what i needed them for .
the flexible turner is a bit too flexible .
that was two size increments below what i would take in a shoe size .
there s not much physical or mental skill required .
for that reason ,  i updated my review from num_num stars to num_num  although num_extend stars would be about perfect  .
i expected it to last a few years at least for num_num bucks .
i did get my refund when requesting a return ,  so it wasn t a total loss .
i didn t have real good results with this product .
they aren t that much more than this set ,  if you look hard enough ,  and they last forever .
i guess you get what you pay for and these were cheap cheap cheap .
whatever it is ,  it is a design flaw .
i would not recommend this product simply because there are many others out there to try .
you get what you pay for ,  i guess .
the same sweetness and flavor doesn t even compare .
it is difficult to find and press the buttons .
i am used to using the irock  a battery version with only num_num stations  for long drives .
i only bought white because they were cheaper than the retail color sets .
it imitates a phone but it is way too big to hold in a baby s hand .
so i have a basic uniden blue tooth that was about $
being new to crockpots ,  i hope to find something that truly slow cooks .
i decided to give this set a try since it seemed affordable and reviews were not poop .
i thought there was something wrong with our tv when we started using it .
this would be okay for yoga or walking ,  but i want to run and do high intensity aerobics .
at least amazon let me return it broken .
if you just want a pretty phone that is very nearly useless ,  get this .
repeated cleaning with scratcher again ,  a little better each time ,  but still not totally num_extend
in fact i was rather disappointed that a cup of coffee outperformed this product .
too watery and the taste wasn t that fantastic .
as the rest of the reviews indicate  those i did not trust when i decided to buy them anyway  .
they also seem cheaply made from the inside to the outside .
this is because ,  unlike blackberry cases made before num_extend it is not all leather .
i was very excited to try this food .
ordered for my son s mytouch and screen protector was way too big .
i was afraid the bluetooth would fall off if i adjusted it too num_extend the sound quality is unreliable .
not a little darker and i d say darker than tan .
i had to cut the rest with scissors .
i just bought two pairs ,  and returned them both after looking at them .
if your stuck with this bag ,  you can use a plastic zip tie to secure it better .
returned item to amazon but only if i don t pay for shipping since the item was so cheap .
its incredibly slim fit has caused some to swear that i am carrying an iphone num_extend
but i used it on mine ,  and and odd noise popped up when i inserted the disc .
i used it for several days and had a couple of problems .
if you drop your iphone a lot do not purchase this .
it has to be for the iphone num_extend
also ,  to have such a long string is num_extend
no bass ,  ok for voice ,  but otherwise a cheap pair of headphones .
save your money and buy something of better quality instead .
it is not worth the plastic its made of .
your compression bags are no better than giant ziplocks ,  which are cheaper and i think even sturdier .
this stuff took off the top layer of my nails pretty far down almost to the quick .
i m glad i didn t pay the original price for these .
i can t really say it s the lack of efficacy of the product .
however ,  after using it for another num_num months the same thing happened .
have to scrub to get the make up off .
i thought i was getting a good deal at the time ,  but i don t think so anymore .
it was cheap so i guess i could not expected more then what i got .
i paid about num_extend here at the time .
however ,  the xl size i ordered was more like a medium .
my num_num year old son wanted this for christmas .
this time i bought a new one and upon opening ,  it didn t even turn on .
instead i would prefer to buy her an erika dress since my other daughter has an anneliese dress .
seems a little too small for this coffee maker .
case is rubbery didn t huge phone very floppy we werent able to put on phone .
their filters leak and do a poor job at filtering impurities .
the instructions warn the use not to use the pan on high heat .
i do have a big issue with the fit of this bowl ,  however .
the pulp is pretty soggy ,  meaning there is still a lot of juice left in it .
it is not shiny ,  so you get no fingerprints .
after buying in bulk in num_extend i finally needed a new order in spring of num_extend
it does clean your hair but it doesn t brighten it up as it used to .
charging nonapple device in apple port may take longer .
i would look for a better quality product .
it has the num_num straps as shown in the photo .
they were very narrow for d medium labeled shoes .
i have a new pc with windows num_num num_num bit on it .
the dish prices aren t too bad ,  but the shipping costs are .
this battery was aweful !  my phone would turn off as soon as i turned it back on .
i tried to adjust the headset for a better fit ,  but they didn t stay that way for long .
having used other similar products that performed well ,  i would advise against buying this particular item .
i bought this product used from a coworker s daughter who was phenomenally underwhelmed by it .
i bought it to replace a failed iomega drive in an external usb case .
looks cheap ,  feels cheap and was cheap !  i d recommend a regular watch sizing tool kit and not this .
it barely goes together and once it s together ,  it falls apart easily .
here are some things to num_extend the case does fit the phone ,  but no better than a generic case .
rarely am i compelled to stop what i am doing and write a review about a product .
however .  .  . the problem i ran into was that .  .  . i cannot take off the case without breaking it .
i had nothing but trouble with these headphones .
i wound up making coffee out of it by simply filling the cup with more than num_extend
if this unit had been used daily ,  you might expect such a loss of battery power .
the material is really hard and like i said narrow  : o  .
cant see anything in sunlight even with brightness at the max .
i cannot stress this enough :  battery !  battery !  battery !  it lasts for less than num_num hours under normal use .
i wish i would have gotten a fixed right angle usb instead .
with any background sound you can t hear the speaker .
this is ,  in part ,  because this is not a noise canceling headset  which i knew before i bought it  .
that is the only reason i gave this product num_num stars as opposed to num_extend
size was a lot smaller than i ever expected .
it s way too sweet for me as luck would have it .
i had via amazon bought two units ,  each having num_num jars .
this phone was advertised to be in mint condition .
not as good a product as i had expected .
as with other reviewers ,  my replacement beater began to chip lately .
it worked alright for a few months ,  then the legs fell off .
when i plug it in ,  it may or may not charge .
i bought this bluetooth after using another model of plantronics bluetooth to death .
this stuff is not sticky at all ,  which is what i had been hoping for .
they don t look big but they let the water thru to quickly and my coffee comes out pretty weak .
my $ rule :  $ a pound or less ,  because i m frugal .
this is the worst toaster i have had in over num_num years of being married .
lots of tiny bumps covered my entire face ,  it didnt just remove dead skin cells it removed my flesh .
however i ended up going for the $ military grade screen protector with the lifetime replacement guarantee .
we removed it and replaced it with a different brand name product .
i ve been on a really strict diet so i was hoping this would work .
i was a little concerned about how the connection was going to be made with the phone .
spend your time hand cleaning them and you may not get rust .
the inside gunks up causing it to beep but not spin .
i can t imagine using it for more than very small extension cords .
but i am not about to give up my precious coffee .
as for the couple of good reviews .  .  .  . i don t know what to say .
on the cement ,  you might need a new screen .
the one i received was way too small ,  not the stated size .
i used this product on the windows on both my vehicles .
i bought it so i can use this forever to charge batteries for new phones i d num_extend
the bad part is ,  i was fooled into thinking this product worked .
i would maybe recommend but i don t think i would be purchasing this again .
i am not expecting it to last very long .
it makes it very difficult to put in your pocket .
there s no reason to spend upwards of $ or $ because this quality is more like a $ mat .
i have already replaced it with another product .
it s a hassle of course and i hate having to buy all the refills .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
i would not have paid that money for it .
doesnt stain very evenly ,  have to put num_num or num_num coats on to get it even .
they re much too short ,  and the large is much too big .
but i think it s too expensive for what it is .
very disappointing but amazon s return policy is easy so i returned mine and ordered the fabric ones .
i didn t have a lot of knowledge about knives at the time and this again is a poor product .
they are overpriced if you consider the battery quality .
i sent this back after trying it on .
maybe this was a good machine when it was first manufactured ,  but now it s a total rip off .
some complain that the phones don t go as deep in the ears as they want for better insulation .
the texture is ok ,  but the aftertaste is overwhelming .
i ve been using this product for over a month .
i purchased the scala num_num as my first bt headset and i regret it .
if your device is worth protecting ,  spending a bit more on the surge suppressor is cheap insurance .
i expected more from this brand even after reading previous reviews .
i can get this started when it s full ,  but can t restart after taking a gallon out .
all i saw was a four star rating from this point in time . but then .  .  .  .  .  . the game continues .
but now i don t have wireless connection which i wanted when i bought this router in the first place .
i called motorola and they cover the headset for num_num year from the date of purchase by manufacturers warranty .
i thought with all the num_num star reviews this would be a sure thing ,  but mine were rancid .
the plastic is a fairly thin  for crate expectations  composite and not very sturdy .
i know it was cheap and cheap is what you get here .
will suck it up and use continue using it but i will not be buying it again .
mine also looks like a cheap knockoff  not that it wasn t cheap at $
i thought it was going to be a flexible fabric type product .
i was thinking this was a soft rubber type but its a very hard plastic .
it s not absolutely horrible now ,  but it s different .
i ll preface this by pointing out i ve always found starbucks a little overrated . i think this coffee is ok .
overall ,  not a great toy ,  and one i don t really recommend unless you child just haaaaas to have it .
i bought num_num different items and they all were put in the same box .
one time if froze up and i had to reset back to factory default configuration .
i ve used other car adapters without any problem .
i have purchased over num_num stuffed animals in the last few years .
the product just stopped working after a month it is not ome quality its cheap .
i m kicking myself for buying this without checking reviews prior to purchase .
i love imak products but have to say i am very disappointed with this item .
also ,  this case does not form fit to the nice curved sides of the phone .
i do not use it for my personal cooking because it is really bland .
but today s sony equipment is price competing junk .
i used a second time and result was the same .
basically num_extend was used and now i m not going to use it anymore .
it doesn t do anything except blink its lights at me .
so ,  it would be nice if the company offered a replacement part for the broken piece .
i don t have to say too much as these are made in china .
i purchased this filter in may num_num to protect canon kit lens on a canon dslr .
it s annoying ,  but it s not the worst thing in the world .
i useneutrogena naturals facial cleanser ,  purifying ,  num_num oz .  ,  which takes off my makeup easily .
the newer hagen filters are far from that .
some things ain t what they used to be .
if i go yet another size larger ,  they will end up being too large in the butt .
crap cable ,  toss it !  with proper cables i have used this successfully on a few devices now .
after reading in the description that chai drinkers would like this tea ,  i decided to try it .
used it and even with noise assasin got background noise or other person couldn t hear me .
for a product that cost over $ it is a waste of money .
the color is exactly what i was looking for ,  but the consistency is no good .
i am an electronic technician with over num_num years experience .
the package arrived sealed and the product is not tempered .
at first sip ,  the chocolate taste came through along with the coffee .
these do not freeze completely and when used they don t maintain the beverage cold ,  maybe for an hour .
it lasted less than a year before the blender jar blade came apart .
this is cheap product ,  i have used it couple times and it gone bad .
needless to say i was very excited to download this game .
my skin broke out into this weird texture .
it looks nice but i wouldnt trust something this unreliable .
the monoprice cables are cheap and thick as a piece of rope .
i tried it after i chilled it in the fridge and heated up in the microwave .
it wasn t bitter ,  exactly ,  but it just did not have a particularly appealing flavor .
they re cheaper ,  they last longer ,  and they don t leave a terrible mess .
secondly it is cheap plastic ,  mine had a crack in the side of it upon arrival .
i guess they look this way because they have a metallic base with plastic on top .
i then used them to connect my galaxy num_extend to my computer .
i wanted it to work ,  but like so many other products ,  it did not .
product had ok taste but was hard like it was old .
not worth the $ usds i paid for it .
this comes with a num_extend battery ,  but i almost threw it away due to packaging .
no excuse for a product in this price range .
so now that i have wasted almost double the price on these it gets worse .
these particular ones are not the right size for me now ,  either .
anyway ,  i won t be buying more of this .
it took me a long while to finally get the whole track together .
these mini battery chargers do work ,  but they are extremely slow .
i was excited to get this for my num_num year old daughter .
it is short but that isn t the worst problem  !  it doesn t stay in my phone .
these were great at first purchase ,  but they did not hold up very well .
i don t know if this is an  app thing  implying some apps won t work with it .
it has lower quality material in the cups ,  too .
not only were they smaller than the brown num_extend medium i already own .
the little pieces fall off and get stuck in your pocket or rub off on your clothing .
i have searched for a different style handle and used my primus one but it is too small .
i found the audio quality on it to not be usable at all .
now all of a sudden my phone overheats and the power button on the top is stuck .
you get the mat ,  the ac plug ,  one swivel clip ,  and num_num adapters .
supposeyou put the dvd in ,  but you want to watch the third episode on the disc .
thankfully ,  amazon is going to reimburse my return shipping charges with amazon credit .
i do not have abnormal or huge feet; it s the shoes !  .
i purchased two so i could have a back . both were junk .
it is suppose to be a privacy screen for your phone but it s kind of a pain .
it doesn t seem very heavy duty ,  simply translucent blue lightweight plastic .
however ,  what doesn t show up in the picture ,  but does in person ,  is how cheap the metal looks .
the price is certainly cheap  thus num_num stars instead of one  and it ll do in lieu of anything else .
i have num_num other pair of num_extend in the house that are the same size i ordered .
horrible design that i can t understand why they put it in .
this was much smaller than i expected  should have paid more attention to the description  especially for the price .
not what i was hoping for or expecting when i purchased .
i haven t gotten this case with more than num_num months waiting .
i checked to make sure there was a battery .
this product is not as much and easy to use .
saw another for more money but went with this one ,  guess you get what you pay for .
they all have silver and black that i can rub off ,  even after a mild soap hand wash .
i rarely used it to begin with ,  but now it just won t even charge or work at all .
i have to hold the knife further back on the handle .
i used this in place of sugar for things like iced tea and coffee .
i spent num_num bucks on this ,  and only got about num_num back .  .  . within the same week of purchase .
these would be perfect for dress up ,  but just didn t fit the bill for what i was looking for .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and the most i got out of this charger was num_extend amps .
the quality is poor and it s not even worth the num_num dollars i paid for it .
of course ,  leaving it on drains the battery big time .
being metal it seems like it should be stronger than that .
while this stone meets the diameter promised ,  it is very thin ,  and seems fragile to me .
i read reviews before i purchsed this and thought i was buying what would meet my needs .
this won t fit the xps gen num_num laptop .
this was inexpensive and you could fry an egg without any oil .
it is so small and uncomfortable to hold .
this cushion is very heavy to lift ,  if you have arthritis or any strength issues .
i ordered this one real cheap here on amazon .
at least i am only out a few dollars .
i may have received a defective product ,  but the case i received was a poor fit for the phone .
i don t particularly care for the smell either .
it doesn t taste awful ,  it just doesn t taste very good .
i purchsed this based on the reviews and regret it .
so they never really feel cooked to me .
and after nearly a year it shows no sign of breaking .
it worked for a few weeks ,  then the connection got loose or something .
not bad if you want to keep them in a couple different places like your car ,  office etc .
at the brightest setting ,  i can barely make things out .
even though the price of this product is less ,  the quality is also very bad .
just try any other before you waste money on lux .
i ve had this for a little over num_num years .
buying this is like buying a turbo charger for your car that isn t connected to the engine .
but it just doesn t look right when worn .
guess its ok for mixing or using for something else besides straight essential oil smelling ,  . etc .
cuts me off midsentence as i let my voice fall back to its normal level .
poor quality ,  but you get what you pay for .
however ,  you still can easily unsnap the case off and i m just glad the phone hasn t fallen out yet .
the back cover arrived broken ,  however the quality was poor  light weight and flimsy  so i m not entirely surprised .
when i received this phone case ,  i was very excited .
if i connect it ,  and leave the cord fully retracted ,  it does not charge .
you purchase a unit for extended battery life and if you purchase this for num_extend you will be disappointed .
not necessarily a bad thing if the product is supported .
i d actually encounter less static if i were to just pick a radio station and listen to that .
i do not recommend ordering this product it seems sketchy as far as durability .
note that they offer free return shipping ,  so no big deal that these weren t for me .
i ve been using this primer for about a week now .
even at $ i returned it as is was not worth that price .
they aren t any better than oe batteries for sure .
bottom line is ,  there is absolutely nothing special about this tea ,  either in aroma ,  flavor ,  drinkability or health benefits .
trying to fit one of these to my ear is ridiculous .
there is a slightly bitter taste plus there is a lingering dryness that will take a while to disappear .
large ear piece did not fit in my ear .
yes it is cheap ,  which means it was cheaply made .
the plastic is of that of a grill cover or patio furniture cover .
but upon applying the case the plastic piece doesn t fit and keeps falling off .
if you don t want to charge your phone or use headphones with it .
i did not snack well on this product !  .
i went out the first day num_extend came out and bought it ,  installed it ,  and tried it out .
it is also significantly less powerful than the unit i am replacing .
have never used an appliance like this before .
i suspect that people who like really strong ,  very dark roasted coffee will like it ,  but i do not .
it simply smells wonderful but has no taste .
i bought this in feb num_num for $ and it broke after num_num months .
i have used this lense about num_num times .
once again ,  you get what you pay for .
now the case sits in my desk drawer .
i will use it as storage for now ,  but i doubt that i ll keep it around for long .
sometimes i try to charge the phone with it and it gets so hot you can hardly touch it .
we will keep trying it but will not likely buy this again .
using with my work iphone num_extend  a well marketed p . o . s .   and no one can hear me .
had to buy another type of charger because this one didn t worked for my samsung galaxy num_extend
this product does not deliver on its design .
i was excited about this product for my pooch .
i wish i would have bought another set .
this was my second jawbone ,  and about the num_extend headset i ve owned .
you can barely hear this ,  unless the room is absolutely silent ,  and you are sitting right next to it .
if the headset is powered off ,  then back on ,  it just goes into pairing mode .
i didn t realize how huge this would be !  barely even fits in my microwave .
i bought this on a whim and tried it over several days before returning it .
i would have been better off just going to walmart and picking something better up .
although it appears a tad larger in the picture ,  it was not .
the last screen protector i bought lasted over a year .
i had high hopes for this product ,  but was very disappointed .
ive been through num_num dual car charger adapters .
the handle is too flimsy and there is not sufficient grip by the velcro to use this product easily .
that way i can throw it in the car or backpack ,  or dog pack without the leakage problem .
i suppose the benefits outweigh the flavor issue ,  but as for me i will find better tasting healthy products .
it as lasted me near num_num months now .
a person with good vision would have trouble with this and i have low vision .
i thought the black filigree would stand out more as shown in the picture .
the stuff did not foam ,  which is ok with me ,  but what was not ok was the smell .
when i looked for the same one the style had changed .
i will continue to use until i run out but i won t be buying again .
i didn t like this product like others i have used .
i got something that s not that . first ,  the entire product is a shade smaller than it used to be .
i broiled some fish in teriyaki sauce and vegetables with olive oil .
i don t walk around with the earpiece in my ear ,  so i am never alerted to calls anymore .
these were simply small than advertised and smaller than i needed .
i noticed some other reviewers state that this product is made of a hard plastic .
this way there is no cord flapping around while i run .
no matter how i adjust them ,  they just aren t comfortable .
i honestly do not think this should cost more than num_num bucks .
i started thinking i was going to break my phone before i could get it out .
i purchased this firewire cable to sync my sony camera to my macbookpro .
this coffee is no where near as good as starbucks or trader joe s whole beans .
i will say the build quality is great but too short ,  is and remains ,  too short .
size may be good for num_num certainly not large enough for size num_num feet .
i paid about $ for this turntable one year ago .
i ve had the racks for about num_num years .
the interface is ridiculous ,  and file downloads is unnecessarily complicated .
then you wont kick yourself for way over paying for something you can find in the dollar store .
so ,  since i have a blow dryer ,  i needed an attachment that could fit my blow dryer nozzle .
i would suggest getting the kind in plain oil or completely draining them prior to cooking or eating .
some types don t stick too well and others stick too much .
i then plugged it into my iphone which was reading % battery life .
it didn t fit well ,  and wasn t the best quality in my opinion .
i need softer ones than these and they are just too large .
it was bought on design ,  not price ,  so the poor quality is an annoyance ,  to say the least .
the cable is included !  no power  brick  but you have one if you have an iphone anyway .
actually i wanted something more like my sennheisers where i can adjust the volume either way .
they are washable but do fade so wash by hand ,  only good for a few months .
they are headphones that sit within your ear ,  but do not insert within the ear canal .
i bought this from the this vendor and i don t think the product was the real thing .
i bought it as a spare reeal and did not use it until recently .
i was expecting much much more for the price and the  reputation pros : comfortable fitcons : poor volume .
this blender is so loud that you should probably leave the room when it is on .
i m going to purchase a small coffee maker with regular filters to replace this item .
they are going to take it back and give me a full refund .
i used this for most of a year with no problem .
granted ,  i ve been using sony earbuds for the last num_num years ,  so that s what i am comparing them to .
i ve had otterbox commuter cases on other phones and have never had a problem whatsoever .
it seems like my old one that bit the dust was much better .
maybe there is a warranty on it ,  but for the cost it s not worth the hassle .
it also doesn t cut as close as a blade and not nearly as fast .
then the charger for extra battery quit working .
luckily  for me  my mom bought this expensive toy for my son .
zag are more expensive but i was not expecting the cheaper screens to be so bad .
it will randomly  and repeatedly  activate phone functions such as redial or voice control .
i read other reviews to try to figure out how it worked but i couldn t .
then it dried out and felt sticky and not in a good way .
i have had this grinder for over seven years without a problem and paid about half what this cost .
that is fine if you dont want the mounting system to come off and moved to some other place .
right away i realized it was too small .
the product is much smaller than it appears to be in person .
i called amazon cs ,  and decided to give them a try anyway .
was heavy ,  noisy and it didn t even cut that close .
the plug on this device is very short and likely won t work when the phone is in the case .
it s ok ,  but it is kinda hard to tell if was working .
it smells nice enough ,  but really doesn t do anything for me .
i even ordered a second one when my initial one sprung a slow leak .
did not like t .  . very small and cheap looking did not seem to have a lot of different functions .
either get the galaxy num_extend or save up some more ,  this is just ugh .
when this item arrived ,  it wasn t the size that astounded me ,  it was how filthy it is .
the leather wrap on the belt clip has worn out .
i lost the other one and wanted something to replace it fast until i find something nicer .
i tried this for several months and never missed and all to see almost no results at all .
not sure how durable they are but they felt extremely cheap .
using it makes the sound very muffled to the point where it s almost inaudible .
just because it didn t work for me doesn t mean it won t work for you .
also the quantity of the food is too slight .
you can still read the screen through the scratches ,  but it is slightly annoying when the screen is dark .
i had to use a harsher cleanser to remove it .
although i would like the protection provided by the case ,  i find i can t use it .
i purchased this headset because i wanted an over the head style because i have very small ears .
a replacement turbine is $ but i m not willing to invest more in this piece of junk .
i usually read reviews before purchasing a toy product ,  but this time i did not .
if software is developed for the playstation ,  it is quite simply made to be played on the playstation .
bought number num_num for a second home ,  meaning it gets very little use ,  and it s still there and working .
when using the stylus ,  you can hear slight crackling noises coming from the stylus tip .
thought it would be better but was disappointed .
i didn t have much luck with this and i followed the directions .
jug  hey .  .  . my dog drinks a lot  into the bowl while holding the bowl .
i have noticed no difference since taking this product .
it s a bit too bulky for detail work ,  i think .
this is due to poor design ,  not size .
i could return and get my money back .
also ,  make sure you stick some plastic silverware in this .
i don t normally like to complain but the product was pretty bad .
this is not a deeply roasted or rich tasting coffee at all .
i m returning it and buying a dlo which got better reviews .
okay ,  i then tasted the coffee and ,  yes ,  it was smooth but had little coffee flavor .
the quality seems a little low and smaller than i expected ,  we will see how long it lasts .
sound is pretty loud ,  but the other side cannot hear you clearly .
i thought you could adjust the top and the ankel buckle but the leather is to stiff .
it s supposed to be fairly safe to use but the instructions said to wear gloves when applying .
i had to go and pay $ for a proper screen protector .
it doesn t add any weight or bulk which is what i was looking for in a case .
at first i thought it was my bike that wasn t charging .  .  .  .  . nope ,  turns out this battery crapped out .
i would not buy this again ,  and i regret not buying a nicer product in the first place .
and the bowl itself is made of very thin ,  cheap material .
i think i ll be purchasing another num_extend in the near future .
it took me quite a while to figure out how to put it all back for reshipping to amazon .
the gloss and shine is gone after the first or second wash and one gets a smoky white surface .
if you drink espresso daily ,  you don t want to spend num_num minutes trying to clean a filter each day .
the audio quality through the fm transmitter is not impressive .
this piece of junk should cost no more than num_extend especially with made in china on the box .
i bought similar ones for a different company works two years later this one disappointed .
spend a little more money and get a chrome stand .
the new one seemed to be an older unit than the one that lasted for num_num months .
one of my cats eats some of it and then throws it up .
yes i connected it via a powered usb port ,  still not recognized by mac or pc .
i used it outside on the porch ,  spraying a tiny bit on a pec pad and wiping the slide .
even after i washed it off my hands .
it fits not too bad ,  but i did need just another cup size bigger .
it looks nice but the quality is bad .
fortunately ,  i use this ups just for routers and external drives .
the free  dataswitch  app toggles num_extend on and off .
comes with a motorola branded charger an a separate unbranded usb cable .
i should have spent $ more and had something usable .
need to find one that is not battery operated ,  or turns off automatically .
im num_extend and num_num lbs and it is too small for me .
the bevel causes the blade to tend to deviate from vertical ,  making it somewhat difficult to cut straight down .
likewise ,  i was unprepared for the excessive noise .
these are thinner that most kitchen garbage bags .
it s not the fault of the loose leaf tea i have ,  because i ve tried different kinds .
however ,  removing the whole filter from the holder isn t difficult at all  if you ever needed to  .
if you put pressure on it ,  the plastic bends and creaks and wants to break .
it was cheap ,  but still a waste of my money .
these aren t as gunky and filmy ,  and won t leave you smelling like rancid chamomile tea .
i can use kitchen garbage bags once a week .
i rarely give bad reviews because most products have one redeeming quality ,  but that is not the case here .
but what could you expect for just a few bucks ?  .
the edges are too tight and do not have the proper thickness for the model of my phone .
it s hard to describe the taste ,  but it didn t taste like anything that i ve had in japanese restaurants .
it s too expensive for the amount you get and still haven t really figured out ,   what s the point ?   .
i didn t know it even came this way ,  i didn t notice it on the package .  .  . it was a mess !  .
the value of what you get is simply not worth the money . i don t recommend this soup .
i thought this would be amazing but no .
if it doesn t ,  it wasn t too expensive ,  so i won t complain too much .
i wasn t sure who this product was intended for when i ordered it .
either save your money and buy a chopper ,  or bite the bullet and invest in a serious burr grinder .
and did i mention it was pricey very pricey .
i have tried everything i can think of to use this grill without food sticking to it .
this is an inexpensive case ,  but it does fit too snug .
even though they may sound great ,  these speakers only play num_extend sound unless you have a direct digital connection .
this case was bought for a galaxy num_extend
ordered several pairs and it was a pretty rigid material .
but my friends had no issue connecting to the same network with their att phones .
this is the only piece of kitchen aid equiptment that i have ever been disapointed with .
this is not worth the num_num bucks i paid for it .
and you won t regret a penny you ve spent .
it sucked the life out of my batteries ,  twice .
many better choices at amazon a lot better .
i gave them a try but they would fit a child s hand unless one has tiny tiny hands .
i just use water i ve filtered through my brita . these are a rip off .
but this product wasn t it . i m still getting over the  yuck  factor after taking the gloves off my hands .
first ,  it is much too spicy for my wimpy taste buds .
took me a while to realize it ,  but this sharpener has actually been destroying my ja henckels knives .
it was a $ item that costs around ten bucks .
the icon at least gives me the phone number of the person that is calling ,  unlike this unit .
this product sounded as if it would be tasty .
i like the product ,  but im not going through the trouble of shipping back when its not my fault .
given that it is not leak proof ,  the lid is way oversized .
this charger really starts to lose performance the more time you use it .
it may work well for other devices .  .  . i cannot determine the possibility .
this is designed okay ,  just not very practical for doing more than a few cuts .
i will stick with walmart where the quality maybe better for less .
if you like weak spice tea then you may like this one .
there are much better products on the market .
i bought this as a gag gift for someone ,  but i didn t realize it was such flimsy plastic .
it is a very low speed fan ,  and doesn t really hang well anywhere it would work in a tent .
but ,  my biggest complaint is that this knife was all scratched and chipped .
i don t have any frying pans that small .
this thing is so bulky and heavy and unbalanced .
this bedroom was an addition so some of the interior walls used to be exterior walls .
they want me to send the lid back and then they will send me a replacement .
the flavor was not as bad but it had some aftertaste to it .
at room temperature it often reads between num_num and num_extend
the replacements were not new and had rusty electrical contacts .
this is the reason of most bad reviews .
ive tried this a couple of times and same results .
i would not waste another $ on this product .
drinking yesterday s coffee left in the pot without reheating it would be equally satisfying as this canned beverage .
i d just save my money until i could get a decent pair of headphones .
they immediately processed a refund ,  with full apologies ,  no need to return the item .
i received the product in a timely manner but did not end up using it on my iphone s .
i called amazon and they quickly sent out another replacement .
i m trying to be creative with this rice because i didn t like it .
the steps are  simple  so don t get me wrong that the instructions are hard or confusing ,  they are not .
i like the coffee maker ,  but the timer stopped working after a couple years use .
so don t expect to use your computer while it s charging .
i bought this knife due to its length  i m forbidden from carrying anything longer than num_num inches in public  .
i ve seen rave reviews for this product ,  but i found it clumsy and ultimately painful to use .
also ,  it s not that easy to set the temp buttons .
so it s very fast ,  for a small burst of pictures ,  but leave the camera on .
the smell was so bad that my wife had to wash it twice .
i ve only used this lite a handful of times ,  when i needed it .
i bought num_num of these batteries through amazon . com for my cell phone .
the handle is also too smooth and my hand slipped as my fingers attempted to use the trigger .
when cooked as instructed ,  the bacon came out with a rubbery texture .
my cake just didn t want to come out in one piece .
it kind of hurts to put it on .
the product i received was not the one shown .
i put oil on the walls and didn t have any trouble with sticking for cleaning as some did .
it s not nylon but it feels like it .
however it s really really really hard to clean .
back it went to where i got it  walmart  .
i gave this toy to my son for christmas and it was broken .
the plastic hardcover piece that covers the rubber ,  get snagged on clothing and pants pockets .
it looks like a more expensive product is necessary .
i mean who doesn t like sparkles but when i got it  ,  it looked kinda cheap .
if i want juice ,  i ll stick with real juice without the carbonation .
i won t buy these again ,  and i hope others won t either .
not having cooked in the skillet ,  i cannot comment on how it cooks .
now mind you i paired this devoce with an iphone and not a droid or samsung product .
when i finally do get it to start charging it worked extremely slowly .
if you re lucky ,  you re also on a ladder . not worth a hundred bucks .
i am returning these along with a few other pairs i ordered .
i ordered this after research thinking this was going to be decent quality .
i was a bit a surprised it was really flat and little padding .
we bought on amazon before christmas and paid too much .
the fake leather on the ends are unbelievably cheap .
phone support tells me to upgrade the firmware to num_extend
don t waste your money ,  overpriced and it broke after only a few uses .
i have to admit ,  i would not buy them again .
while the thermal properties of the carafe remains superb the coffee maker itself is incredibly poorly made .
there are better options out there and i will not be applying this to my other vehicles .
the big issue that i have is that it must be thoroughly washed off afterwards .
spend a bit more ,  get much better utility .
despite some positive reviews ,  i found the product to be uncomfortable ,  flattening ,  and generally lacking in support .
while half the back is metal ,  the other half is a glossy plastic that is neither durable nor attractive .
the range on the bluetooth is limited and that causes some problems .
when you only get two for this price ,  its not quite worth it !  .
you get two sticky covers that your supposed to put on the screens to protect them .
don t waste your time or money on this grinder .
for the price ,  i decided to return it and look for a differnet model .
the fit is fine but it lacks protective padding like many after market cases .
i don t need that kind of complication from a silly coffee maker .
yes it s loud but you don t need paper ,  a fat piece of tape will fix the loudness .
i have to say that i have always considered belkin to be tier num_num product .
just was not crazy about this product at all ,  will not purchase again .
for the price it was incredibly cheap quality .
i ve had my other set for several years and these arrived dull and a bit rough .
i guess it wasn t a big loss since it was only $
in order to change the batteries ,  you have to have a properly sized screw driver .
avoid this product ,  get something decent for a few dollars more if you use it on a regular basis !  .
these cables work for charging but not for data .
another iphone accessory that i wasted money on .
the stem of the brush is flat so the polish very quickly slides down it and into the bristles .
people tell me that i sound muffled when i m talking to them .
however ,  the amount of protection it provides is very low .
when i received ,  i was disappointed because it s not what i expected .
you won t have any trouble getting down ,  though it is rather bland in flavor .
there may have been a flaw in the glass ,  but something this heavy shouldn t be this fragile .
the front tho .  . seemed right length but the back seems a bit short ,  and the straps were too tight .
so i looked on amazon and ordered three boxes of these .
they sent me a new  working  cord and told me to recycle the bad one .
i wanted to play my ipod tunes in my car .
i bought this kettle for a quick cup of hot chocolate the first kettle leaked from spout .
it is really only useful for small amounts ,  even though it is num_extend
it comes with a lot of good stuff ,  but the knife itself is very flimsy and feels cheap .
when it is set on high it runs slower than much cheaper fans run on slow .
it s too bulky and isn t as small as it seems .
it does make waffles but i will be purchasing a different one in the near furture .
well ,  i tried the product and i was a little disappointed .
this product just okay ,  it works ,  but too big for my cooking area .
i was anxious and quickly made a cup .
don t give to dog if he isn t chewing it up completely .
the cable feels cheap and the usb connection is flimsy ,  so it needs to be pushed in firmly .
sorry ,  cuisinart ,  we expect performance and durability from you .
i bought this and it was very difficult to put together .
i have really bad allergies and hoped this would work .
i had high hopes for this product after reviews i read on the web .
for what i paid this should have lasted much longer .
i returned it immediately and purchased from a different vendor .
might be a little pricier but if you can t eat what you bought ,  what s the point .
selected this bag in the num_extend size ,  received a num_extend bag .
i couldn t believe it when i opened the package and aa batteries fell out .
why did i want this capacity ?  because you can capture video directly to the mmc card .
but ,  if you want to spend the money ,  then go ahead buy this .
it doesn t have the consistency of chapstick ,  but i wouldn t call it a lipstick .
now ,  don t try to tell me that a pair of headphones should be flat and without coloring the sound .
they are very utilitarian looking ,  like cheap diner glasses .
this was a gift so i m glad we didn t waste any money on it .
nice in design but whomever manufactured it ,  used the lowest quality materials .
it s actually the same engine tecmo used in dead or alive num_num for the xbox .
too inexpensive an item to bother returning it .
i don t taste anything different from other coffee s .
it is about num_num inches long and i want to say close to num_num inches in diameter .
i chose the sony set because it seemed the least expensive headphone set .
if you are really curious i would pick it up as a low bargain bin price ,  but nothing more .
it did protect my phone when i dropped it .
not a huge expense ,  i just shouldn t have had to make .
nice to not have to poor oil on pan before cooking for health reasons but wish it sprayed better .
use it only if you know what you re doing .
sent it back and had my $ refunded .
might be good for other people ,  but it didn t work for me .
then once the foam gets softened ,  it is too soft to take good shape .
this was a really good idea ,  but it just doesn t do the trick .
too warm for me ,  but i have a tendency to run hot .
i had to set stuff on top of the cables to get the device to charge .
but i do admit that i am not a fan of straight black tea .
the handle on this meat pounder is very short .
since the money has been spent i will use it .
but when i sit my phone on there in either direction ,  it falls over .
it s not special because is made in usa .
i have had mirror screen protectors before that were very clear .
second ,  this is an oem of a toshiba bluetooth adapter .
for the money i spent ,  it was not worth it .
when i originally wrote a review for this item ,  it was a favorable review .
save your money .  .  . and its expensive and a waste of time .
but otherwise it is a functional nice looking case just no protection .
disappointing . it should be duly noted that i live in a home that has well water with very little pressure .
this is only num_extend whereas most are num_extend
i made certain that i haven t exceeded operating temperatures or violted any other parameters for use .
not worth the money .  .  . there are othjer products that you can use that are so much better .
without handles on them ,  these store compactly in a drawer . i purchased the set and put it in my drawer .
sound quality is dreadful for a device touted as hd sound quality .
this time there wasn t a super sweet taste ,  more like metallic or something .
for the first year ,  i had no problems .
if you want a grill pan ,  i suggest investing in something with better quality .
this fan woke me up last night with a loud clicking and thumping sound .
so my wife as a gift gave me a num_extend infused anodized fry pan .
hopes were high but this product isn t worth a dime to me .
this filters filter my water but not as good as the original i got in my pitcher .
it fits but it gets bent out of shape too easily .
the first time i used it i was surprised at how little cleaning it did .
you are basically paying $ for a not too bad popcorn popper .
and unlike many games such as unreal tournament num_extend graphics were not saving this gameplay fault .
i m confused as to why it has gotten so many good reviews .
it didn t take any time for them to figure it out .
the steel appears to be non corrosive but only time will tell .
my biggest problem with it however is its very short battery life and long recharge .
the second time it broke i could have gotten a free replacement again but i didn t want the hassle .
this isn t worth owning at half the price .
this was too big ,  too heavy and too ugly .
the button for the squeaker on the back is kind of hard to push  for me  .
there was no power surge or other electrical issue ,  nothing .
i have never worn these ear muffs because they are too difficult to open .
decent buy ,  but not impressed ,  didn t live up to expectations after reading reviews .
my pizza was burnt on the back edge and soft in the middle .
when i opened the box ,  the first thing i saw was a big crack in the side .
it s close enough ,  but i would not buy this again .
i ve bought the cable for using it with my notebook  spdif out  and my home theater receiver yamaha .
i was trying to cut sugar to lose some weight .
i have a cable modem and cable tv .
i was expecting this to taste like coconut ,  but instead got an unrefreshing taste .
it has lasted over num_num years and i have never had any trouble with it .
shortly thereafter ,  i realized that it was a lot of work to brew a pot of coffee .
this item is cheaply priced ,  therefore the quality of this case is also cheap .
after getting the timer to work  things like see page num_extend
i have had this product for almost num_num months now .
i plan on buying one to replace my netgear num_extend
i ve only had this a few weeks ,  and i ve already got a hole in the mesh bag .
i would have given it num_num stars if it weren t for the defective edge .
not sure why i paid $ for these .
i tried this years and years ago and it was useful but so expensive .
i so wanted this product to work ,  but it didn t .
that works fine but the battery packs are horrible .
i have had this unit for num_num year .
that is num_num minutes more than my old machine .
the tripod itself is exactly the the same as the one i ve been using with with my digital camera .
while the scent of this exfoiliant smells great ,  the feeling on my face after i ve used it does not .
you get what you pay for so i should not complain too much .
if you are looking for that ,  keep looking .
i used it anyway but had to walk about with a cellphone case a little open .
i drive an num_extend and this headset captures too much background noise .
i was here ,  on amazon ,  searching for a replacement when i noticed this unit for sale .
basically this is not a cleaner ,  it is a polishing cleaner .
this cable does work ,  however the material it is made of it of very poor quality .
this is just regular soap with a mediated smell .
i really wanted this product to work out but from my personal experience ,  it smudges very easily .
maybe i wasn t careful enough with it . update :  bought another one ,  that one broke too .
it s really flimsy ,  which ,  of course ,  you can guess from the price and i thought i wouldn t care .
i so wanted this to work ,  but it just didn t .
i don t think it works all that well either .
i have had many bluetooths and this is by far the worst one i ve ever owned .
so i get this case and it doesn t even come close to fitting .
i don t normally put any sugar in my coffee ,  but i just couldn t stomach this .
no milk ,  creamer ,  sugar ,  or anything else that would get in the way of the flavor of coffee .
that errant vapor goes away as the tank s water temperature warms up a little  from room temperature  .
i have no idea how this is getting so many good reviews .
i have num_num dell desktops at home num_extend and num_extend
this item worked as advertised for the first num_num days and then died while in use .
will send product back and return for another purchase or refund .
i have purchased num_num of these and both broke within weeks .
it is so small that with my num_num games  in plastic cases  ,  and two nunchucks ,  it barely closes .
glad i didn t buy num_num boxes of this crap .
while it seems like a great idea ,  i was very disappointed in it s actual performance .
i can only conclude that the device is defective ,  or something changed with newer units .
so far this is the only product with this brand that i have not liked at all .
the only thing good about this thing is its pretty .
i didn t realize this until after i opened the package ,  otherwise i would have returned it .
it s really loud and not built to withstand its own power ,  so the vibration is horribly uncomfortable .
about num_num months into use ,  the battery life diminished drastically !  now ,  at month num_extend the battery no longer works .
save your money ,  unless your loaded with money to burn .
maybe for a large dog its not but my dog is num_num lbs and its too big .
i had low expectations for this based on the reviews posted here .
these would be better if they weren t so darn small .
given amazon s great customer service i m sure i can return it but it s not really worth sending it back .
if you are at all interested phones that will accurately represent your music ,  try something other than these .
this was the weirdest purchase i had ever made with amazon .
i m listening to something from my phone and it plays on the car stereo .
a little smaller ,  not quite half the price ,  and even .
they say it s easy to put on ,  but it s not at all easy .
i am now afraid to change the bags on the vac though .
this happened in less than a week after purchase .
later i tried the polder in a pot of boiling water .
case doesn t go over the phone edges ,  very flimsy and too soft and basically just falls off .
and no ,  i am not plugging it to a computer s usb port .
i had never used one of these before .
however ,  this brand is nothing special ,  and i would not purchase it at any price .
this could have become a medical emergency pretty quickly .
if you turn the hanging latch to where it is directly beneath the roundness of the other one .
i wanted to keep it but couldn t settle for paying full price for a new product with defects .
i think it might be ok if you add powdered spices to it when you are mixing it .
the colors are less vibrant than i imagined .
check out the filters here on amazon ,  you ll see i m not the only one dissatisfied .
invariably ,  it goes in crookedly and allows coffee to spill .
when i received this item it was missing a connecting buckle for the balance par and main blades .
the apple slicer worked much better ,  lasting num_num apples before breaking ,  instead of num_num potato .
i did not find it easy to use .
this item doesn t let you hang up the phone when the phone call has ended .
the plastic parts broke and separated also in a couple months and had to be super glued back on .
the sound quality is very poor ,  it sounds like your in a tin can .
and don t eat it without some salt on hand ,  because it s rather bland .
but this particular brand has been less effective than any other i ve tried .
this may have an acceptable texture ,  but the taste is terrible .
i purchased these num_num days ago ,  to use for the spring turkey season .
i ve been using olay products for years and have always been happy but this item is awful .
and on top of that the plastic is brittle .
i do not think i will buy it again .
and it took a really long time to get to me .
it s so tiny for big size phone . i don t even know how this works .
i bought this product as it was  ez  . this product does not work as advertised .
in my oster microwave it took longer to pop but it left fewer unpopped and did not burn any .
you need a cover to avoid finger print smudges but a cheap cover will do that .
its like android with less apps ,  i don t see a reason to use this phone over current offerings .
i went up a half size ,  and it was still too small and then went up a full size .
the large was oversized in an unflattering way .
this product did not come cut for the iphone four .
who knows ?  but it does not work for me and it might not for you .
the problem with this unit is it has num_extend amp total .
i ve had the bottled versions before  not of this flavor  and thought they were much better .
the glasses look fine ,  but the frame was bent and the lens popped out the first day .
i think most people will be fine with the sound ,  but more discerning listeners should look elsewhere .
not worth the $ that i once spent on them .
i have been looking for a unit like this for about a year now .
btw ,  i paid $ at big lots for this .
it works sometimes and doesn t num_num seconds later .
in addition ,  there is a chemical odor and taste that is objectionable .
i used hot water and mixed up the drink .
the only time it does anything is if it s on your phone .
it takes too much mixing with other products like sugar and cream to get the desired flavor .
to keep the lid closed ,  i put a rubber band around each side of the reservoir .
i used it for less then num_num weeks and it just stop working .
looking over it ,  i still can t find many reasons to continue purchasing this brand .
they sent the package the very next day and again was the wrong color combo .
i strongly suggest that you buy from a more reliable company .
but when i actually got it i was disapointed .
since there are no backlight or colors to display  or drain the battery  ,  the battery lasts much longer .
i was able to rig it with a replacement but what a lightweight cheap contraption .
if your situation is similar to ours ,  this grinder is not for you .
i liked the way this one looked in the picture but it has a very cheap feel to it .
however ,  in order to equip better armor ,  weapons ,  etc .
i believe my size choice was correct ,  but its just not easy to use .
i wish it had something other than velcro ,  to close it at the neck .
from the picture it looks nice but in reality ,  it s cheaply manufactured plastic junk .
i will cook my turkey in an oven bag in the pan .
this one is not convenient for a pocket carry .
even though i rinsed it out after each use ,  it didn t last very long .
finally ,  i tried putting more water with less coffee and now the taste was too watery .
i have been trying to use this product since september ,  num_extend
i have a clothes steamer that boils and steams in num_num seconds with no salt .
this is done at the expense of the quality of the coffee and durability of the coffee maker .
it just won t look as cool on your counter .
this popcorn was okay ,  but it was way too salty for me .
the product came as described but the connector in the adapter broke after a couple of uses .
when i first got this bag ,  i was so excited to use it .
because it is removable ,  it will sometimes fall off during use .
too thick and it sticks out too much .
in addition as other reviews stated it doesn t cut all the way through on some of the apples .
i smelled like bo !  i actually smelled myself and i shower everyday .
buttons not brushed ,  plastic has cheaper feel and fit not as tight as the original bumper .
but the hassle that goes with using it isn t worth me using this again once my bottle is finished .
i wanted to like it ,  but i m just very frustrated with this device .
anybody want a good deal on a broken headset ?  .
when i received this item ,  there was no silverware holder ,  which was one of the features i really wanted .
i unplugged the adapter and the problem went away .
i purchased it to be used with a new phone ,  but i had problems with the new phone .
im glad i didnt spend the $ on it .
also ,  i received ones that were brightly trimmed with a childish pattern .
the wire leading in to the earbud either comes loose ,  or dissolves with use .
not so much with this . to begin with it is not super easy to install .
the scrubbing doesn t mean that it ll vaccum clean at the same time .
dietary fiber and num_num calories with num_extend of it from fat  .
there are also holes on the handle so that you can hang this first aid kit on the wall .
i was looking for something that would not slip off the console of my truck or car .
i don t know if they didn t like the bigger morsels or the flavor was not to their liking .
i too bought this product based on the reviews ,  it s a waste of money .
ii was excited to receive this grinder and start using it .
i ll check back in six months ,  if it lasts that long .
here s my situation : i have a macintosh num_extend and a bellsouth dsl connection .
i normally wear a size num_num but these were too tiny .
i only eat this stuff when i m desperate for something to snack on ,  and even afterward ,  ick .
but the main problem i have had is sound quality and interference with other devices .
we knew it was plastic when we got it ,  but i just don t like it .
however ,  the range is not as good at the others i have used .
so while being cheap ,  i thought it was worth a chance ,  it wasn t .
as usual i called amazon and they gave me a credit to purchase a different brand .
the unit itself works well but the software and maps are way out of date .
i own several pairs of these jeans ,  same size ,  same everything .
purchased this battery as spare battery for my canon num_extend
so we tried to return it for warranty since it has num_num year of warranties .
some of the other chargers have tiny lights that are only visible from one side .
great idea but wish they had different sizes ,  this one ain t cutting it ,  .
not sure how it got previous nice reviews .
i have probably only used it a dozen times and only on my stainless steel pans .
these were very tight shoulder to shoulder and short at the waist line .
i thought maybe the advantage of a tough to remove lid was that it would not leak .
it did work at first then it just stopped .
i am shocked and dissappointed in the sound quality from these headphones !  they sound cheap and tinny .
it was okay .  .  .  . but not a stand out in my opinion .
its sound quality is worse than all the headphones that i have ever used  more than num_num at least  .
this gets too hot and does not even curl .
i suppose this works adequately for desktop use ,  but i cannot believe the $ price .
i found the handle less comfortable to apply force on than expected .
i read the reviews  the good and the bad  and thought that they had resolved the poor packaging issue .
swiss miss has other low calorie ,  low carb cocoa drinks that i do enjoy drinking .
what a mess !  !  !  i was assured it would be  easy to assemble  .
i put it in my bathroom wndow when showering .
i rarely use car chargers and this one got maybe num_num uses out of it before biting the dust .
it was pretty basic and didnt have a tight fit .
you get what you pay for i suppose .
this fan is loud and makes waaay too much noise .
i wish i had just bought a bunch of those ,  instead .
if you don t have the optional battery pack ,  this product is worthless .
not only are they large ,  but they re too pointy .
other chargers i have just cant keep up and seem to get hot .
i have spoken to ,  and emailed the company .
it mostly taste like a two day old cup of cold coffee .
it is a bad imitation of the samsung cable .
the squishy parts of the grip seemed to be on the wrong sides of the handle .
i commute num_num hours each way ,  so i spend a lot of time listening to my ipod .
and the taste wasn t all that great ,  and the texture was more chewy than it should be .
worked ok for a while then after about num_num months various buttons started malfunctioning .
i will be looking for another set elsewhere ,  these are simply not that great .
it is cheap ,  but even at that ,  it is not worth the shipping .
it eats batteries fast and picture quality is mediocre at best .
the only plus is that it does play gamecube games but then i already have a gamecube .
the range is not far at all like it states .
i own the sennheiser num_extend that cost me $ and they sound excessively better than these $
the next thing i noticed was the integrated screen protector was not fully attached or sealed .
my hairdresser gave this to me to try .
that stupid contorller is soo big ,  it wont fit anywhere .
i don t see any change to my skin after using it .
i ve had this less than a week and hardly used it .  .  .  . and now it s dead .
this product is supposed to cut the glare and doesn t .
too bad amazon . com doesn t have a num_num star rating for this product ,  it deserves it .
so i purchased acurel num_extend only because the reviews were amazing .
i didn t seem to have any problems with my old charger that i was using before .
only thing i don t like about this product is the smell .
wish i would ve reviewed this item before purchase .
yes i read that it was short in length .
good packaging but item did not meet expectations and it dead after num_num week of use .
no is  i knew this one but did not know how much i need it  !  .
immediately sent me a replacement box of these .
personally ,  i would rather have something attached to the blade .
it is hard to describe the tast of this soup .
i bought this because of the reviews and it lasted about num_num months when it started to malfunction .
surprised how many items on amazon do not provide that .
this is a very small ,  not average sized razor .
i ll be looking for a different device to replace this one .
it s not exactly great ,  but not the worst i ve ever seen .
i found these very small ,  and so narrow my feet cramped immediately .
the motor is too loud to hear the music ,  even on the loudest volume .
despite the subtlety ,  the audio quality makes the unit unacceptable to me ,  and so i returned it .
the colors were nice and bright but the material was a lower quality .
i was able to use the retractable type cable for a few months before they quit working .
it claims to be hypoallergenic but it is not .
they are also very large to hold and awkward for smaller hands .
as cute as these things look ,  i will not purchase another one .
this was my first stand mixer and i wanted it to knead dough .
i bought another one hoping they had fixed the problem .
i still don t think it was worth the money though .
this is the first one that has had any problems at all .
this made a decent match ,  but was still lacking flavor for the most part .
these were the same price ,  so i thought i would try them .
i have had better luck with my black and decker citrus juicer .
it worked fine for a few months but slowly started to disintegrate .
it dose not work as the way that i think .
but there are much better  and less expensive  products out there for that .
it got down to num_num minutes ,  now no more .
needless to say ,  i sent it back immediately and will just use the one i have .
they would bend easily and not hold anything .
it was the cheap price that lured me into buying num_num of these ,  but it s not made very well .
with the case off ,  it just barely fits .
it does give it a  quick dry  layer .
they slip off their head and are so cheap .
having used the older model before i was looking forward to that familiarity .
the ear pieces were also tight around my ears .
having the fan doesnt do much there because it runs at the same range without it being plugged in .
product only works with very very short cables .
i noticed the edge of the glasses had hard ,  rough ,  jagged plastic .
it is not the same product as the num_extend and it is much more visible on the skin .
it was just to hard to take off .
i eat this oatmeal every day ,  plain ,  without flax .
i really had been looking forward to this product .
the product itself did not work properly out of the box .
its made well ,  but it did not fit .
i even gave my coffee maker a good cleaning ,  but it was the coffee itself ,  not the maker .
i was use to a little stiffer bag that stay upright when you pack it .
the shipping was great tho ,  no problem with amazon but toastmaster needs to go back to the drawing board !  !  !  .
i ve used iron skillets for years ,  but this one is particularly hard to clean .
the charge was also much less than the regular samsung batteries .
i have two older plantronics headsets that work just fine so i guess i ll go back to using those .
reading the previously posted reviews on this did not give me a clear enough impression of this product .
i did that ,  and even after quite a bit of stirring wound up with something less than great .
the rice noodles come out fine ,  but there s not enough sauce and it s gritty .
the hold button is super hard to press with the case on ,  almost impossible .
i would recommend this item but don t buy them here !  .
my previous battery was not charging that well .
this is just a cheap item that is not easy or practical to use .
i tried it as it was listed for about $
i like my body and tea too much to settle for less than great .
it leaves carpet and other surfaces practically wet .
frankly ,  this looks ,  feels ,  and functions like a cheap knockoff .
material is so thin tou can almost see through it .
with just over a cup of beverage num_extend and with num_num calories .
also ,  the light is so faint that it doesn t make a difference whether its on or off .
i lost one set ,  and the ear bud broke in the other set .
i added num_num squirts to my full bottle of water num_extend oz .   and took a sip .
but this problem is not unique to these headphones .
this worked for a limited amount of time for me .
there are better and less costly products available .
the product appears to be ok other than that .
battery cover doesn t  snap  in place ,  it just slides up over the battery .
when you insert the phone into the grip ,  the liveaction app automatically opens .
the num_extend connector does not fit my cell or wireless phones .
the less expensive version  reviewed here  is a piece of garbage . i regret this purchase .
the blade was not straight unless it was tightened all the way down .
i paid $ to get it fixed ,  used it once ,  cleaned and stored it .
when powered from an usb port ,  the two internal aa cells are continuously being charged at about num_extend
it worked but my phone would crash especially with high use .
don t get me wrong ,  num_extend have plenty of bass ,  but only produces it when it is in the recording .
i returned it for a replacement but have never heard anything since .
it says it is rubberized .  .  .  . yes it is .  .  . but not what you think .
now i get a lady on the phone .
i only gope is that it last longer .
i should have spent more ,  you pay for quality i guess .
i was hoping that it would disassemble for cleaning like that one but it doesn t .
it s been about four days now and no issues at all .
before i bought this ,  i used to use a regular spoon .
perhaps i need to use it for an extended period of time .
i can sometimes mix it into a shake for my girls but not my hubby .
for the money ,  if this one lasts a year or two and breaks ,  it s no big deal .
i probably would not buy this again though .
; i don t often give products only one star .
i don t know how anyone could really like this vacuum .
it s been only num_num months and num_num weeks now .
i ordered this or my mom ,  who has the white iphone .
also ,  my hips have a little less fat .
conclusion ?  num_num stars for concept ,  num_num star for execution ,  num_num stars for customer service .
i agree with all the other people who gave it a one star rating .
it s not samsung s fault as the phone itself has no issues with these buttons .
while this product may be good for some it did not work for me .
in theory ,  any bluetooth headset will work with a num_extend
unfortunately ,  i ll have to stick to the more expensive bags .
the product came somewhat bent and after a few weeks ,  it had a little rust on it .
i tried to not give it even one star but it wont let you .
so ,  i d say it doesn t work very well .
the buttons on the console itself are few .
ok ,  so my main complaint on this knife is ,  it is seriously the smallest knife known to man .
the device failed to hold my phone in place .
i ve only used it once since i bought it .
indicate to me that this belt should have come with a buckle .
it s a cute concept ,  but bad design . i gave it num_num stars because it is cute ,  as just a puzzle .
mine only does this if there is no battery present and momentarily when you plug it in .
works sort of ok when the bottle is full but as bottle is emptied it does not work .
however ,  since i make my own and we re more used to flavor ,  this one just doesn t cut the broth .
i m not sure if the grind selector is even effective :  i get both fine and coarse coffee regardless .
it is okay if you drink coffee fast ,  but that is not me .
i do not expect these to last long .
: o i returned the norpro and bought another num_extend instead .
this product leaves streaks and swirl marks on the paint finish its to rough .
piece of junk .  . i feel like i would have gotten better quality out of a tamron .
in the time that i used it ,  when i used it ,  it did not work .
first off ,  i am usually a size num_num across the spectrum of shoes .
it constantly cuts out if i move ,  and it won t work if i put the phone in my pocket .
will be looking for money back for this product .
the device ,  however ,  doesn t fit comfortably around my ear .
this product is not sized for small heads .
it s not like i m wearing it wrong !  i gave it to my daughter .
this filter is not a honeywell filter ,  it s a knock off .
unfortunately these were much too small ,  even though i got the biggest size .
nice idea with potential but poor design i think .
once in a while it acts like a key is being held down ,  even though it has been released .
i thought it d come through as a more balanced flavor ,  but that s not the case .
the unit i have does not leak or spill as others have commented .
i didn t expect much for the price but i expected it to work .
i read a review and was excited to try this salt .
i still don t know why i bought this .
you have to occupy a usb port while using this num_extend
it really didn t fit my phone correctly iphone num_extend
you may want something more current or a better cell phone with the same options .
the product just does not have that rich ,  creamy ,  milky taste .
i would suggest that regular coffee drinkers get a burr type grinder with a hopper and grind storage box .
anyway ,  i think there are better choices than this particular knife .
in my case that was under half a day .
this particular product did not work as advertised .
this is without dropping it or damaging it in any way .
to plug it into the iphone ,  you need a converter .
i bought one to put in my cell phone and my wireless data internet card and no difference .
that s about the only plus to this product .
these pills are annoyingly huge and hard to choke down .
saving a few bucks really isn t worth potentially damaging the phone .
this phone is simply outdated by today s standard num_extend
way to small for my num_num year old .
it lengthened them a little bit ,  but they still look very thin .
is for a very small serving size ,  less than half a serving compared to all the others .
i sent it back in disgust . the current replacement functions well enough .
i have never used it even because of this .
it s not a bad flavor or a good flavor ,  it s just meh !  flavor .
it is easier to use a tablespoon of plain yogurt as your starter rather than this product .
since it washes off ,  i applied it every time i washed my hands .
volume cranked to high on any device i put this on comes out low at best .
in the picture it looks like a functioning handle on the lid ,  it is not .
if you get this for free then i guess it s ok ,  but i would never pay for this phone .
after about a two weeks ,  it stopped working .
at least num_num hours on phone with verizon technical support .
about the only nice feature is the container .
i don t know if it s the mixture of product ingredients ,  or what ,  but it looks better ,  and dries quick .
a tiny led light is the only function .
this is supposed to work in the washing machine or the dishwasher .
i m going to try and get a refund for mine ,  and buy something else which doesn t have this problem .
i paid $ for the le vs $ for this one .
you can get some easy achievements ,  and it only cost me $ so no real loss .
this netgear router will lose its connection often to wirless cards in computers that have netgear wireless cards .
so ,  i was really excited to find them on amazon .
it did not work very well when it was working .
these don t stay in my ears very well and were uncomfortable .
i thought it was a good idea ,  but as with my wipeout pure purchase ,  i blew it .
i don t subject them to a lot of wear and tear; i work at a desk .
i had this on my phone for like num_num days and it just came off .
this fixed that issue . second ,  the sound was not great .
sludgy ,  thick ,  burnt coffee grounds is what comes to mind after one swallow of this concoction .
bought a num_extend and a num_extend both the same .
the first test of the blender was to make chopped ice .
these broke when i tried to place them around my ear .
i was highly disappointed with the brewed coffee .
had for less than num_num months and it pooped out .
thankfully the seller contacted me about the issues and has offered a refund .
this cost me additional dollars to send it back . buyer be ware .  .  . a total rip off .
you just program in the number of cups you num_extend it is a blade num_extend thermal carafe .
ok some have said the size is a problem ,  i didn t experience this .
four months after i purchased it ,  this wouldn t turn on one day .
this is the num_extend mr coffee we owned .
it s made of cheap hard plastic ,  so i don t know why they call it a rubberized cover .
i work hard to avoid buying plastic products .
i see others have had the same problems from some of the reviews ,  so beware .
since day one ,  battery has a horribly short life .
have opted to use a different product  which i ordered through amazon ,  my fave place  .
i replaced the batteries and it still wouldn t work .
so ,  as you slice your bread ,  you also shave off huge chunks of the guide .
i d recommend looking at something else instead of buying this .
i don t have the same problem with another brand of usb charger .
i m a bit of a coffee snob and this simply isn t worth the brewing ,  even if it was free .
mine arrived broken ,  so it had gone back .
tried these as an option to the ones i use regularly but they just don t fit me .
i rather use a metal whisk if you are planning to have only one .
save your time and get a $ trident silicone case .
it was also a bit complicated getting it on .
for $ i don t know what i was expecting ,  though .
they are very thin and bubble very easily .
i would not have bought it now that it has been here for months with little use .
the side bumper piece ?  i am so sad ,  the case was so cute and could have been so nice .
wish i hadn t sprung for this economy sized bag .
these are ok for the price ,  but don t expect to use them more than once .
in fact ,  i think i still might have one in the garage that i used a long time ago .
i am usually a num_extend but as that size was not available i opted for a num_extend
amazon sent me a replacement and that one broke after only one use .
in my experience ,  they do not break on impact ,  unless they are dropped on a very hard tile floor .
too bad because i love now foods lanolin and veg .
yes ,  they are a great price ,  but not usable so that does not matter .
i want to try and write a fair review of this toy .
one of the earphones reaches at a shorter distance than the other .
i have been using it faithfully through much trial and error but it just doesn t hold well for me .
i don t update the firmware or do anything crazy ,  just work and this device doesn t seem to do that .
i guess it s the wrong battery ,  the part numbers are different from the original battery .
its not as strong as i d like it to be .
some people may like the plug and play battery pack thing ,  but i say go this way or similar .   .  .  .   .
this ear phone is comfortable but i do not recommend it .
the transmitter is not the strongest in the market and it can get easily overwhelmed by nearby num_extend
i really wanted to like this product after hearing about it too .
then i would purchase it again; otherwise ,  no !  !  !  .
cheap doesn t even begin to describe this product .
i was thinking it would change my life based on some reviews .
the thing is all plastic ,  and not the good kind .
i would suggest spending your money on something you ve already tried .
this charger did not work right out of package ,  it was a gift .
not enough protrusion for ear bud to be incerted securly in ear .
putting in a fresh battery didn t help . while they may work for others ,  they re useless for my num_num num_extend
so i had to purchase those online  which i did buy from amazon  .
i tried a new battery but did it not help .
i was disappointed with their cheapness but for $ i can t expect it to be too sturdy .
nothing is was wrong with the phone as it paired easily with other bluetooth devices .
i am sad because these batteries do not last as long as my stock battery .
it is not a practical or even a fun toy .
i m going to have to get the damaged portions cut out .
i don t know if it worked or not .
if you are picky about your phone covers i would not go with this product .
amazon rocks with their return policy though ,  it was no hassle getting a refund .
i have owned internal drives for over num_num years with no problems .
after the batteries were in place i found it to be almost impossible to replace the plastic plug .
so ,  i began to move the cord and it would charge for a little while and then stop so .
but unfortunately it does not work well . if you are real close to it you will get boiling hot .
i will continue to use it until it is empty .
now they are no more softer on my feet than any other pair of slippers .
nothing !  everything was predictable and easy to beat .
i could get them on ,  but it was a struggle .
they promptly sent a replacement for the exact shears i originally bought .
however ,  this is no surprise for the price .
i was excited when it arrived and tried it on the next day for work .
i kept it for now becasue i have a loaner phone while mine is geting repaired .
i might try a smaller ball ,  but it should be made better .
so ,  the next question is why i bought it .
i m not sure how this has so many good reviews .
and it seems a bit small on me  lrg size  .
save your money when it comes to this one .
i ve tried to use it numerous times ,  but it comes apart when i don t want it to .
seriously ,  this is simply not a good product in my estimation .
overall it was just very cheaply made and didn t last very long .
this shape also means the spoons don t nest as completely as most sets .
so if you re a num_num try either num_num or num_extend
the quality of the screen protector is poor .
there should be a complete manual ,  at least in pdf ,  included with the product .
mix that with garbage and the smell is horrendous .
yipes !  luckily i had another plastic link remover  with a broken pin  .
purchased this from amazon and it broke within num_num months .
the product looked like someone had it before me .
my gripe regarding its design is it s rather bulky ,  like a brick ,  and a bit heavy at num_num oz .
i bought these on the basis of other reviews and i m so sorry .
seeing all the good reviews ,  i assumed it had been improved .
the motor is not very strong ,  so processing takes a long time .
they did not cover the whole screen as shown on picture .
i usually will end up using my whetstone instead of these rods for this step in the sharpening process .
well ,  unbenounced to him i could hear everything they were saying .
they are cheap but you get what you pay for .
never fits !  !  says easy to install ,  but it does not go over the light cover .
maybe it s me but i cannot charge the phone with the cover on .
it doesn t really tone all that well ,  not worth the $
gross ,  but it s a foot warmer so i thought i d give it a chance regardless .
but who cares the pump is a little quieter if it breaks down and doesn t work .
we haven t used it yet and probably won t .
i just decided to try it out to see if it wouldve got me by .
i don t always want to use a num_num cup bowl ,  but i don t want to clean num_num bowls either .
i am going to give them away to my pregnant cousin .
doesn t build up or wrinkle on your skin .
it reaches peak heat very quickly and automatically turns itself off ,  never feeling hot for more than a minute .
i wouldn t get it again ,  would prefer other brands i ve used before .
being thrifty and getting cheep generic tools is one thing .
however ,  i don t use those every single day like i do the rice cooker .
i decided to get a new one ,  but it wasn t working from day one .
once the rubber part gets a lot of dirt and lint on it ,  it will not stick as well .
i returned this headset immediately and got a refund .
it tastes like i imagine tea brewed with liffey water might .
there are too many reviews like this one .
i ll leave an mrm cla num_num review in a few months after i figure out whether it works .
i only have it hooked up to num_num computers .
this are very cheap but you get what you pay for and no extra .
or ,  it does charge ,  but then twenty minutes later it stops .
i bought this to use with my samsung vibrant galaxy s phone ,  but it didn t work for me .
but if you search  thomas wooden flynn  you ll see amazon is currently offering him for $ with free shipping .
really not anywhere near as good as all these people are making it out to be on the reviews .
the buttons have to be pressed fairly hard ,  changing the desired position of the earpiece .
when i went back and read some of the original reviews they were much less positive .
however ,  the noblesse is thin and of a much cheaper quality although it seemed to be well made .
i guess  better than spoiled milk  just didn t have the same ring to it .
i read the reviews ,  some good and some bad .
tonal quality was mediocre ,  at best . i hate this headset and probably won t ever use it again .
the cable obviously is looped so that it rolls up to be shorter when not in use .
invidious ,  as this headset is produced by the same company that produces the phone itself .
this is not all that comfy as the reviews lead one to believe .
these new ones have a straight plug and lasted only num_num weeks before i had to replace them .
in this case it appears that i received a used filter for the price of a new one .
i decided to see what i could find on the internet ,  so i checked out the company s website .
from something under $ these num_extend aren t it and other brands do better .
i wish car stereos just had an  in  jack .
original batteries lasted over a num_extend yrs with quite a frequent sort term use .
i actually would give this product num_num stars if it was properly packaged .
these provide indistinct ,  throbbing ,  muddy bass that makes you ears hurt after a short time .
the same samsung brand name the same concept .
i still used it ,  determined to get some use out of it .
in person ,  it is just a dark purple .
my whole life i used pressure pan to cook .
the product is low in quality ,  now i understand why lower the price .
plus these were going to be stocking stuffers .
this one is barely tolerable . if you spent good money on an espresso machine ,  don t cheap out on the tamper .
first off this toy is a little creepy .
the headset connects fine and then just drops the connection during a call .
anyway ,  amazon was the only place that had this game and i gave it a try .
this phone picks up fingerprints like nothing else .
next time around ,  i would opt to buy a lighter cutting board .
it have problem some time ,  like brew cold coffee ,  not working and don t drip coffee from filter .
there are no large chunks of coffee mixed in with dust .
order this because of good reviews ,  poor packaging ,  lid was half way off ,  leaked all over .
not as nice of a shine to the stainless steel as the farberware though .
i ordered this from amazon ,  and the one i got was completely wobbly and unstable .
if you have num_num slots ,  you ll be much better off  and it ll be cheaper !   buying num_extend
the carafe does not keep the coffee warm very long .
before i returned this maker i was pouring into a different cup right away .
but otherwise ,  its a num_num star rating for now .
i wanted to like this coffee ,  i did .
for an alternative ,  cmack s aquablock earplugs ,  num_num prheck out the aquablock ear plugs ,  also from mack .
in the limited time it stayed put where it was supposed to be ,  it did seem to work ok .
save your money and look for something that is more substantial .
the not so good part is the taste .
think i would like it a lot of it wasn t broken .
it ought to be an excellent ,  snug alternative to underwires ,  but the cut is off .
i tried num_extend num_extend e ,  num_extend d ,  num_extend e .
i recently tried instead after seeing a positive review for it in fashion magazine .
fool me into thinking i didn t need to take up a usb slot .
at this price i expected a little more .
if you play around with it ,  e . g .  ,  entering data ,  waypoints ,  etc .  ,  the battery drains so num_extend
however ,  the belt is a bit of a pain to deal with and i ve stopped using it now .
you need strong durable plastic for a tougue cleaner not this crap .
at first ,  the case seemed to be a godsend .
it does not make for a good look .
then one day  about a month after i bought it  my wireless internet connection didn t work .
my otterbox for my atrix num_extend does not have this problem with the attached screen protector .
or you have to read pages and pages of junk ,  in case you need it later .
i ordered this according to how it was supposed to be sized .
this timer is just a little more complicated than it needs to be .
now it has water in it that i put in ,  but it is not draining through the holes .
i ve seen great reviews from others who swear by this product ,  it just didn t work for me .
it fell many many times and was no worse for wear .
i had no idea what was in the box .
i guess i just don t understand kong toys .
though they receive glowing reviews across the web ,  these just don t work for me at all .
ordered num_num batteries from a to z mobile ,  for my samsung epic galaxy s .
unfortunately it didn t work ,  thus i don t recommend it .
i got the num_extend as a warranty replacement for the defective num_extend according to koss ,  same class replacement .
this product just stop working after only a month or so ,  sorely disappointed .
also ,  the treats did not come out as easily as i assumed .
if this was my first bluetooth headset ,  i probably wouldn t buy another one .
you want a lube to do the num_extend
the fan s air output is pretty puny and weak .
however the oem battery does not show this tendancy to shut down .
this price ,  described honestly ,  would have netted num_num stars .
others may like this product but as far as me ,  i did not .
i own many palettes and singles ,  from high end to low end .
after reading reviews online ,  i really expected more from this product .
it just looks very cheap ,  too white and shiny .
there is almost no rise in these jeans .
if you are looking solely to cut potatoes ,  it may be okay .
i can t complain ,  this was a cheap case .
i won t add much to the very complete reviews on here .
popped it into my num_extend and tried to use it .
ok ,  here are the reasons this game is num_extend
i have been using this mitt for a few months now .
it isn t fair to rate this item ,  i did order my size ,  but did not fit .
be very careful what you plug this cable into ,  you might not get it back out !  !  !  .
this was listed as a new product ,  however i received it and it was not in factory packaging .
this is a cheap coffee maker that used to be a good value .
however ,  although i kept it charged monthly to have it ready when needed .
i didn t know this at the time .  .  . and so ,  i bought the  substitute  then offered .  .  . sunflower jasmine tea .
overall ,  it seemed to be made okay ,  but the screen was a deal breaker .
the hot air is not really hot enough to have any effect on thick or coarse hair .
i bought these hoping they would be like the num_extend version num_num but they aren t .
if you need ,  like i did ,  a pointed stylis .  .  .  .  .  .  . this aint your cup of tea .
ok i was excited to get this but when it came in !  it was beat up really bad .
i don t think it was poorly designed ,  i think it does work in certain circumstances .
it practially has no scent at all ! i mean it s just so light that it does not make any difference .
as i remember it was about a six week delivery with num_num delivery info available .
as many others have noted ,  the buttons are difficult to press with the rubber being almost plastic .
were nt expensive but u could save your money and get better satisfaction from buying a cup of coffee !  .
i purchased this from another source so that i could just buy num_num of this variety .
you drop it once ,  and it s broken and the blade no longer stays on the body .
i thought by going the more expensive route i would be getting a better quality item .
using this device ,  the output image is noticeably darker and slightly fuzzy .
if i can i will return it as i only tried to use it once .
i won t comment on the quality of the items but the service is sloooow .
it needs better directions on how to order the right size .
quality and design leave a lot to be desired .
i bought this for my brother who has a galaxy num_num and did not fit .
this is not my favorite product from olay .
something that zero could get . the music is okay at times but get s annoying .
i don t know what is happening to the product but not as well made as before .
i bought this product ,  but it didn t arrive .
tad quieter but nothing that makes you go ah !  the plastic housing does seem cheap looking also .
just dont like that i have to buy a new one again so soon .
the photos don t save to the camera roll on the iphone .
i didn t find anything special about this product .
it does not keep an edge very well and it s too heavy for its size .
they re big ,  but not big enough for a larger head .
it s unfortunate as i do need a comfortable shoes for my job .
apparently works for some ,  but not for me .
my gosh we must ve bought this thing num_num years ago or more and it never ,  never worked right .
so i guess it doesn t work for everybody .
the little chrome handle fell off the first time i used it .
for $ youwould think it would be made with better quality .
this stuff feels like it has something abrasive in it .
but this product just didn t work for me .
time between the two can purchase and now was maybe one month .
i bought it because of price but it was a mistake .
these stands are ok for small speakers  though still sort of bulky and cheap looking  .
and the refurbished product has the same issues as the original .
this charger splits the total num_num amp output between the two usb ports .
they are also apparently now made in china rather than the us or mexico .
so i exchanged it for another one ,  same thing .
a num_extend difference won t hurt ,  but this thing is all over the place; num_extend
this is the second time i purchased this item and the first one was chewed to bits .
i lost the charger a couple weeks after buying and i was glad i did .
i wish i had seen these reviews prior to buying this .
i m about to get a new one and go back to clear .
i ve had somewhat similar food but not quite like this .
any weight put in it doesn t keep it centered on your back .
in all actuality i won t buy anymore but wanted to try them .
my daughter is almost num_num so maybe later she ll take more interest in it .
this brush is made very cheap and the bristles will fall out very fast and easy .
i was very excited to get this toy for my num_extend old .
the installation went pretty smooth until then end when i was clicking the screen back onto the phone .
i don t treat my phone with a heavy hand at all ,  either .
nothing got damaged other then the battery ,  so i decided to replace them .
i purchased a pair of these num_num months ago and have less than num_num miles on them .
i ve had it for a few years ,  but i ve never used it much at all .
this is cheap and deserves the low price .
i replaced the gasket ,  thinking this was the problem .
this is the second one i have bought ,  thinking it was a fluke with the first .
some of the plastic edges must have been sharp .
good for a cheap secondary pair of sunglasses i guess .
how can you add the word  audiophile  to these headphones ?  the headphones are subpar at best .
if you re buying for voice recognition ,  consider another product . also ran into usb conflict problems . you can do better elsewhere .
not with my finger but with the actual cleaning cloth that came with it .
it should be in a plastic container that won t be destroyed if it comes in contact with water .
not all mixers require the adapter to hold the bowl .
i know battery life on smartphones in general is not that great .
tried to get it to work but will have to return it .
however the quality is so cheap that it literally fell apart .
the quality of this product is very poor .
eventually it broke about two months after purchase .
barely charge my cellphone ,  it tooks hours to fully charge and after num_num months of use suddenly stop working .
it doesn t make enough noise or  do  anything .
a week or so ago i ordered this product when it was advertised as a pack of num_num boxes .
any way the thing is this product is absolutely num_extend
i was advised to spend the extra money .
since the beginning the earbuds easily fall off your ear and diminish the sound quality when it does .
the machine will not always turn off when you press the power button .
unfortunately ,  you can not determine if the charger is good until you buy it and ruin your phone .
they hurt my ears even at low volume .
i ordered these for my num_num year old grandmother for valentine s day .
most of these cheap items are what you pay for .
but then i ve never seen one that really was on a phone this size .
that s ok ,  but not worth the price of admission for the entire set .
this did not fit well ,  very large arms and quite long  down to elbow  .
i clean and charge it religiously ,  so that isn t the issue either .
i finally realized the lid given for the large pan just wasn t even close to fitting .
i didn t realize this product had so many herbs and spices in it ,  such as turmeric and ginger .
i was really looking forward to using this thing ,  because it s so much easier to buckle from the front .
press a key not anticiptaed in the current menu and you have to power off to get it back .
i am so shocked i looked at the review again .
im not too disappointed as these were pretty cheap .
i now have purchased a product that is not appropriate for my device .
i was looking for a replacement for my num_num year old revere kettle .
also ,  the finish is not as thick it does not wear near as well either .
i know it sounds picky ,  but i have not had this issue with any other keyboard i ve ever used .
i saw this grinder on display at a small kitchenware shop and gave it a few turns .
i would not suggest you to waste money for it and seek something better quality .
i was looking forward to using this product .
i would have expected that for what i paid for it it would have been safer .
when i first put the bilsom earmuffs on and turned on the radio ,  i couldn t believe the sound quality .
this coffee is stale ,  expired ,  with no expiration date on the package .
it was an ok buy ,  low cost ,  just the stand broke after a few times of using it .
i was really excited to get these log cramp tablets because of all the wonderful reviews .
i do not like foam ear plugs but have to use ear plugs for sleeping .
they re little wooden ovals painted white ,  and they are tiny .
we bought two sets ,  and have num_num glasses left .
i have used an electric razor for over num_num years and thought i would try the panasonic num_extend
also ,  they are constructed with a blue plastic covering glued onto a gray plastic base .
if i could give it less than one star ,  i would .
ah well ,  at least it didn t cost much .
do yourself a favor and buy a product made by another company .
it is cheap and isnt very good at all .
i would consider this item if you could buy it for less than $ but no way for $
then one of the ears snagged and ripped off .
sometimes the red does not line up nicely like how it does in the picture .
the num_extend is being returned and i will stick with the num_extend num_extend num_extend adapter  .
the charging pad is smaller then i thought ,  its smaller than a mouse pad .
they are not completely disgusting  ,  bit they aren t worth the money online .
my nikorr num_extend i currently use all the time .
seemed cheap .  .  . didn t fit at all on my phone .  .  . i won t buy them again especially if you need a sturdy one .
as you will see ,  the game gets something like num_extend out of num_extend
the heater i got is a num_num watt for a num_num gallon tank .
the adapter works fine ,  but it shouldn t be required in the first place .
in fact the only thing nice i can say is it arrived almost two weeks before the due date .
i even tested num_num other keyboards on it and num_num other mouse .
i bought  keepsake  a couple months ago ,  and paid less than $ for it ,  because it s an older game .
the fan was noisy ,  and inside it collects lots and lots of dust .
.  .  . i haven t used my garmin in over two years since i bought my first droid .
it was not overwhelming ,  but it did not smell great either .
people may want to consider buying this somewhere they can check the exp .
for the price i would expect better quality ,  at least better texture .
this product was not a success for me .
it took me two weeks after purchase to get the nerve up to try it .
it s a shame that this pan is so difficult to clean ,  i would ve loved it !  .
i like the product ,  but i do not like the way entirelypets ships it .
i have ordered something else that i think will work better .
it s just a piece of plastic like screen scratch covernot highly mirrored as pix .
fortunately ,  i bought it used and it sits in my collection ,  but is not played .
for that reason ,  i will not ever buy another product from this company .
i wonder if some of the other favorable reviews were placed on amazon by the manufacturer .
the cookies are ok ,  though they are very crumbly .
the nonstick surface is crap . i ve owned this pan less than three months .
the only sharp part is the tip that poked through the sheath .
a good filter would only block the polarized light ,  reduce the reflection .
it worked for a week or two ,  then the suction cup quit sticking .
they are pretty convenient ,  the sound quality is meh .
i am paying the price for buying cheap .
i ve had the num_extend for about num_num weeks and so far it s been quite disapointing .
i was looking forward to trying this out .
don t be misled by amazon s  people who bought the num_extend also bought this  link from the num_extend
unfortunately i needed a more durable bag with more compartments for shoes and toiletries .
i ve been using frontline products for years and not had any trouble .
i ve been using it for one day ,  doing some basic shopping and throwing and the handle is lose .
it looks cool but isn t a practical choice for a kid .
the first cup of coffee poured contained dripped coffee from around the plastic perk top .
totally not worth the price on amazon either .
so if it breaks or you lose it ,  which with headsets it always happens ,  you wont be upset .
so as soon as they came i sent them back .
there s really no way to use this case in conjunction with a screen protector .
same thing happened ,  even though i used more the second time .
however ,  a majority of the cookies had separated somewhat to the cookie part .
this toaster didn t toast evenly on both sides ,  so i returned it to amazon for a replacement .
it is too small and jiggles and lets steam out .
this is a nice looking scale ,  but it is not consistent .
i read a review that was critical of this product ,  but thought that the reviewer was just a complainer .
this product claimed it was a charger for iphone num_extend
but i also had some decreased sensitivity issues after removing the screen protector .
no wonder the price keeps dropping on this coffee maker .
this one came broken and didn t make the noise when it struck something .
i got a free sample this time ,  and i cannot see actually paying money to buy this product again .
it s a very very cheap piece of junk .
relatively inexpensive ,  especially at the price i paid ,  but not worth $
so ,  i got online and read reviews and oh my were they bad .
and for the price i really didn t spend $ for neither pair .
like when you are looking at a tv screen through a camera or something .
i would come off better purchasing one at the store .
however ,  it does work with my older talkabout which is a num_extend but not with vox .
if i am missing something ,  please leave a reply and i can change my review .
i had a blender just like this one for several years and it finally died .
so while the bag was only $ it was a total of $ per bag .
the actual coffee part of the  taste experience  seemed humdrum .
the finer blade of the two broke on the third russet ,  bending and then dislodging one of the blades .
i tried using shampoo and conditioner and washing num_extend a week .
one reviewer stated it had a chemical taste to it .
i didn t think it s worth the trouble for the few dollars i paid so .
and thats reslly saying domething because i usually take little to no sugar in my tea .
because the handle is so heavy ,  it turn this way and that way without you wanting it to .
i doubt that i ll wear this device much .
i then adjusted the trim until the rotation stopped .
the other items were ok ,  but kind of useless ,  since i have small screwdrivers and tweezers .
and when you play it back noise becomes noise .
parts appear to be brass or bronze rather than stainless .
for some reason when i used this it would press down buttons without me wanting them to be pressed .
i will try to see if using less makes any difference in the texture i get .
i guess at this price ,  you can t expect many standard features .
i was very disappointed . amazon was very good about issuing a return label and refunding the purchase price .
i cannot believe there are not better phone holders for the car .
i am not fully satisfy with the headphone .
i can t quite figure out all the num_num star reviews .
unfortunately this product really didn t work for my wife .
it just didnt live up to what i thought it would be .
i assume it is num_extend because it has been in use for at least a decade ,  probably longer .
thought my batteries were bad so went and bought more .
i didn t really think of pasta as having much flavor until i tried this .
i just am not impressed at all with this product .
i returned it to amazon and ordered another one from another seller .
i bought num_num of these ,  and it seemed ok so i bought another .
i have been using for num_num days ,  never missing a day and applying twice a day at times .
fortunately ,  there were a few filters with the newly purchased coffee pot .
i plugged this device into my car and attached my iphone cord and plugged in my phone .
the suction is ok but there are too many design flaws on this product .
mine are not set correctly and they don t make a smooth cut in my nails .
anyway ,  i proceeded to use it to knead a white bread dough .
they are not uncomfortable ,  just found to be far less comfortable than the others ,  after comparison .
it tastes ok ,  but not great like before .
in spite of what appeared to be sound packaging ,  many were broken .
it was scraped and dirty and the contact points were scraped pretty badly .
the design is kind of cheap looking too .
but ,  for $ and a $ rebate ,  i figured you get what you pay for .
this product is not extreme and does not last long .
i ve purchased other sets ,  but those did not come close to this set from amco .
i d hoped these would be closer to what i ve bought at costco .
i find this product to exhibit somewhat of an unpleasant taste that does not appeal to my senses .
however ,  it will most likely somewhat degrade the quality of your picture .
quality is poor ,  they are a bit flimsy .
i used this product on my five year old daughter who has very curly ,  mixed hair .
despite picking this up for a low price ,  i fully regret the purchase .
the charger i received was in fact used ,  not new as described .
this set was a last minute add on to my sons christmas kitchen set up .
this charger is listed to work with the num_extend and num_extend
i already had an original platinum bundt pan and this was not the same .
it recharged only twice .  .  . i ll go back to a canon brand and pay the higher price for a better value .
i had this on my home network for three months and it only worked for the first num_num weeks .
having owned this product for num_extend years ,  i have noticed a number of num_extend
needless to say i won t be buying this again .
this filter is not adequate for over a num_num to num_num gallon saltwater tank .
i supposed it could work for pizza too ,  but only because the toppings add to the flavor .
i finally replaced my dx with an siii and bought the samsung infuse car mount .
there are too many other products on the market .  .  .  :   .
a better purchase would be two num_extend card for  .  .  . more .
that s a hell of a lot of bad reviews .
num_num listings of this product ,  different color ,  yet when receive its the same .
even had these things not broken ,  it s really low quality .
not sure if it was defective when i bought it or whether the product has issues in itself .
i haven t had problems with this bad of acne for a couple years now and since i started this .
it really diminishes the quality of your screen .
then the battery craps out and wont hold a charge anymore .
for the money ,  it should have been made much better .
if so ,  i will write another review then .
you can get away with just num_num of them to cover wrenching on most bicycles .
they claim internally it s num_extend x num_extend x num_extend
the reason i say that is that i would never be able to afford the $ price tag otherwise .
the next morning you grab it only to see the cute  your battery is too low to operate  num_extend
again ,  i paid shipping and cuisinart replaced the machine .
i really should have listened to the reviews .
it seems the same thing happened to another reviewer .
you have to get a very very thin case for it to work on this case .
i was debating between a num_num and num_num star rating .
despite the fine print on the packaging ,  it is a bitter coffee ,  not smooth and mellow .
sometimes you have to jiggle the dial ,  sometimes you have to turn it off and on .
taking it apart is crazy hard and hurts the hell out of your fingers .
my bluetooth device is the jawbone era ,  and these ear gels didn t fit that model .
once paired with an iphone num_extend it will pipe all audio to the headset .
as they are ,  i find i don t use them often and would not purchase them again .
upon opening the package it was pretty flimsey and i didn t think it would hold up walking .
i ve had some of my cheaper coffee mugs for years and have never experienced this .
its actually more of a dark blue ,  not this pretty teal blue in the picture .
the plates themselves are not exactly even ,  they are a bit warped and don t lay flat .
i did get a chalky texture and tast in my mouth too .
the num_extend lasted barely a year before stopping to work and a replacement broke quickly as well .
this is a set of num_num stainless steel canisters with glass lids and silicone seals .
i use it for other devices but did not work for what i purchased for .
i was conviced it would work from all the great reviews ,  but it didnt .
you d be better off using a spoon or spatula .
i wish you better luck shopping for your vacuum than i had with mine .
don t expect too much it is cheap so you get what you paid for .
for the price ,  there surely must be better alternatives .
the other one ,  after num_extend dead  i use that with my previous num_extend ultralast batteries still working good .
i would never buy one without an extended warranty ,  though .
i say kit because it looks like this is way different from a previous purchase i made for these .
i purchased my num_extend back in early num_num and ar max doesn t work on it .
i d rate this drink somewhere between num_num and num_num stars .
i will buy a better one when i couldn t fix it anymore .
it worked great for about num_num months then all of a sudden died .
i read the instructions ,  then carefully laid down on it .
well i can understand why it is cheap cause it barely works .
it s not like the one i remember from the old days .
i bought for my niece but ended up giving her mine instead .
in my opinion just the case is fine do not need these kind of products .
i wish there had been a product review on baconsalt when i researched it on amazon .
i wear a size num_num shoe and it was too big for me .
i wasn t super thrilled by it ,  but it wasn t the worst flavor i ve tried .
it did mix well but i just can t get pass that taste and only tried it once .
it s too inexpensive an item to go through returning it or i would .
i do not have gigantic ears ,  but the fit was not even close .
if you want something to protect ,  go for rubber .
the unit worked initially but i didn t test it as often as i should have .
so be careful if you dont want to send back and pay for shipping .
hey you get what you pay for ,  and for less than $ that is exactly what get .
i would not waste my money on this product .
it worked fine at first but has since stopped working completely .
i bought this for my sister as a birthday present and was really disappointed .
in the past ,  i used zagg invisibleshields for a lot of devices .
this cable is a cheap looking thin black cable with small molded connectors .
i used this headset just one or two times a day .
unfortunately ,  it s so cheaply made that it wouldn t work when i took it out of the box .
i returned it promptly and bought him a different knife .
it would have been nice if it vacuumed too .
if you hit anything that isn t soft it breaks off .
maybe it helps some dogs but definitely not mine .
i won t say that i like it  weak ,   just not that strong .
hard to take off . color not so great . messes with picture quality .
just not the quality i was hoping for .
maybe try putting it in hot bath water .
some ,  when you use them ,  charge your phone at a ridiculously slow rate regardless the adapter used .
this is supposed to be a lightly flavored drink .
my husband has a cheaper unit  different brand  and it is several years old .
it may look right but not in the ways that count .
don t waste the money ,  buy something that will work and be functional .
for uses ,  other than baking ,  i guess its fine .
i have not had one good experience with it .
i was charging my phone in the car ,  but this product only charged my phone to % from %
i have been a user of the virgin mobile optimus v phone for the last few months .
it s as if the vibrating effect speeds up the wear and tear on the blades !  it s horrible .
my teenage daughter had this on her phone .
i received one gigantic bowl which i immediately returned to amazon .
the light is dim compared to the comparable equally priced beamworks led unit .
but after receiving it i was a little disappointed .
i don t expect them to last more than a year or so ,  but they were cheap .
i found the taste over powering and none too subtle .
there are no longer enzymes in the product and the flavor has changed .
i usually use a deep ,  shallow bowl for the batter ,  so that there is less waste .
as much as i wanted this to work ,  it didn t .
these aren t particularly durable and there are similar  and longer  cables out there for cheaper on the site .
amazon was gracious about allowing me to return it for a full refund .
it is nothing like the cord that came with my phone .
very annoying and disappointing considering the fact that i actually like the case .
my son requested this for christmas of num_extend
spend the money on b+w clear protector filters .
i used to work in the food industry and silicone baking mats were indespensible to us .
but  .  .  .  . should i  ?  ?  ?  ?  thats why i have it num_num star .
i was hoping this would work for me but did not .
i find it similar to a very thin sweat shirt without that fuzzy stuff on the inside .
i feel like i need to wipe down face after i use these .
too bad it s a knockoff and not the real thing .
i would highly not recommend to buy this battery to anyone .
i decided to try this one ,  and guess i should have stuck with something a little more expensive .
that said ,  cleaning this grinder at any point is a major pain .
not as good as the original ,  not as loud ,  cheaper plastic ,  but it is slightly smaller .
my charger like this that came with my smart phone will charge my phone in num_num or num_num hours .
heck ,  even i don t care for it ,  and i wanted to like it .
pain to put on and worse to pull off .
it was far too large for my dog .
i returned as soon as i opened box .
i ordered a num_num num_extend  wide  but these fit like a num_num narrow .
this wears out and it s coated not etched .
should have expected it for the price but it doesn t fit right on the phone at all .
it may work with other phones or other iphone models but not with iphone num_extend
i tried to cheap out and that is what i got .
it is no where close to being the complete thermal brewer my beloved starbucks baristta ,  rip ,  was .
the screen is hard to read in low light and is low resolution .
it is very hard to clean this filter as a result of the looseness .
it is pretty noisy ,  about like a old cassette tape with no dolby .
i purchased this holster for my phone num_num months ago .
after repeated efforts ,  my experience has been that rice rarely turns out well with this rice cooker .
i m usually a fan of lee products ,  being cheap and effective ,  however they crossed the line with this one .
the utensils are quite small and the pouch to keep them in is thin plastic .
i have tried other oils ,  nutiva ,  barlean s ,  artisana s ,  etc and have no problems with those .
i ve been using it for couple of months and honestly i do not see any difference .
actually it doesn t really even taste like coffee .
i found that it was actually draining my phone battery instead of charging it .
it has a sticker that can not be remove .
it takes getting used to and that s even questionable .
but after a few strokes through a quick sharpener ,  it was ok .
as someone who struggles to drink enough water ,  i wanted to like this product .
if you try to simultaneously charge and use the phone .
so ,  i decided to buy a different filter .
i haven t really used it because it is too big .
i was hoping it would be more useful .
i like how they fit ,  but very poor quality for this price .
unplugging the num_extend waiting a second and plugging it in ,  the problem instantly disappears .
i didn t notice any effects and i followed the instructions word for word .
bought something else at a retail store instead .
this product are design for bigger and wider cabinets ,  not for small and norrow cabinets .
ok ,  so no problem i just added more coffee beans and less water and so on and so on .
plenty of power right ?  wrong !  my mouse from time to time powers off then powers back on .
the screen worked good for about num_num months and then it went bad .
and the powder was crushed and banged up .
leave a voicemail for yourself with your phone and with your headset .
the plastic that the case is made from is also very brittle .
i probably used it for about two or num_num weeks .
i wasn t rough with this at all or using it improperly .
that s why i gave it a num_num instead of num_extend
only num_num calories per serving and a recyclable container .
finally ,  the way it locks for pumping is also somewhat difficult to engage .
also it was very uncomfortable ,  my ears hurt for a day afterwards after wearing it for that long .
i own the same shoe in black that i ordered .
if there is any additional light it is even worse .
no stretch ,  no give ,  ,  , to big for the size and cheaply made .
short ?  anyway ,  i m going to try another brand as a replacement .
sorry nylabone ,  i usually really like your products .
the second computer is older than the first .
here it is ,  april ,  num_num months after i bought it and i m still having problems .
i don t know if other chargers do the same ,  but i am dissapointed with the performance of this product .
the oven does not ding when it turns off .
was always having to  prime  the mechanism ,  even though i don t have hard water .
haven t gone yet though . the item arrived in a large flimsy gray plastic envelope . the packing had fallen apart in side .
i think i may have purchased a counterfeit or something ,  because it did absolutely nothing .
why add unnecessary functions ? the lid comes apart for cleaning ,  but i found it extremely hard to get it apart .
it had small scratches it rapidly aquired more .
this thing did cut the veggies ,  but not small enough to use for stuffing or anything except stew .
you ve been found out i think :  i see no denials that the thing is made in china .
i would give this product a  minus num_num stars  if that option was available .
knowing that this product was only $ i didn t have high expectations .
i ve had this machine for two or three years and am looking around to replace it .
but for wasting my time ,  and frustrating me ,  i will give it num_num stars .
these are ordinary coffee beans ,  not the super oily dark roast you want in espresso beans .
in the end ,  i returned it and got my money back plus shipping .
does not take much to scratch up the permanent hard screen protector .
i ve only had this thing for a few weeks ,  but i don t like it already .
trust me this is not a good product .
the back cover stayed on however it didn t snap on flush meaning there were gaps in it .
maybe the trick is to only use it every num_num weeks .
i m about to send them a requests for a replacement smaller size .  .  .  . and hopefully those won t have holes in them !  .
i was excited to try this product after reading some of the other reviews .
i ate the first couple ,  but ate around the next few in my dish .
the amazon one was about twice as expensive .
nice case ,  but the white part got dirty very quickly .
my husband doesn t seem to mind it so he is using it .
i paid over $ for this set originally .
there is no replacing that . slicing vedgies ?  get yourself a mandoline .
and hurt my ear to wear it . other than that .
the problem is ,  it doesn t do much else .
you re speaking through the car ,  then you have to grab the phone ,  then it goes back to the car .
i pull the phone off my purse and in num_num minutes it has dropped to %
sometimes i feel like i could break it just by holding it . controls .
was not the right size for my lg optimus q .
it didn t take long before my opinion changed about them .
if i was shopping all over again i would looke for a model without these same flaws .
it is very heavy but in this case heavy doesn t equate to quality .
they have an aftertaste reminiscent of coffee grinds; and have a very heavy sticky texture to them .
replacing the batteries is rather inconvenient since it requires a small philips screwdriver .
my sister ,  however ,  has this toy for her son and have never had any problems with the assembly failing .
after many ,  many spins ,  there is still a lot of water left on washed lettuce leaves .
on the brightest ,  i can see something ,  on lower setting nothing at num_extend
this toy is so expensive and yet so cheaply made .
i have a mini ceramic stick type that works better ,  but it isn t my ideal ,  either .
material was much lighter and felt cheaply made .
i made the mistake of buying two pair .
i don t want to take the back off my phone to place it in a case .
i did not have confidence that it could protect a $ phone from drops .
i don t hate or like this product ,  but it hasn t benefit meand i wouldn t purchase it in the future .
unlike the instructions ,  this did not take num_num minutes to assemble .
being able to hold num_extend of any data you like in a small portable device is just too useful .
it s very cheaply made and i can t imagine it lasting from the thin cord to barely held on earpiece .
the micro usb doesn t fit snugly into my phone either; it s quite wiggly in fact .
i used it with no issues on an num_extend and galaxy tab .
smooth is one thing ,  but this coffee has no taste .
for starters ,  the knife in hand wasnt the caliber that i was expecting .
i am going to get another hoover steamvac jr .
i ve used these for years ,  and i have no idea why i put up with them .
it is such a thin thin thin case and very brittle .
it is not an easy screen protector to install at all .
anyway ,  i m sure these are working well for others ,  just my two cents on my experience .
in an additional num_num mins or so had my wireless laptop going and didn t have a single problem .
save yourself the trouble and try to find something that is stainless steel .
i was looking for something to snack on also for fiber .
made in china and did not say so in product description .
or check your microwave turntable size and see if they have a size on this product before buying .
first of all ,  i really should have considered the size more .
i d toss it in the dishwasher after using it .
the smell was okay ,  it didn t have the weird tanner smell .
it barely does the job for wat i need and i keep fearing that its going to snap .
who knows if the charger voltage and current are even compatible with the charging case .
i thought maybe the problem was that it needed new batteries .
the problem is that it only lasted num_num month .
much too small ,  i thought they might be a little larger than they are .
i don t know how it happened ,  but it also came apart after a few weeks .
it says it won t harm factory dyed leather ,  but after market leather is up for grabs .
i might expect the black synthetic portion of the handle to break ,  but the  forged stainless steel  ?  pretty disappointing .
parts fall off after a short time and it is very cheaply made .
but i wish i had saved my money and just bought a higher quality headphone set sooner .
i returned it for the next larger size .
this one wouldn t work on my phone or tablet .
i thought this would be a better option .
they do protect the screen ,  but were a major disappointment .
i wish i would have known about this before i purchased it .
i have had the mophie for less than a year and it is beginning to call apart .
the total time i used the product before it became useless was num_num minutes .
for such a high tech and expensive unit ,  it just isn t good enough .
i have a large cutting board ,  so when i saw these they seemed tiny .
unfortunately ,  the large size is much too big for our num_extend coonhound .
i was so excited to get this toy .
i have purchased num_num these in the past months .
the remote has a little flap that under it has the short and i mean short recharge cord .
seldom have i experienced a product so bad its like shocks even the most jaded human sensibilities .
i am sorry to write such a negative review .
the only upside was that the case was very pretty .
but ,  it s too loud for the bedroom even on low .
i have to reset it at least num_num times a week .
if you need the performance of the original battery look for the energizer num_extend
it s plastic ,  but not a cheap kind ,  and i m sure it will handle some wear and abuse .
not very easy to stick to the screen and the back of my phone .
i have been pleased with my kitchenaid and most attachments for it ,  but not this one .
not the quality material i am accustomed from a champion product .
it is a piece of stiff foam rubber with finger straps .
other than it s use as a cute looking retro gadget ,  i do not understand the point of this device .
i was excited to get this so i could keep track of my weight ,  bodyfat ,  and measurements weekly .
that makes me really sad and phone is in urgent need of a new battery too .
don t buy this product ,  i m sure there are other better things out there .
i have been using hydroxatone for over a month .
it turn off during phone conversation or playing music .
i had high hopes for this stuff ,  but it didn t deliver .
my dog played with it for about num_num minutes before putting a hole in it and eating it .
even if the price went back down i wouldn t get this again .
i lost my paring knife and ordered a new one .
i turned the radio in for a new one ,  thinking it was a defective unit .
third ,  it seems to have very poor battery life .
i m surprised to see all these positive reviews with no mention of this problem whatsoever .
i was aboslutely shocked to see how much num_num oz really was .
the belt has num_num long yellow nylon strips to tie in the back  awkward  .
i had been using it for months without sending it through the dishwasher .
i wish i could give it a no star rating .
instead they want me to pay for it to be repaired .
i got medium because i have chubby hands but it was way too big .
looks ok when it is newly on ,  then rinses out off putting pink color .
i paid num_extend for this and i feel like it was really over priced .
few light dabs with a towel and the excess was removed .
if the case snapped onto the phone ,  it would be five stars .
i know you get what you pay for ,  but in this case i was expecting more .
the unit does not fit the phone properly .
the design is such that you do not get maximum taste from the coffee beans .
problem ?  it doesn t work if it s not super ,  super tight .
fortunately i had used this kind of product before but my son who phone this was for had not .
if i could give it num_extend stars i would .
for the price ,  i find it expensive considering it does not adequately work to eliminate razor bumps .
this happened no matter which type of coffee that was brewed .
i ve been a amazon shopper for a long time but i think i will start shopping around .
what i ordered was chinese douchi fermented black beans produced by koon chun hing kee .
i would give num_num stars for the toy ,  but num_num stars for the durability .
my original review gave this product num_num stars but i just knocked that down to num_num stars .
it might just be a defective unit ,  but i am just going to return it and get something else .
it looks like plastic with silver spray paint on it .
this worked fine until it didn t work at all .
one of the ears broke after i pushed for them to open .
coffee machine for years and never broke anything on it .
hopefully ,  i can get a replacement or my money back .
now i m using it up as a hand soap .
i am probably going to return this item .
my num_num month old recieved this for christmas .
i think my head would be average size for a woman and this fit way too big .
i stupidly assumed this new one would be similar ,  but this set cannot compare to the older one .
didn t feel it was sturdy enough for my phone and therefore didn t want to take any chances .
the barely smell of fresh brewed coffee was not there ,  and the taste was awful .
when we started using one ,  it stopped after num_num weeks .
i m glad it works for other folks ,  it just doesn t for me .
it may have been a bit more smooth ,  but nothing that warrants the raving reviews here .
the brush is air driven and stops whenever it comes in contact with a carpet etc .
the bumper just feels awful in my hand while i use the phone .
i also notice the price went up since i purchased making the whole deal less than a value .
the app used to integrate this unit with the phone is motorola my motospeak .
i regret buying this phone ,  it s really big ,  and verizon service isn t that great with this phone .
one will not stay plugged in the phone unless you hold it in .
it had a mildly coconutty  though not sweet  flavor ,  but it just wasn t anything special .
i used this num_extend lost the other one on the third use .
don t use this if you re in a hurry .
i was disappointed though once i actually used it .
worst of all the rubber is very cheap ,  and tears very easily .
i really didn t like this color at all .
on off for the heat . the heat never got very hot .
the top half of the bread is toasted ,  the middle and bottom of the bread are not .
it should have an led indicator telling you if the earpiece is on or not .
so i had to crazy glue it back on .
i figured out what was wrong and decided to replace the parts .
also there is a horrbile glare whenever you take your pictures .
our waffles never stuck ,  not even on the first use .
sounds is very loud no volume control .  .  .  . did have batteries included that was nice .
unfortunately i bought $ of it because it was a lower price .
you re not just protecting your investment in lenses ,  but you ll get better pictures !  .
spend a bit more money and get something else .
once inserted into the big box housing ,  its a simple screw to secure everything in place .
much to my dismay ,  the coffee i thought was so great tastes terrible .
after num_num hours of running without charging ,  it still at % cell phone is about % thicker than before .
they are thin ,  flat ,  and have a strange aftertaste and texture .
this is the biggest piece of junk i have bought in a long time .
we received this from my father when our son was num_extend
the lid sticks half way on and then it won t move .
i thought maybe it was seasonal allergies ,  but i have never experienced symptoms like that .
maybe even a step up to  diner coffee .   not terrible ,  but definitely leaves a burned aftertaste in your mouth .
then it proceeds to let out more air when the locking mechanism is actually locked .
it doesn t feel or looks like a real leather to me .
i used this after hearing rave reviews about their conditioner ,  even though it contains mineral oil .
sure it was inexpensive ,  but you should get more than three months out of the purchase .
i think this would had been a great purchase if the darn thing worked .
might be a setting ,  but a frigging google device should have seamless gmail .
never got this item ,  and im glad that i didn t because it really bad quality .
this thing was so cheap and reeked of wood glue straight out of the package .
this charger seems like a good idea ,  but quality problems made it dead on arrival .
it barely reaches the front of my iphone ,  so it s a little hard to press some buttons .
i don t know about you all ,  but i want to see something coming out of the machine .
it collected a lot of dirt and goop because of that .
so even at its current low price  about $ i still consider it a poor value .
the headphones constantly are falling out of my ears .
however ,  these pants look like they are a size small or medium .
there are num_num fan settings on it and the lowest setting is ok as far as noise goes .
so this whole kit only gets you one charged phone .
i gave it num_num stars because i don t have any complaints about the quality or size .
this was not what it should of beenbroke and way to large  . lol and i am too old .
once i finished applying it though ,  as it activated a little further ,  the smell did subside .
another issue concerns battery life ,  or more specifically the lack thereof .
just by inserting and removing it from my ear less that num_num times  ,  it broke .
these boots seem to be made well but fit too tight in the toe .
unlike the photo ,  it has gray and brown stains and looks like i ve owned it for a year .
you barely get anything out of it and it wastes your batteries .
i m drinking a ton of fluids to flush this stuff out of me but it isn t helping .
i ve tried more expensive bags but since they re so pricey i figured i ve give these a shot ,  big mistake .
i guess it works for some but not all .
i ve tried all types of grind size ,  i get a few particles through and that s it .
i bought this for my chubby cat ,  hoping it would slow down him bolting his food .
the speaker was mediocre and the sound was poor but functional .
i d rather exfoliate with a moisturizing scrub so that i don t need any lotion after .
it needs to be propped into a corner or in a highchair to actually sit up on its own .
out of the box ,  it has a strange ,  artificial butterscotch color .
so ,  i m giving them num_num stars for reliability .
when it arrived ,  it was much smaller than it appeared in the photos and reviews .
not really a good deal and i would take a pass .
the parts do not stay on the  potato  very well .
and you can get one of those at a dollar store for a lot less money .
call quality is as poor as you can imagine .
they get depleted with either the ipod or tablet so you cannot charge both without charging the power supply .
if you are old or suffer some issues with hydration i advice another snack .
but it is messy ,  not really easy to operate ,  and expensive for the level of performance .
i believe mine was defective or they are not as well made as they used to be .
a week after my razor and cleaner arrived ,  i received a small package via ups .
this ,  despite saying it s safe for use around kids .
was not nearly as pleasant as other similar products we have purchased .
should have done my homework due to the low price .
crappy game . i give this a num_num out of num_num stars .  .  . lates .
there were more bubbles and it curled on some edges ,  making it hard to fit into my case .
the first was a cheaper version which i returned .
i am not a fan of this product .
it took about num_num seconds to connect and hasn t dropped since . sound .
this is my very first negavite review on anything that i ve purchased on amazon .
honestly i am afraid to try other headset from sony .
i guess i m just not gonna be able to tolerate this glutin free stuff .
i am told the following remotes will work on the num_extend
would like a replacement ,  but for the $ spent on it ,  it s not really worth pursuing .
the handle is tarnished with little bubbles in the finish .
this was not the case with certain usb wireless cards and the linksys pci wireless network card .
the num_num webbed pockets hold a few things ,  but something else ,  higher up ,  would be useful .
he doesn t yet play with it ,  but my num_num month old daughter does .
now i am not an audiophile by any means ,  so ymmv .
cheapo replacement for the one i wore out .
as a result ,  i am returning this product .
i returned it ,  and was given another and got num_num uses out of that one .
save the money and put it towards a set made for  older  kids .
this soup has two specific directions for cooking ,  with microwave or without microwave .
the fact that it didn t fit just right was annoying me .
these things last about num_extend max with them .
first ,  other than the probe ,  this thing is made out of cheap plastic .
tried to rinse it all out ,  which took a while . this left my hair feeling greasy and not very pleasant .
vertical butt flap that only has one button .
i m a prime amazon member ,  but this product is not prime .
i have been a long time mophie user since my first iphone num_extend
it is not too bad as other creams though .
now i m faced with trying a different item or just replacing with the same unit .
it is cheap so i can t complain too much .
the cable provided is a short ,  num_num inch ,  full size usb to full size usb ,  male to female cable .
i am not sure exactly why amazon ,  ebay ect .
in the meantime ,  i bought another usb num_extend pcmcia card from orangemicro .
because the return cost is as much as i paid for the product .
my skin really broke out after using this .
it would have been num_num stars if i actually got the correct colour .
but i m really disappointed how much of the color faded from the edges after just the first washing .
it does not charge my phone and in fact ,  it drains the phone .
glad it didn t cost much  ,  stretches too easy .
they are some of the more difficult to put on which is the most frustrating part .
i wanted something a tad larger than the roocase ,  that s is why i ordered this thing .
these batteries do not hold a charge very well .
when i ordered this ,  i thought it was corningware .
i ve been using the battery for num_num months now and it s almost dead !  the battery barely lasts one day .
i expected them to last a bit longer .
you would think this product would last more than num_num years num_num months .
it is stainless steel item ,  but it rustsalso cutting is not that good . not a good product .
i can see why other people might like it ,  i just hate something particular about it .
don t waste your money and they are imported from china and takes two months to get to you .
now ,  after an year ,  they don t even last for num_num minutes of charge .
the seller did refund my purchase ,  no questions asked .
it wasn t the easiest to put together and it didn t hold up .
you won t need a ringtone because the phone will never be able to receive a call .
if this happens ,  the batteries are not likely to last more than a few days .
i thought okay maybe it was some sort of defect ,  so i purchased a new uv assembly .
for anything that needs to mix for longer than a few seconds ,  the bowl gets stuck onto the stand .
i only got num_num months out of it .
i find this does not work as well as the original brand .
the consistency was very thick and would not glide on the nail .
it did not hold up like i had expected .
i purchased this simple batery for a cell phone one would think that would be a no brainier .
doesn t auto connect to devices when powered on .
but once its assembled ,  you can not not not store it in the box .
in addition ,  it isn t that comfortable to wear for a long period of time .
just sayin  . i just don t get a satisfying flavor and texture from this snack .
however it was lost in a move and i have been trying to find one like it for years .
it seemed a good price for the item but not worth the headache .
this belt seems to be cheep and the clasp seems to undo easier than i think it should .
it s so flimsy that you risk breaking it during assembly .
i m will never ever , ever use anything other than my tried and true .
the  fine  grind setting is just not fine enough for espresso .
looks like everything is made of aluminum or that it has more steel components than it really does .
what voice acting there is isn t so bad .
the problem is that it doesn t stay zipped very well .
this is not an impressive product after several uses .
i guess i expected something better for as much as it cost me .
the microphone seemed to be fine . the ear pieces are unfortunately attached to the head band via thin plastic .
ordered this for my droid and it does not stay on the phone .
it s not exactly a very cheap item to break down so much .
also i received num_num stars not num_num as decribed .
it s slightly better hot than iced but i doubt i ll finish even one bottle .
still ,  the price is low so i can t complain too much .
these batteries only last for about an hr after putting one in .
hah !  i didn t expect to find two other reviews with the exact same problem as myself .
i have to say i am befuddled by the glowing reviews .
i am not the type of person to put my phone is my pants pockets .
i am not saying the product is bad ,  it just didn t work for my skin at all .
not at all easy to install or use .
sadly i bought two ,  gladly they were cheap .
also ,  the rubber ,  where it meets with the plastic ,  is already starting to peel off .
worked great for the first week ,  then it just quit ,  stopped taking a charge ,  the buttons dont respond .
i thought this would be a samsung product but look like a cheap counterfiet .
to be honest ,  i didn t expect much when i ordered this ,  and had purchased it almost on a whim .
if you break the holder ,  you can try super glue to repair ,  but that tends to be temporary .
i do have an issue with the noise canceling microphone .
i have the same unit in black ,  which is a little more expensive ,  just for the color .
they sent me a num_num inch skillet ,  which takes up a burner and a half .
i probably used this blender only around num_num times over the past year ,  and now its broken . do not buy .
had this for a year or two and it stopped working completely .
am sad to say that this product does not work .
well ,  i m not going to remove my phone from its case every time .
we took out an old comforter and folded it num_num ways .
speaking of the thickness ,  it s do thick that i can t plug in the cord that came with my phone .
this product didnt do justice to me like i hear every raving about .
these gloves are a bit too small for me .
if i had time to return i would ,  but i need it for a trip .
glad it worked for some ,  but i will buy elsewhere .
turns out after a few uses the battery somehow shorted .
that s why maybe you have it priced so low .
yes ,  most parts rinse fairly easily without scrubbing but the screen is rather difficult to get clean .
worked well for num_num months and then failed .
they are thinner ,  much thinner ,  and oily tasting .
the the ear broke ,  and it got dirty and wouldn t clean well .
but i forgot about a battery that was in the charger overnight and it destroyed it .
as soon as i plugged this in the power light flashed on ,  then turned off .
i mistakenly bought this thinking it was made by motorola for droids in general .
it worked for a few days ,  and then stopped working .
the metal handle on the pan does not get hot but the metal handle on the glass lid does .
this costs way too much for such little product .
i double checked my work ,  but there is nothing hard about installing this .
either the battery is too small or not fully charging fully  or both  .
you can move left or right ,  not in or out .
it was also very much smaller than i anticipated even though i knew it was extra small .
this was the first one of these i tried .
quality is not great for the price ,  would not buy again .
seems to flatten them ,  which may be good for some outfits ,  but not others .
i won t be buying any more of this .
what a hassle because it is so greasy as well .
the second broke about num_extend months after i bought it .
i ve had it for almost num_num years and now it just isn t working right % of the time .
i cant complain because i didnt pay much for it .
however ,  i ve only used it a few weeks so maybe it would do better after longer use .
this battery was purchased for my motorola rizr num_extend
not a flavor i could get used to .
maybe space for a cell phone or an num_extend player .
its my fault really for even buying it as it has the clear backing to it .
i purchased this product knowing it was not very expensive .
i was really excited to try it since i had only heard good things when it first came out .
to begin ,  it is important to note that this is and feels like a cheap product .
spend a little bit more and get a better cable such as the mediabridge .
it is not until the fan is places in the chassis that the noise becomes apparent .
when i want to cook pancakes next time i will use my num_extend year old cast iron griddle .
i didn t get the results i was expecting .
i haven t really used this one yet ,  .  .  . looks a little cheap and not all silver like it is in picture .
we didn t even use it that often and it still broke down .
i am a very youthful looking num_num  no  fine lines  yet  and this makeup made my skin look terrible .
they shipped me a new unit overnight ,  along with a shipping label to return the old one .
mine arrived opened and leaking all over the box .
i agree with some of them ,  but for the wrong reasons .
i m going to try for the next size up and see if they shrink down .
if not for the poor design these would have been great headphones for the price .
the wii cost several hundred bucks but you ll end up spending several hundred more replacing batteries .
seriously ,  i think maybe i was just in the mood to buy something the day that i bought this .
i feel that its a little to big and it seems extremely long .
the toast came out burned on the edges and white otherwise ,  although occasionally there was a little browning .
i bought several packs of this as spare or replacements after i bought fluval canister filter num_extend
they try to play with it plugged in ,  but that s inconvenient when we are out and in the car .
they re greasy ,  not crispy and dry as i d expected .
it had two male usb ports of one end and a one female port on the other .
this shoe has comfortable lining and looks goos; however ,  it was a poor fit for me in num_extend
when i had an otter box on my phone i wasn t able to even charge it .
the oven is less than what you pay for .
he didn t mention that he felt better after drinking this coffee compared with other coffee .
i purchased this grinder on may num_num and by mid june ,  i m having problems with it .
i have used this mouse for num_num months with my laptop .
well ,  this product didn t do it for me .
i have an iwb holster for when i m wearing jeans . the box says the holster will work with most num_extend
took a long time to arrive ,  though i knew that upfront .
the screen protectors i received were way to small to fit on my htc desire .
in addition it i noticed that this items had a very small amount of product in it .
i decided to return this product the moment i took it out of the box .
you will be surprised how much headphones you get for so little money ,  and forget about sony s cheap stuff .
i originally had a ge electric knife for over num_num years .
if the ipad is charged in .  .  .  . but i am using it ,  it still runs down with this cord .
i reduced the rating for this product to one star or perhaps num_num stars .
my cord may just be too flexible or rubbery for it .
that s down in the range where i should probably give it two stars .
my phone popped up saying it wasn t compatible even tho i have an iphone num_extend
and the only times i took it off was to pull the battery or add a memory card .
this rack saves a lot of space but it is cheap junk .
i have had a vitamix num_num for a while now .
i ve very disappointed because it was an excellent charger during the brief time it worked .
the case is way too big for its content .
supposedly ,  the instructions are to charge the charger for about num_num hours .
the materials are cheep and the design lacks a lot .
i can only go to num_num stars for this .
if you are worried about protecting your lens ,  get a filter like this .
for the price ,  i definately got ripped off .
so i have now used both of these and had same issue .
i would reccomed it if you can get it for under num_num bucks because thats all its worth .
the cord was longer than i needed ,  but not too bad .
i d give this item a num_extend if i could .
i made banana nut bread two ways :  num_extend
because there is a hole at the bottom that allows you to stick your charger through .
it didn t seem as effective as i thought it would be .
there were num_num cracks in the cheap wood that is used .
invest in a set if you do not buy a  kit  like this .
that is just slightly longer than my old ,  pathetic original battery . i don t care if my test was not scientific .
i have returned them to amazon for this reason .
then you decide if it is appropriate for your intended num_extend
really not needed or better than just holding a knife .
maybe making it from one muscle is not the way to go ?  needed a sharp knife really .
another issue i have with it ,  is the tip is not as thick as i thought it would be .
these aren t make like they used to be  in the num_extend
this isn t a product that i d recommend to anyone .
like i said ,  i wouldn t recommend paying that high of a price for it .
this thing broke a month after i had it and i didnt even get my money back .
this grinder is not simple or intuitive to use ,  and it is extremely loud .
i put this on a blister on the side ,  not the actual back of my heel .
remember to remove the receiver case after charging as it is not recommended for daily use .
i read everyone s reviews before i purchased this balm .
after reading all the reviews i was sure this was the wallet for me .
i bought this because the reviews i saw on it but boy do i regret buying .
right now i am using a large pot to boil water and the old mr .
sorry to say that i didn t really like it; though i m glad that it works for others .
in my opinion this makes it a piece of junk not worthe the plastic it s made of .
it worked okay for about num_num months and then it wouldn t charge a thing .
i have always used stainless steel spring form pans and i guess i will return to them .
the difference was it cost soo frickin much .
the num_extend recording is unplayable on my car stereo num_extend out of num_extend
not that the price that was paid was extremely high ,  but for cheap material $ is way too much .
if i could give it less than num_num star i would .
?  ?  ?  very small bottle considering it has num_num small containers on both sides .
the one thing it did have going for it was that it was not as sweet as most .
i experienced the same thing with the second unit .
its that extremely hard to try to pull off your phone .
anyone trying to cook for two or more should really look for a larger cutting board .
i gave them all to my daughter ,  rather than go through the hassle of returns ,  etc .
unfortunately knives are an essential component of a manual bread slicer . here is the problem .
we used this probably for the first week .
the original battery works for num_num to num_num hours under extreme use .
looks like an acceptable cable ,  but not the belkin i ordered .
since the phone was new ,  it was at the introductory price  almost $
when the dying battery crosses a certain voltage threshold ,  some devices warn you of a low battery .
ios num_num just made the iphone num_num not an iphone .
i didn t pay alot for it so i got what i paid for .
after about two months of owning the phone ,  the battery life gradually became shorter and shorter .
it is a mediocre product at an premium price .
havwe not seen my num_num yr old granddaughter but i m sure she would like this item .
of course ,  this does not prevent the unit from working .
at least it s not a giant rip off !  !  .
btw ,  plastic is thinner than my old one .
i like that these are small and less expensive ,  but we wont be using them again !  !  .
i purchased this watch to replace another that i had for several years but it stopped working .
this was the main reason i wanted a panini grill in the first place .
i contacted apc tech support and they said you need apc brand batteries .
i m guessing the one i got is very old just on how it looked and feels .
this means that you must have a computer with a usb port if you want to charge it .
i ordered a couple of these ,  because they usually start to fall apart after a month or so .
i ve tried it as a rinse out ,  deep conditioner ,  and leave in .
i used this product once and it did not do as promised .
i had to do that in like num_num seconds .
there are much better ones out there ,  like the flexmart num_extend
the ears are soft ,  but to long and it has only one level of vibration .
distance is poor compare to other headsets and even other motorola bluetooth products .
bland ,  texture not quite right ,  wasn t a smooth sauce; it just wasn t really all that appetizing for us .
in certain limited circumstances ,  i m sure it might be useful .
once you get good though ,  it really becomes a frustrating experience .
i m just thankful i didn t spend alot on this .
the ones i got are more like steaks ,  than small fish .
i was skeptical about this product from the get go .
after num_num months of use ,  it stopped working for me .
you get what you pay for with these .
uses your provided headphones  requires them to work ,  its the antenna  ,  to receive fm .
the polish is clumpy and the brush is stiff .
while this tripod does what it supposed to do ,  there are better ones out there for the price .
now it doesn t work with the original battery .
i think the blade is okay ,  but the sleeves kept sliding off .
for a $ phone ,  i expected something far more polished .
i went to macy s and saw it on sale for $ $ i forgot  .
i m returning this and looking to invest in a better product with hardware conversion .
however ,  when i did use it dried out the skin around my nails and left the polish rather tacky .
what i really do not like about it is that water and coffee drip everywhere .
well for one i ordered the wrong size ,  but even at the size they look horrible .
in about num_num minutes , i was up and running .
i was very excited to order this teapot but had problems with the infuser being broken upon receiving it .
plus the case is not very neat looking at all .  .  . looks cheap !  .
if i am not using it ,  it will charge but it takes a while .
but ,  if you see it on the rack real cheap ,  then hey ,  pick it up .
however this product was not to my taste at all .
this is more of a review of amazon than it is of this kettle .
it doesn t taste bad ,  mind you ,  it s just way too sweet ,  almost overpoweringly so .
this scent is not reminiscent of aloe nor buttermilk ,  it s reminiscent of some chemical .
i m buying a new num_extend dj from amazon to replace the old one .
the pellets are ok for plinking at cans ,  etc .
it was cracking in appearance and my money became wasted . overall ,  i can not recommend this product .
the cars are so small  no problem fitting through a toilet paper roll  .
i don t regret trying it but it didn t work for me .
a harder surface wears down your knives faster .
the charger dock requires additional pieces in order for it to function .  .  . not sure i ll ever use it .
it stops you from sweating which i did not care about .
i can t even use this because the headphone jack hole isn t accessible with the case on .
if it were a $ coffee pot from the big box store you probably wouldn t complain too much .
or maybe it s just that the adapter is loose in the sound port .
i went a whole day yesterday and still had % battery available after num_num hours .
in my quest to drink more water ,  i sought out flavorings .
when my coleman stove arrived ,  it came with a funnel .
i bought this thermometer because i had num_num other thermometers ,  which were older ,  that were registering different temperatures .
the only thing i use a modem for is to collect the caller id from incoming calls .
it just tastes weird to me and odd .
however ,  this is $ a bottle and use to be $ a bottle here on amazon .
either save your money and use a knife ,  or spend more and get a mandoline .
that fact would explain the spate of bad reviews i saw on amazon .
i won t purchase again since it is too heavy for my hair texture .
i could no use a certain iphone chargers with the case ,  very cheap looking .
the sound effects ,  for some reason ,  just aren t very good ,  and the music sucks .
i mean ,  if you ve never tried seche vite ,  then well maybe you think it works .
the bottom is curved so the razor heads don t sit flat .
the item looks very big than i expected and does not fit in my camera bag .
when you buy a knife it should be able to cut something .  .  . anything .
it was unpleasantly loud just trying to set the timer ,  and the alarm was adrenaline inducing .
to be fair ,  most products don t work on me .
i really hoped to like this but it is just o . k .
these glasses arrived unbalanced ,  with lopsided bases and uneven rims .
well ,  it s cute in theory but nothing grew .
my tester revealed that this charger only puts out around num_num ma regardless of how dead your phone is .
you get what you pay for i guess but this is really cheap clothing .
and finally ,  the ratcheting mechanism was a little stiff at first .
the new ones do not have the range of the old model .
trouble is ,  i m not sure how durable these are .
the sound of my shure num_extend were much better ,  but they are far more expensive .
the old num_extend with fm had much better sound .
the quality its not too good .  . as soon as u use it ,  it gets scratches everywhere .  . i wouldn t buy it again .
bought for my girlfriend num_num months ago not bad for the price but does not stay clean .
so it is a pretty watch but not easy to read ,  program and lack of light .
it s like a big plastic bubble over the face of the phone ,  and it is very hard to use .
in my opinion ,  this bag will not last long .
i ve only had this bag for num_num days and it already seems to be coming apart .
i tried and it is just not good enough .
color was not really a match for the picture provided .
i have to say ,  i feel the same way about it .
the color issue isn t that bad ,  but this just is not functional .
darn it i wanted to like it i did !  bummer !  .
i expected to based on the great reviews by my fellow amazonians .
or maybe just a plain old berry yogurt smoothie .
as it says in the title ,  they were to small and therefore uncomfortable for a man s size head .
my son ordered this for our num_num cats .
this protector was missing it s inside layer ,  and was too large for my phone .
a shame if not ,  since otherwise i m quite happy .
so to me that s saying something if a coffee is bitter after you put creamer in it !  .
the rubberized handle part is not long enough to avoid gripping the sharp edged underside .
this one does come with a replacement tip ,  but i haven t figured out how to replace it yet .
upon receiving this knife ,  straight out of the box it wasn t very sharp .
for waht i paid ,  i did not get what i expected .
overall they are just a cube of salt with some added flavoring .
my unit works only plugged ,  so the battery is dead .
do yourself a favor ,  spend a little more and buy something else .
my previous ones look about the same but none broke .
what then is the point of buying a num_extend
this particular brand although it gets positive reviews did not work for me .
as a rider and walker ,  it doesn t roll very well .
i have a shorter sammons preston version with a double string on the claw for a better grip .
the photo is not representative of its actual size .
i was so excited to try out my new fancy mixer .
then i had to purchase two replacements for units that simply quit .
having an older pair of over the ear headphones i was expecting a major improvement .
they also don t fit flat on the ears .
it puts out a lot of heat ,  but unlike the num_num it does not have any reliability issues .
if i could give it num_num stars and comment ,  i would .
i couldn t believe how lousy it was ,  i had read some other reviews and they seemed positive .
in that case ,  goto a craft store ,  buy foam and material and make it yourself ,  it ll be cheaper .
it isn t bad ,  but not something i would chose to drink .
there are so many better flavors out there  see my other reviews  .
other than that it worked ok for a while ,  then simply quit working .
after workouts ,  i am drenched head to toe .
i have spent num_num hr trying to get the new num_extend adapters working .
i don`t have any wrinkles around my eyes ,  which speaks for itself i think .
i ve had this phone almost num_num months now .
i found that they were actually more difficult to use than the silicone scrapers i already have .
again ,  i have similar issues with other ear buds ,  so it s not necessarily a problem with the product .
it is kind of musky and it just has a little too much of something that is not lavender .
to my dismay the coffee was pretty weak excpecially when i put it in a num_num oz thermos .
i ve been disappointed in this brand name before ,  but this unblender surpasses even their worst .
she has had it num_num months and has played with it about twice .
maybe try the large size ,  but then ,  is it useful at all ?  .
they determined the handle was malfunctioning and sent out a new one .
it gets stuck ! had really hard time to take off .
it doesn t really stretch and does not bend easily .
i am afraid that i will loose it ,  so i ordered this one .
i am pretty picky about what they eat and this was a mistake .
i would not recommends this overpriced item to anyone .
i was disappointed when i received this cell phone cover .
i expect some kind of satisfaction from amazon ,  have already sent an email inquiry .
it clumps ok ,  but is not very effective for controlling odor .
there are better equipped first aid kits to be had on amazon for much less money .
unlike the old version ,  it does not wipe off easily .
after num_num weeks of consistent use ,  i see no change .
i had such high hopes with the other rave reviews but found this to be another collosal waste .
that is what it tastes like ,  but with a chemical ,  artificial aftertaste .
i was ordering based on the picture and description .
all parts inside and out are very cheap .
the picture is pretty bad except under full sunlight .
i tried to remove the white speck but it was actually the material under the black leather .
i like rimmel products but this one was not a good one .
i ve seen better designed ones after i purchased this .
i bought this for my neice but she didnt use it .
i assume they then returned it for a refund and amazon restocked it and sold it to me .
while it lacks any significant defects ,  it also lacks much body or richness .
i wouldn t go with this brand ,  for the price ,  it s just too risky !  .
i can accept a cheap looking case  after all the player that i was after !  and ear buds .
you would need to bathe in the stuff to get it last longer than num_num minutes .
the instructions indicated by placing the antenna near my stereo i would get a benefit .
i have owned the original calphalon professional hard anodized for near num_num years .
i was somewhat disappointed in this product due to the fact that it doesn t work with combo devices .
this product is not as good as the wide mouth .
i got num_num of this type of egg cooker and they went to the trash .
if you need your timer to reliably work ,  order a digital timer that is not mechanically based .
rarely do i write bad reviews of a product .
i couldn t believe how much these cost after i tried them .
this broke within a couple weeks of getting it .
it feels like it s scratching my skin ,  and feels terrible .
it is so messy and irritating to clean and fool with this thing too .
i will not purchase another one of these but look for something more durable .
you don t need to spend twenty bucks of an ipod touch case .
for example ,  today i needed to warm up some bread sticks to go with italian dish .
i normally wear size num_extend and i have wide feet  d  .
it didn t flip out my stomach with too much acid like some coffee s do .
i drink a lot of coffee so i was a little wary of this green coffee bean extract .
went to use it last week ,  spritzing the inside of my car .
i had to use another shampoo to get rid of the oily feeling .
if used in the shower it molds very quickly  even when cleaned up after each num_extend
of poor quality do not recommend these glasses and striped received paint chips fall .
i need this product for my loose green tea and for chamomile tea .
however ,  i wish it came with a card box to store all the slippery plastic cards .
when i bought this case it was only $ so i didnt have the greatest of expectations .
unlike most quinoa ,  the package i buy says  no rinsing needed ,   and until recently they were right .
the lining is not as thick as other styles .
the color is not all that great and the price is too much .
don t waste your money ,  you re better off using the oem charger .
this oven has a setting for toast ,  but it doesn t work .
they are so cheap and effective i ordered num_num of them at once for all my feeders .
this fan is so noisy that it didn t even last five minutes in our home .
i should add that it is rare for me to post a review that s negative .
i reported it to amazon and they refunded my money with no problem and quickly .
i ve run it a little ,  but i have no idea whether it cleans air well or not .
i have had a few garlic press s in my time and thought this was  my forever press  .
i returned it after less than two days .
they are better than some of the cheaper versions but again ,  not worth the price .
here it is num_num months after i purchased this .
i really wanted to like these but i ve had many better products before .
ok this was my first buy on amazon .
but i don t feel so hot about spending $ for essentially disposable headphones .
this was pretty flimsy ,  by the look of it .
this will cause meat smear in addition to the many parts you have to clean up when done .
just like other reviewers ,  i have had mine now for just over num_num months .
it has never worked correctly from day one .
not worth the money ,  very fragile for a phone case .
i realize that it would stay upright if i didn t hit it .
again ,  don t know if it actually does what it says it does .
very cheap material and gets dark and dirty quicklu .
maybe i ll find someone to give it to .
if this phone was worth num_num bucks ?  yea ,  tons of people would probably have it .
it s just in my hands instead of my wrists ,  and my hands hurt ! these can be disassembled for travel .
however ,  in doing this it also fails to be much of a protective case .
i recorded two voice mail messages ,  one from the old headset and the other from this headset .
i wouldn t buy this again ,  quality seems poor and it s big for edc .
that is just what i want . technically ,  it will hold num_num oz .
i find that i am straining to hear the person on the other end .
the other colors were good ,  but this one was just kind of meh .
went to apple store and all they ahd was these for $
i ordered my size but it fits very tight and i couldn t get it on so i returned it .
it seems flimsy ,  and plasticky but again ,  it was a cheap scope .
no vigorous rubbing needed  ,  but ultimately they re not as good as a liquid makeup remover .
the pictures are grainy ,  blurry ,  and have color aberrations galore .
it s also noisier than the old one and looks worse .
i learned my lesson :  you get what you pay for .
i wear size num_num and got a large and it s way too small in the waist .
i just don t think this product lives up to its reputation  ymmv  .
there s a constant hiss that comes from the unit ,  and it s unrelated to volume ,  bluetooth reception ,  or headphones used .
does not do the job it is advertised to do .
for me ,  it is a bit weak and has an aftertaste .
i bought num_num and only num_num of them works .
wow are you crazy ?  this thing is hard as a rock .
i ve been using this product for years because it used to be the best deal available .
these mounts are very ,  very heavy and require num_extend yes six ,  screws to mount to the wall .
oh ,  it also turns itself off ,  and my coffee gets cold .
this installed in num_num minutes without even bothering with software .
i am very ,  very careful and my previous cell phones were never scratched or dirty .
i needed a thermometer i could set a temperature on and an alarm .
after a long time i realized it was this product .
i had one that lasted num_num years of continual use and the last few don t last for nothing .
the heat concentrates in the bottom ,  tending to burn the food there while not cooking up to the top .
regardless ,  it is pretty low quality and does not provide much protection for the phone .
it s really too bad because it is a good price and i can t afford more expensive products .
i ve bought i don t know how many of these over time .
the only problem is it broke in a few days .
also ,  there was a loud humming that the transmitter produced that my speakers picked up .
don t learn the hard way like i did .
do yourself a favor and just buy a more expensive one with a belt system .
i bought this grinder elsewhere ,  but it is the same grinder .
someone said the range is about num_num feet .
unfortunately all the negative reviews on here are correct .
the volume dial doesn t always work ,  sometimes it turns volume up ,  but other times nothing happens .
the num_num batteries i bought do not hold a charge in my phone .
but then again it was not expensive at all .
it is really just a piece of very cheap hard plastic .
they are very thin and the threads come out easily .
then i began to use it over other day .
a pity cos the padding is sufficient and not too thick .
after replacing it with another model ,  i was back in business .
it probably costs them $ or $ to make it but we end up paying dearly .
it works ,  but if you have allergies ,  buy something else .
they sent a num_extend which is supposed to be even better with num_num hours talk time .
it just seems like it won t protect my phone .
i believe it may have caused damage to my phone .
i ve seen much better versions so i would shop around .
please ,  do not be mislead by the product title and description ,  as i was .
bottom line ,  don t waste your money ,  there is a reason this headset was so cheap .
maybe they would work good for kids but not adults .
both times i used for them for around num_num months .
it did not properly charge my motorola android phone or the iphone num_extend
i wrote a glowing review of this back in november when i thought the device wasn t getting enough attention .
but upon putting it on my phone i noticed that it does not fit snug around the phone .
i haven t had a chance to use this product ,  since the spray nozzle arrived in num_num pieces .
it s definitely not worth more than about $
i had an old fashioned dryer prior that did dry out my hair and also took forever to dry .
it even looks like pepper ,  and smells somewhat like pepper .
also on hardwood floors the wheels don t grip so it doesn t pop but rather just drags across the floor .
when i last ordered ,  i received confirmation of shipment on the num_extend and i received it on the num_extend
masks arrived in little more than a ziplock type plastic bag .
i bought this for a glock num_extend just really don t care for it .
there were written instructions that are not easy to follow and one little picture of one of the hooks .
your mileage may vary ,  but for me ,  this stuff is pain in a bottle .
i also bought two sets of sanyo eneloop batteries rated at num_extend that outlast these num_num to num_extend
it s as cheaply made as it is inexpensive .
also ,  this product has excellent review from amazon . com reviews  . do not buy this product .
in fact ,  i have to futz with the left earbud because my left ear will get sore over time .
equipping parts isn t the only thing you ll do .
i paid about half it s cost in return shipping based on principle .
just got num_num of these in the mail the other day .
first i read the reviews of both the num_extend and the num_num by plantronics .
don t see it lasting much longer than a few months .
i bought the external am antennae ,  it cleared up a bit but not as advertised .
i am not please with the product or the time it took to receive it .
i had the headphones for one week when one of them stopped working .
then after i got it to work it just didnt work properly .
so ,  i promptly turned the vacuum over and began taking it apart .
there is no cream aspect to the coffee .
i have a sink whose finish i didn t want chipped by my unintended dinging with the skillet .
not sure what was up with this as its not my machine .
:  i hate giving a bad review ,  but it s not worth it for various reasons .
sadly though it didn t live up to the expectations i had for it .
it was a shame because i liked the simplicity of the bowl itself .
although the manufacturer says it is dishwasher safe ,  mine cracked in a little under a year ,  with minimal use .
i m pretty sure when i started buying it it was num_num dollars cheaper too .
and i m not even a really sweaty type of person .
it s not  rubber  but a cheaper flexible plastic .
i tried to re sell it and it goes for $ don t waste your money on this phone .
large cardboard packages hide minuscule amounts of actual food .
it s a bit muted from the picture ,  but it s not that different .
the quality is poor even on the highest setting .
considering all the cons ,  this item is definitely overpriced .
i had no worries about it ,  because of all the great reviews .
it even makes the coffee i drink have a weird after taste as well .
find something more reliable or spend a little more money on something that will work .
it s sturdy and durable but to me useless so i wouldn t pay a dime for it .
so normal coffee ,  whether it irritates you or not ,  isn t all that acidic .
this product does not do the job as advertised .
it popped off and sometimes the phone didn t work with this case on .
the steam coming out of this thing even on smallest opening is still way too hot for me .
i was hoping the product would be great soon i was disappointed .
i called the company and they sent me an installation video from amazon .
i ve purchased two of these stupid pop the pig games for my son .
giving it num_num stars was being generous i feel .
i think the price was not equal to the item .
cheaply made ,  they should be cheap to buy but they re not .
wouldn t have guessed that ,  considering the number of num_num star reviews .
pay the money and get the entire water testing kit .
this one looked almost the same ,  so i gave it a try .
not sure why i believed all those raving reviews .
the materials ,  workmanship and parts are not top quality for a product that is not inexpensive .
but ,  the flavor was much milder than them ,  and i was dissapointed .
the instructions have grainy ,  thumbnail sized black and white pictures and terrible ,  hard to follow writing .
i m very disappointed; for the price ,  it should have fit true to form .
even then ,  it is dark in there without proper lighting .
the battery didn t last at all and i had to return it immediately .
num_num bucks worth of product stretched as far as it will go .
this will also be my last waring purchase ever .
if i could give it num_num stars i would .
better off going to your local dollar store for this .
so ,  it did not seem to be a new product .
i purchased this item because of price but regret it .
and should ve coughed up num_num extra dollars for a much better ,  more durable and reliable case .
i paid $ which was with a big discount from zagg directly .
this wouldn t be too bad if the rest of the kit wasn t so poor .
however ,  the photo angle makes this product look metal ,  rather than plastic .
i don t know how this gets so many great reviews .
it was supposed to be new ,  but arrived looking scratched and used .
and it s not stretchy like it would seem to be in the picture .
these styli are nice at first but the build quality is poor .
the taste wasn t horrible ,  but the after taste was unpleasant .
i was extremely excited to receive this item ,  but was sadly disappointed .
however ,  it is a mess to clean ,  and is fragile .
the juicer does the job but wastes so much fruit and veggie juice .
this case is easy to take off ,  but it doesn t stay on .
it s dirt cheap ,  about $ for num_num ounces of product .
i didn t expect much because these were dirt cheap .
at first i thought it was the device itself and cotacted the seller to replace .
the device arrived ,  battery inserted ,  battery cover tucked in ,  dropped device on the counter ,  battery cover popped off .
the newer ones aren t what the old ones were .
it is usable and does what it should but i do not use it anymore .
but its not an expensive router ,  so i guess you get what you pay for .
typically ,  i am pretty thorough about researching blades i buy but didn t follow through this time and got burned .
super disappointing . also ,  this product comes look much more cheap than the photo makes it out to be .
this is like salted road kill !  i threw it all away ! this is another amazon product with fake reviews .
yuk !  spend the extra money to get a half way decent set of brushes .
i have an older num_extend sony bravia num_extend lcd hdtv .
sadly ,  on me ,  it was way too sweet .
it is cheaply made ,  do not waste your money !  .
maybe i got a bad one ,  maybe i didn t ,  but i wouldn t buy it .
i had this for two days before returning it .
i really needed a thicker gauge power cord for it to run cool .
being that i bought it to be a spare charger cable it s almost useless to me .
has felt inside ,  wool outside ,  so it is not itchy . cons .
for what should be simple consumer electronic devices .
i know .  .  . several dollars for a little piece of plastic !  unbelievable .
i purchased this phone thinking i was getting a good deal because the reviews nooooo just run now .
i bought this a year ago and realized that i never reviewed this awful product .
this is supposed to be their newer model .
so then i decided to purchased the car type cb antenna with an adapter for it .
im not trippin hard it was only $ and some change .
i ordered this for my mother s blender but it was too big .
i bought one of these ,  returned it as being too small ,  and bought another .
just because an aftermarket battery says nfc doesn t mean it really is .
neat idea with retractable cord ,  but num_num pin does not stay attached to charge port ,  does not charge phone .
my remington broke and i thought this was an upgrade but i guess not .
i have been using brita pitchers for years .
and for something this expensive ,  you d expect the absolute best quality but that is not the case here .
note that  serving  is not the whole container  which is small at that  .
i have a usb wall adapter ,  so this was no problem for me .
i recently sold the phone and bought a num_num mhz ,  lg optimus v .
i had to wrap a rubber band around the case in order to keep it attached to the phone .
why did i buy this ,  i don t know .
but i found that it wasn t very effective .
the thing is .  .  . this had already been done plenty of times before and it s been done much better .
don t you have an ipod ,  num_extend player ,  or cd player ?  use that .
i have an ibm thinkpad ,  a sony vaio ,  and a powerbook num_extend
also ,  on further consideration ,  a num_extend megapixel camera is ludicrous nowadays .
and once you put it on it is so hard to took off .
i read the reviews before i bought this product .
my invishield product needed to be replaced on my iphone num_num from verizon ,  so i thought these would work .
save your money and invest in a little better if you can .
i guess i ll just go back to a wired headset .
this makes it difficult to put on my ear  maybe i have big ears ?   .
it wasn t horrible or anything but i won t be buying again .
i was actually looking for something i d had before .
but i ve only worn them a few times and they ve only been washed twice .
not the best fit on these around the back upper part of grip can be a loose fit .
if it is plastic ,  it will break right off .
if i use slight pressure i can actually rub it off .
when i had a num_extend i remember this case did not fit the phone correctly .
i was excited to finally receive these earrings .
but they are much thinner than the those from medline or kendall .
they need to move the thermostat and get a stronger fan in this thing .
just make sure to size down num_num or possibly num_num sizes .
hint ,  it cost num_extend what they sell for on amazon .
it does serve its purpose as a case and offers protection ,  but is not a genuine speck product .
it they had different sizes to choose from ,  it would be better .
it worked ok but the color was off .
for what i paid $ current price  i should have gotten way more .
very cheaply made ,  sent all four sets back .
i am lactose intolerant and can t use this .
all this is not helped by rather poor sound effects .
i m not sure what convinced other people to give this product such high ratings .
my friends complained about the echo and noise sometimes so i suspect if this is actually a refurbed one .
it s an okay ds but it s kind of plain .
i was hoping this would be as yummy as it sounds ,  even tho i had read many negative reviews .
the handle is too heavy so it does not sit flat .
cheap .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . don t like it ,  it only works if you have very short hair .
i need a device that can be used a few times before having to be charged again .
i guess i will still be looking for a more powerful replacement .
sad for them i was about to buy all new appliances  stove ,  fridge ,  double oven ,  microwave ,  dishwasher  .
water didn t get really hot like with most coffeemakers .
i don t think i m a fan of these because they re a little too thick .
turns on ,  and i can hear but the caller can t hear me .
but it s not that impressive once you start to use .
since purchasing it in january ,  i can say that i have read some rather poor reviews of it online .
i plan to use this to sit on at my home desk ,  but its way too small .
in fact ,  for me ,  this product was too sweet .
the nfc does not work when i use this battery .
i though these were going to be easy to clean and store .
either way ,  my old hp worked much better than this camera !  don t waste your money .
with the rechargeable batteries ,  i never once ran out of juice while shooting .
and i m a fan of pomegranates ,  so that s not the issue .
this knife would have received num_num stars if it wasn t so difficult to use comfortably .
the thing that i despise about this headset is the earloops and how easily they break .
felt like i was doing more than just pressing garlic .
you have to charge it by itself ,  off of the phone .
it lasted and worked well for num_num years before it quit working .
since this is amazon ,  there was no problem doing so .
i assumed from the picture that the charger was inductive ,  but its not .
this is my review that i wrote for the model one .
this screen protector was not a match for the tab num_extend
the first day i used it ,  it was okay .
wireless headphones need to be able to work for at least num_num hours to be useful .
i first got these half size bigger than my usual size and those were too small .
it s not bitter and has pretty low acidity .
they re pretty ,  but unfortunately just being pretty doesn t cut it when it comes to shoes .
it s a bit sticky ,  so it s annoying to slide in and out of pockets .
sound quality is crap . they re comfortable but that really doesn t matter if the sound is horrible .
it wasn t inexpensive ,  but i wouldn t want it if were half the price .
i had to wash it with bleach and water to get the smell out .
i m going to keep trying though ,  because he never seems to get tired of playing with it .
the batteries supplied work well ,  except there is no nfc  google wallet ,  etc .  .   functionality with them .
i will have to do a little more research next time i buy cases for my phone .
it s a very generic case that does the job :  nothing fancy .
if you re going to spend the same amount of money ,  get the num_extend on amazon .
another listing in amazon had a price of usd num_num with $ shipping .
i thought ,  after doing quite a bit of research ,  that this bag would suffice .
i usually buy things and am able to give a num_num or num_num star rating .
i have tried it with dual iphones ,  and dual tablets  nexus num_num and ipad mini  .
i wouldn t recommend it ,  and spend a little more money and get something of better quality .
it was an add on item so thankfully i didn t pay too much .
cushion seems comfortable enough ,  but they are not as cute in person and are heavy .
this product was delivered on time that is the only good thing i can say about this product .
not a good fit and not impressed by the sound quality .
it s like putting your cell phone on vibrate to your face .
tbe material itself looks like it was worn out ,  faded .
and it is ,  but that actually wasn t an issue for me .
i tried multiple outlets and num_num diff num_num prong plug converter and nothing worked .
upon comparing these to my old shorts ,  they were noticeably smaller .
i gave this food to my neighbor who has several cats .
works great when it works; but sadly it doesn t work reliably and parts are not available .
and it depends on how i dry it .
for the money this is not a satisfactory product .
i don t even know why it got such good reviews when it came out .
after i put this cable in ,  i now have num_num digital channels .
though not my favourite soup ,  i never really disliked it .
really bad battery life ,  connection was lost more often that i liked .
again i was told any version equal to or newer than num_extend would work fine .
get batteries out of frustrating wrap around two batteries ,  tg ,  if it were one you d never get it out .
it doesnt light up or make noises so it doesnt seem to keep their attention .
regular elbow pasta has around num_num carbs and around num_num grams of protein .
if it was still within warranty  it wasn t  they would replace it .
the htc evo lte num_extend is a great phone made worthless by terrible num_extend reception .
i m going with themulti timerinstead ,  which i received today and seems to be what i was looking for .
all of the wiring in this kit is not as advertised .
good item ,  however could not get to work very good .
but that s it ,  the pictures just aren t sharp .
finally i called customer service to get the unit upgraded over the phone .
it s unbalanced because of the metal for the blade and the plastic handle .
the camera angles are not very well done .
so frustrated ,  the seller s item had good reviews .
i didn t read what i was buying ,  so this was the first bad experience i had with amazon .
this didn t work for me ,  which isn t to say that it won t work for you .
then you try to line up the screws .
although the sound quality was decent ,  i found the motorola num_extend the worst fit of the num_num i tried .
unfortunately ,  a crappy mic ,  and poor durability make this a lousy product .
i am somewhat of a coffee snob and my husband is too but not as bad .
it doesn t taste like butter and you need to add salt .
it only holds the battery at the charge you plugged it in at .
may as well use a wired headset ,  keep your phone in your front pocket ,  and never drop a call .
would have given four stars if it had been complete .
maybe i should have bought a more expensive brand so i could have something that is better quality .
a pretty color does not improve the poor functionality of this product .
the rubber that connects to the hard plastic separated on every case that i owned .
it really is not as bright as i like it to be .
it has noticable machine marks which makes the surface rough .
very rough and felt like i was using a cleaning brush on my skin !  !  plus the bristles fell out !  .
as in after a full charge it lasts maybe num_num minutes .
when it worked ,  i would rate it a num_extend broken a num_extend
oh ,  you plug it in ?  for some reason i thought the up was bluetooth enabled .
fully assembled this unit measures num_extend long from butt to nozzle tip .
these headphones are uncomfortable to me ,  they are sprung too tightly ,  with no adjustment .
i use a canon eos num_extend num_extend and wear glasses .
we sent it back and got a replacement but that one developed the same problem .
i wasted my money they never charged and i actually think they ruined one of the phones .
received these pens ,  they dont even have the same writing on them as they do in this picture .
the leaks were minor and not quite constant .
after installing the fan i pulled my sound meter out and checked the decibels being emitted .
i can open the tall spaghetti sauce cans with no problem .
guess i shouldn t complain since i only paid $
this was not as sturdy as i would have liked .
i seem to go thru an electric razor every num_num years or so .
i would like this to be clearly stated in the product description .
as soon as i recieved this i used it .
also ,  when used on the inside of the glass it fogs up the glass .
nice idea ,  but the product was not good enough .
i charged this battery upon receipt and used it the next day .
if you do need fm ,  go for the motorola num_extend
the items themselves are too small and fragile .
they were far too expensive to be so poorly made .
i guess i m the only one that got a defective jabra supreme uc bluetooth headset .
that s why i paid for a second one .
wish i would have spent a little more and got something better .
it cannot hold an edge worth a flip and is very prone to rust .
it makes their back arch in a way that isn t num_extend
i wanted to like it ,  but just didn t .
i ve owned other screen protectors for other phones and didn t experience what i did .
the cords were indeed the correct micro plug ,  but are not oem htc .
the only great thing about it was that it could fit nicely into a corner .
first ,  this wasn t exactly what i thought it was supposed to be .
this case was very cheap and honestly too expensive for the quality .
i made this one yesterday after receiving it and it surely was a disappointment .
i don t use this product but i order it for a friend who doesn t have the internet .
maybe i m an idiot ,  but one might assume the num_num pack is a better deal than the num_num pack .
they are not really arch support for your feet so i would not recommend these .
boy i am glad i didn t pay full price for this item .
the mill worked great the first time ,  too bad .
it broke really easily and i finally just took it off of my phone .
if you re looking for a cheap cover ,  look for one without any design .
however ,  on my product ,  the adhesive stayed on the release paper portion .
as i previously said ,  the bass starts out decent and then fades away into nothingness .
i replaced the battery ,  but that didn t solve the problem .
i am shocked by how strongly this smells .
i buy american whenever i can find it since i am done with poorly made chinese imports .
i m afraid i don t have anything good to say about this product .
it should be thinner or at least work better in that regard .
this pitcher is slim and does not take up much room in the refrigerator .
i really would ve loved to have had this purchase work out ,  but the quality just wasn t there .
we ve had it over a year and she still hasn t taken it out of the bag .
the after taste is a little difficult to take as well .
i ve tried several expensive brands ,  popular brands ,  etc and all left me wanting .
i m glad this was a gift from someone else and not something we wasted money on .
the plastic of both the container and the lid are cheap and very thin .
i had to return the shoes due to them fitting small and too narrow .
oh and you can play num_extend games on the num_extend for those of you who don t know that .
the life of the battery is far too short compared to the ones i have bought in the past .
if i did not press the num_num cup button i got num_num cups of coffee .
if i paid list of $ for it ,  i would definitely return it .
>>i purchased this same item from another seller on amazon .
i was disappointed alsobecause i think it costs a lot .
i have not been able to find earplugs that will stay in my ears .
as i mentioned previously ,  the diameter of these are already stretching a bit around my ring finger .
the black finish is wearing off where i buckle it and i ve only had it for a month .
more likely the rotating mechanism that allows the lock to unlock got jammed .
during the first few months i had no problems at all .
this is not a defect in manufacturing ,  it is a defective design .
i really didn t notice any difference while using this product .
i made this with a few ounces of steamed milk ,  water ,  and a little heavy cream .
while the case appears to be well designed ,  the note num_num is impossible to get into the case .
i tried it with peeled and unpeeled garlic .
i also used that opportunity to change the rating to from num_num stars to num_num star .
that is ,  the metal is week and the sheath is cheap plastic .
a drop of glue by the manufacturer probably would do the trick .
if you tighten it ,  it s hard to use and makes unpleasant ,  squeaky noises .
i don t know what this is attributed to ,  but it s quite unpleasant . overall ,  disappointed in this product .
i wanted to like it ,  perhaps it s just a defective unit .
another flavor might be more tasty ,  but i won t be purchasing this product for myself .
no  delivery of deep bass  as advertised and they lacked the fuller sound i am used to .
it should only take a few minutes to do .
personally i think they are way less accurate than your finger .
num_extend x num_num per day . so i gave these a try .
the protectors i received are approximately num_extend larger  on all four sides  than the screen itself .
this just didn t work the way i was hoping .
i was excited to get it then opened it up and the lock did not work .
with numerous sellers running about ,  sometimes you can get a fake or phony .
the only reason why i would recommend this product to anyone is because it s cheap .
clearly not nylon ,  some kind of more fragile plastic . so ,  i guess you get what you pay for .
weird . if you re looking for good quality sound ,  stay away from this crap .
i m not sure if it s the batteries or the charger ,  but they are not working well together .
what s more ,  there was none of the characteristic freshness that  bag  coffee typically has .
i should have read the reviews more carefully .
i would really only expect to pay about $ for this product .
it is way to hard to fit all the pieces back into the small case .
if your coffee grinder has a square corner on its catching container ,  you could pour from that .
for the time being it ll do ,  but i ll be looking for something more convenient and faster .
my dishwasher does not have a heating element  bosch  ,  so it s not due to overheating in dishwasher .
they are low in calories and low in taste .
despite the outstanding reviews the oster received ,  i would not recommend it .
this one has lots more features ,  but it s no good if it doesn t work ! i am returning it .
i d say that the only thing this has going for it are it s looks .
and to me ,  that s not the mark of a good sauce .
i wear a size num_num in pants but have a booty .
and overall just not a well designed product .
afterlittle use it started to give me wrist pain .
though i ordered black it was black greenish gray looking .
even for a phone or other bluetooth device i would not recommend this product .
i sure expected better from the previous reviews .
so ,  it s hard to say what this skillet is actually made out of .
silly me ,  when i saw the box ,  i though they must be magnetic or something .
pay no more than $ for this thing .
the graphics in this are very num_extend ish .
i used it once and will probably give it away .
if it weren t for verizon ,  the phone would be fine .
i own this router along with a belkin access point that i m attempting to get to work together .
i ve owned another case charger prior to owning this one .
once i switched to a wired unit ,  i ve had no problems .
i don t understand what happened to my initial review of this product unless amazon deleted it .
too bad ,  cuz it was a cute belt .
luckily it didn t cost but a few dollars but i wish it had worked .
i have written amazon for a replacement with one that is not expired or for a refund .
i might have been able to tolerate that .
the carasoul needs battery change very often though we have not used often .
that s the only reason why i given this product one star .
by the way ,  to me it was smaller than i thought it would be .
i bought a cheaper one about a month ago that was bad right out of the box .
this model was only $ more than the num_num cd player ,  so i went with it .
the sound quality leaves a lot to be desired .
finally i decided to try the microsoft mouse .
this case looks nice in the picture ,  but when i received it ,  it didn t look near as nice .
nice in theory but not practical in the real world .
this is not near as good as first .
i went ahead and put it on to see if i could figure it out .
these screen protectors reduced the clarity of the screen considerably .
i am disappointed in the quality of this product .
it does not automatically connect when a call is received or num_extend
these i noticed however were a lot cheaper than the calvin s so i thought i d give them a try .
that was much shorter than what i wanted and the  stretch  is only about an inch .
not to mention my skin isn t  sensitive  ,  aside from breaking out .
i have combination skin and usually have no problem with peels or enzyme masks of any kind .
i gave what was left to my mom .
i bought this cable and it doesn t work .
the slots are a little oversized ,  so there s no friction holding your stuff in place .
seriously ,  it s not difficult ,  per se ,  just annoyingly cheap .
actually ,  the more i play the more i wanna change my review .
the package says a serving is num_num cookies which has num_num calories ,  num_extend of fat ,  num_num cholesterol .
my only consolation is that i purchased this toy on sale for only $
if they lasted a month as some people reported ,  that would have been satisfactory .
however ,  i wouldn t recommend it for use inside the house due to the noise .
it seems rather cheaply made .  .  . but seeing how i paid only $ suppose i can t complain much .
don t know how so many people gave this a good review .
now my son plays with it so i guess i get some use outta it lol .
it can  go out of control  and spin the rotors uncontrollably .
the quality of the product is just too poor to make it useful or worthwhile at any cost .
overall ,  there is not that much for this system .
these ones appear to me to be junk !  !  !  definitely get what you pay for with these .
not to mention assorted filters ,  batteries ,  flash cards ,  etc .
requested a replacement from amazon in case i got a bad unit .
i should have done my homework befor buying this .
i d give them num_num stars if i could .
the material looks very thin and like it can easily be torn .
however ,  the picture quality is awful ,  even on the highest settings .
what gets me ,  is that i barely used the item .
i didnt wait long for it to get here .
it s very annoying to have a cell phone case that won t stay on .
the plastic was bad ,  it took me a lot of effort to put it on the device .
i could have bought a $ box fan and it would have worked better .
thankfully ,  amazon allows a free return with the printed label so i m sending them back .
i suppose it s better than no light at all .  .  . but not much .
i didn t realize it would be so small .
if you don t you will hurt the battery .
i only wish i had realized the difference sooner .
these products may work wonders for some ,  but i am not impressed .
i would be afraid to use this on an expensive iphone .
num_num stars because it worked for a while .
products but i definitely wouldnt buy this again .
i normally do not have this issue with amazon .
looked forward to replacing my classic knife on my keychain because the scissor feature did not perform well .
unfortunately ,  this flavor was just too far out there for me . texture of the oatmeal was okay but not great .
i am unfamiliar with the brand ,  and the charger is not cheap .
my dishes were not as clean as they had been when using cascade .
feels cheap and too large despite the size small that i ordered .
somehow more cheap than all the other cheapos .
on top of that ,  most of the pictures will come out dark and out of focus .
as such ,  the battery life on this is not an issue for me .
maybe i have been lucky to not break it .
i would give it an extra num_extend star for that ,  but num_num seems too high .
the phone has some good features such as a sound boost button ,  but they re poorly executed .
apparently the rechageable batteries are not strong enough to power it  .
i ve had it for a little over one year and it broke yesterday .
oem shop sent a mini usb charger instead of the advertised micro usb .
it broke the second time she wore it .
you see ,  reviews are written for people who have not made up their minds .
i knew i was taking a chance with this considering how cheap it was .
and dance with them on ?  forget about it . i mainly got this to use the volume control knob .
now that would be a good thing if i liked the flavor but i do not .
maybe it looks good with the black but this protective cover is not durable .
i purchased this battery and received it about num_num weeks ago .
i tried adjusting eq and the different sized ear buds but the sound was just terrible .
it has little memory storage and eats battery like crazy .
especially puff is not soft ,  too tough and doesn t spread the powder throughout the skin .
those who use the old design know what i m talking about .
this headset is hot to wear and painful .
this is the actual temperature it s sensing ,  and is fluctuating due to water flow around the sensor s  .
fine ,  i understand those little pieces of plastic won t last forever .
i get much better performance from a cheap $ tape adapter .
you need a wheel that is at least num_extend in diameter .
for the price you can purchase a better flavored coffee .
there are lots of flavored creamers out there why mess up good coffee beans ?  .
it took me num_num different times at attempting to get this completely hooked up before i finally did .
i like essential  real  scents of nature ,  but this smells more like outhouse deodorizer ,  sorry .
so for that ,  i wanted to give it a much better rating than i otherwise would .
so buying the num_extend was basically me purchasing a lesser product for the same price as a better product .
if it ain t broke ,  don t fix it !  !  it was so good back then and now it s utter garbage .
it has been replaced by far superior num_extend phones that cost less than $
instead ,  this coffee is artifically flavored and it tastes like it .
the battery life is estimated at num_num hours which is num_extend
save your self frustration and time and just spend a little more and get an oem battery .
i wear a size num_extend but these are narrow .
i didn t expect the quality to be this bad .
it does fit on my ruger revolver but barely too .
i was looking for a color just a bit darker than nude .
at least i bought at the store first rather than buying from amazon .
this after trying the infinite combinations of earloops and earbuds the unit comes with .
all i can say now is that you get what you pay for it .
i didn t catch this little detail when i ordered it .
with that said ,  there are some things that bother me about this num_extend
for a few weeks it worked ,  but often came loose .
in fact ,  it just seemed to taste like a bold coffee and wasn t a pleasant taste experience .
another product i ve tried does not produce that sensation .
i couldn t believe how cheap it was and how loud the fan was .
they sound much worse than my $ sony earphones .
i will not be going back to cheaper screen protectors .
i had much higher expectations for this product .
i know it doesn t have the foaming chemical sodium laurel sulfate but yet they call it  foaming baby wash  .
i tried the num_extend because of the reviews .
i was back down to were i was ,  decided to try it again .
whatever i do ,  either the mouse is too fast ,  or the touchpad pointer is too slow .
the first time that amazon did this to me .
phone also fits a little too snug in the pouch .
it is stretched on the side and doesn t hug the whole case .
as it only cost $ i guess you get what you pay for .
i have never had glasses that break like these .
i can just barely fit three fingers in a hole .
i think it s the on off switch in back .
the day it arrived ,  i noticed it had some weird patches on it .
i ended up getting a refund and purchasing a different brand of case .
i used it up in less than a week .
i ve bought some cheap chinese crap before but this one was bad .
i don t know what i was expecting .  .  . but this wasn t it .
num_extend and i bought the num_extend from amazon .
i purchased the belkin bluetooth num_extend usb adapter so that i could synch my ipaq num_num pda .
now it s junk !  !  !  !  i wouldn t recomment this product to anyone .
so i came back to amazon to purchase nutrabulk s product .
usually there s a lot of scrubbing involved . you might ask why we stuck with this for so many years .
the pressure sensitivity is really lacking . the product is still useful ,  it s just not great .
i ordered this cable set along with a new hard drive for a new windows num_num installation .
but ,  why should i ? i still use the thing ,  but not as much as i had expected i would .
this case seemed to have all that i was looking for .
first day i put it on ,  my screen cover started to come off on all four corners .
this product lets in a lot of dust and then traps it .
i bought this awhile ago and it does not work .
the replacement was purchased from a local merchant .
i purchased it for my cell phone but it s way too small to hold any cellphone .
however ,  as others have said ,  the vast majority of my pictures are blurry .
its num_num package of num_num for over $
spend a few more dollars and get something better .
i just used this the other day to julienne some zucchini .
there was also a scratch on the back of it .
i guess for the price one cannot expect much from this company .
i will use it up because it does make my face somewhat cleaner ,  but i won t be repurchasing .
ouch !  too bad it didn t work for me .
first time i used this mixer was on cake batter .
it s not a horrible spork it s just that there are much nicer ones for less .
the product simply does not work well for me !  .
i spent the remainder of my contract using a mothballed droid num_extend
again ,  they work ,  but they re not aesthetic nor elegant .
the actual appearance of the item isn t bad and the thong style is o . k .
remember the can is num_num gallons ,  and it is too heavy to try and support with one hand .
seller agreed to refund  cheaper than shipping a new one  .
i have the original nwn and have had no trouble playing it on my windows vista quad core machine .
they aren t as soft and there s always hair falling out from the brush head .
i m going to have to buy another more expensive one .
there are far better models out there for only a few more bucks .
either they have terrible sound quality ,  or they are deffective  or both  .
description reads that it s a hardshell compound ,  but i m pretty sure that just means plastic .
then it starts to act average lifespan of a new phone battery .
the thinness of the outside leather is just not up to normal wear .
its ok if its cheap ,  but there are much better battery packs out there .
i m not joking this thing literally is almost the size that you see on your computer .
i sent it back and they replaced the camara .
i guess the old adage is true ,  you get what you pay for !  .
yuck !  i bought a whole case and had to get rid of them .
i never had any problems with martex towels and color retention so this has been quite disturbing .
and it takes about num_num days to fade .
the original beater that came with the mixer lasted many years before deterioration .
right when i bought my num_extend the price on this lg charger was $
so i returned both of them the next day .
at best ,  this tastes like truck stop coffee .
i just returned to spending a little extra buying them at my local pet store again !  .
when i try to twist it into place over the buttons ,  it doesn t rotate well and lifts a bit .
they hurt your ears after about ten minutes .
the processor in this is very low end and its often left trying to catch up to basic tasks .
there is nothing wrong with the product itself ,  but i wouldn t buy this again .
not worth it for the price amazon has it for . will not purchase again !  .
or ,  i d put the sippy cup spout on a bottle .
they finally said they would give me a refund .
wouldn t want to waste your money if you want to access everything on your phone .
these glasses distort my vision ,  causing blurriness and a headache .
the only reason this is getting an extra star is simply for packaging and speed of delivery .
the silicone feels nice ,  but the plastic is like cheap baby doll plastic .
well ,  now you know why this item is so cheap .
i filled it with water and fortunately put it in my dish rack to test it .
i returned them and will be looking for other gift options .
balloons ,  gloves ,  etc .  ; i have no other allergies .
i wont not bother to put this cheap looking cover on my iphone .
maybe i am doing something wrong but i did follow the directions .
given the flaws ,  not a good value for the price $
the included usb cable is only for synchronization ,  not charging .
they are softer than i expected for cheap brushes .
these do not do a very good job at that .
this is a toy that seems like it would last forever .
it was a little slow out of the box ,  even after i factory reset it .
i read directions ,  plugged it in ,  and turned it on .
now i don t often write negative reviews but check what i m saying by researching on the net .
good news :  it works . bad news :  it works too much . anything at all will trip it and make it go off .
i would much prefer to do it through my computer s usb num_num port .
it does the job ,  but it lacks a battery level meter .
i guess its the plastic its made from plus the rubber seals on the filter .
can be used as croutons for soup or salad ,  but not just eaten plain .
the same model i saw in the store didn t have that problem .
the shoe is fine but it s just too small .
i bought num_num or num_num of these type cheap cases .
and ,  the night glow is so weak you can t see anything .
the sound quality was terrible and the way they were designed they do not stay in your ears .
i had someone else double check my package before i sent it ,  and all the parts were there .
i was quite excited to open it ,  needless to say but when i opened it ,  it stopped half way .
the longest one has worked was about three years .
i never had this issue with the older unit that i had .
i love nongshim noodles and soups but this one is not as good as the others .
that means about num_extend ounces of this product is important ,  and the rest is filler .
it just went to carpet which was no good for my hardwood floors .
wipe off the damp solution with the soft side of a separate dry microfiber rag .
i just couldn t believe how cheap this case looked .
cheap is cheap and this is beyound cheap .
but it is now broke again for the num_extend time and i have since purchased a different one .
the only really positive thing i can say about this iron is it has alot of steam .
i have fiddled with this thing off and on for a couple of weeks now . the form factor is okay .
i bought these because they were cheap and that is what i got .
i honestly don t think it s worth the money .
i am posting this review as an aid to fellow amazon customers .
its just too thin and light compared to the g shocks i prefer .
it provides inadequate cushioning of one s ears from the hard plastic of the speaker enclosures .
my original mini prep had a sharp blade ,  not a serrated blade .
when i took it back to best buy ,  it was still clicking and flashing .
at first i couldn t figure out how toopen it but it screws on from the bottom .
i don t recommend this item unless you can buy it for num_num or $
now ,  that might seem like a small quibble .
the quality of the wool is very cheap .
this coffee will set in my emergency stash ,  only if i run out of the drinkable ones .
if you want to use this thing to prep ingredients for a  salad ,   you are s . o . l .
and i guess i just thought it would be made of cloth but it s made of cheap plastic .
it s a good idea but this one did not work for me .
i thought that the battery was dead ,  so bought a new one and put it in .
i will be buying a more protective case .
if i could get it to work then it would probably be better .
both the energizer and duracell batteries came from the same amazon merchant .
i doubt these will be lasting very long .
it was awesome for the first couple months ,  then it slowed down .
i wanted it to be good ,  but after the first few sips i got bitter after taste .
it doesn t work well for me because it s enough rooms for the dogs to be all over the place .
this phone case was okay at first but started peeling within the first num_num months i used it .
this unit was disappointing and now i need to purchase a new machine .
yeah ,  i m way over this product and will never waste my money again .
like the title says this is the same one they sell at walmart .
the sound quality is worse than am radio .
i was not expecting this result ,  especially since i ve used the product in the past .
basically ,  this in one time that you get what you pay for .
a coffee maker that boasts  pause and serve  should stop brewing when the carafe is removed .
even if cheap ,  screen protectors usually apply better than this one .
problem is people say they cannot hear me very well .
why is this needed ?  it is not very difficult to attach a cable to charge an iphone .
put in the new battery ,  let it charge for num_num hours and put the ups back in use .
i had it one day ,  and dropped my phone cracked the case and my screen .
i m used to unscented or low odor products ,  but i m not used to them leaving a bad smell .
i may see if amazon will exchange it for another .
and actually puts more scratches on your phone than you do without case .
only got to use it three or four times .
i really do not understand how this item got such high reviews .
if you do ,  i am not sure how long it lasts .
it didn t make my skin worse ,  but nevertheless i am very disappointed in this product .
i had this product for little over num_num months .
they sounded good enough ,  but that was only when i manually held them close to my ears .
i was sent the wrong size ,  a large instead of a medium .
so now i have a whole box of coffee k cups that i don t know what to do with .
example :  it s set for num_extend and you want to change the minute .
yes i keep it in freezer for num_num hours before using .
the ring design means the spoons take up too much space when hung up .
this was my first attempt at using it s a num_extend
i returned them and ordered a different brand .
however ,  after the warranty period ,  if something goes wrong you have had it .
i was asked my name ,  my telephone number ,  and the model and serial numbers for this device .
i eventually resorted to using my cheap kitchen shears which were much sharper and smoother than these  professional  shears .
it seems that the paint isn t of the best quality .
i switched back to my old linksys router num_extend and plugged in the linksys wireless num_extend
then i needed somewhere for quick access to my phone .
but in view of the price ,  i expected far ,  far more .
it fits the phone ,  but has a crappy ,  cheap feel to it .
i searched for an num_extend plug before purchasing and it came up with this item .
the quality of the plastic on the ssscat product just seemed cheap and lacked quality control .
should have read reviews before i ordered this item .
i didn t seem to find any problems with it .
it is clear that considerable time and talent was harnessed to shape this foul turd .
so i sent them back for a refund .
the handle for the pan gets very hot ,  and isn t strong enough .
i ve had this vacuum for a few years now .
i thought i could wear the earbuds and wind up the leftover cord ,  so that i didn t have tangles .
i was fooled by all the good reviews .
one design flaw is that the handle is made to move forward ,  probably for upright storage .
i would have liked it had it been usable .
it is nonsense to state that on the brightest setting ,  the screen is harder to see .
i thought that maybe i got a dud so i bought one from the store too .
this software is ok ,  but it s not worth the money .
the sizing is so off ,  i would not know what size to order .
as for me i returned one of them and kept the other one .
i m returning it . i just bought and installed a num_extend us robotics modem from amazon .
i take headphones kinda seriously ,  and these have to be one of the worst i have every used .
i only tried it for less than num_num minutes but that was enough .
helmet is far thicker than you d think; looks pretty ridiculous when worn it s so thick .
ordered this for an att iphone num_extend which uses a part like the one pictured .
i am disappointed but maybe i am ordering the wrong size .
i still miss the bass and mid range but less now .
this lid has a flaw as you can see in the pictures ,  it s broken .
good thing it did not ruin anything else ,  since it was pretty sticky .
over all ,  buy a better one so yeah .
can i give it less than one star ?  .
there could have definitely been a better design for this item .
so i don t know if there s something with the usb cord or if theres something wrong with the product .
the taste is not very consistent from nut to nut .
i don t know what this is ,  but this is my first and last purchase .
i m back on amazon looking for a replacement .
it s an expensive product and some places will not give you a refund of your money .
but no ,  now i m eating lots of soy again and it doesn t bother me a bit .
if i have to carry a heavy special tool to make this cot work ,  its too heavy .
it honestly tastes like you re swallowing a vitamin pill .
and that shortly fades once whats left in the battery wears out .
limited usability ,  it s a pain to install factors make this a waste of any amount of money .
i ve tried all four ear buds ,  and they are all extremely uncomfortable .
in other words ,  it is cheap and looks it .
spend the extra money and purchase the kitchenaid .
so i am still using primarily my chef s knife for most slicing jobs .
i cannot fathom how anyone would buy this kit at the price listed .
this popcorn popper is supposed to cook num_num cups .
i m going to try it ,  but if it doesn t work ,  i ll be returning it .
luckily for me ,  i was just given a sample to try it .
i was looking for something that i felt would be better protecting my equipment .
i never usually give bad reviews .  .  . but i ordered this shield to protect my new phone screen .
because it is not directly in the middle of the unit ,  the weight is not properly balanced .
so i wash it by hand with a plastic scrubbie .
i am wondering if one of the more expensive sound emitting devices would work better .
this was purchased as a birthday present for an num_num year old .
i bought a toro power showel and i need a num_num feet power cord .
the idea is great ,  but the product is not well thought out ,  and doesn t work properly .
it looks like the real thing but it s garbage .
the sound quality is ok ,  sound level is on the low side and some noises from time to time .
other holsters on amazon that have clips are far better .
seriously ,  still don t know why so many good reviews !  .
this was my second order of the exact same product .
i even used pliers to tighten it ,  still don t hold the flash good .
it may work for some if hearing is incredibly bad .  .  .  .  . not for me .
if you got a set of num_num for that price it would be ok .
rotate the ring a couple millimeters away  accidentally  and there is no more polarizing .
another had just slid out of the handle and needed to be glued back in .
there isn t as much stretch or  give  in the cups as i expected .
with the original num_extend you could go num_num plus feet from your phone .
poor quality cloth ,  feels like there is some kind of coating embedded in the microfiber .
it did not do what i was hoping for .
the plug does not fit tight in my iphone num_extend and the connection keeps going off .
no other knife i have ever seen has this lock .
it even comes with a hole plug if you decide to take the clip off .
no matter the features ,  if i can t hear my calls ,  it is pointless .
i could see the cast iron was not seasoned ,  which means i d have to season it myself .
it s flimsy ,  clunky to use ,  doesn t line up well and very time consuming .
not only is the sound incredibly low and muffled ,  but even the quality of the pieces is really poor .
essentially the earbuds are one piece ,  then you put on another hunk of wiring with the microphone .
i m sure it is a good product ,  but it just didn t work for me .
it had a bit of a bite that i didn t care for either .
but so what ?  it s supposed to do that .
it works okay ,  but i notice that it seems to get confused when multiple devices are within range .
i bought this used for $ so no worries .
i don t think i would buy it again ,  though .
i have used tripp lite cables and i have never had an issue .
i kind of wish i could return it since it s pretty expensive .
if you work hard for your money ,  do not waste it on this horrible product .
i took it in ,  and they shipped it back to me num_num weeks later .
there must be something better ,  but what ?  i did not want to buy an expensive electric scaler .
this item is garbage at best !  !  my num_extend has a better battery life then this waste of material .
so ,  i bought these some time ago ,  but waited a long time to use them .
i use the rest of the soap as hand soap .
i returned it ,  but even if it arrived in new condition ,  it is wobbly ,  flimsy and a cut hazard .
last year ,  i planted green beans in a garden .
the mini uses two aaa batteries and has a num_num count cartridge .
i don t buy them anymore because they re more expensive than most other brands but not any better .
at such a high price ,  it s very disappointing .
i have only tried to use it once .
chicago cutlery steak knives are not the best .
i then set up the coffeemaker to brew coffee for me in the morning .
stuff is cheap and seems not to last very long .
at least one bristle comes off the brush into my mouth every time i brush with this toothbrush .
seems like its for when you double a recipe .
when i first bought this charger it was charging my phone with no problem .
it quit working after about a week so i returned it for a replacement .
spend a little more money for something else .
the headset wouldn t fit in my ear and stay .
it doesnt work for syncing or chargeing for my computer to my phone .
looks like i am going to buy my old one again .
i was really frustrated !  !  not a recommended buy .
i broke open a box and took out the pieces .
i ve owned this toaster for just over num_num months ,  and while it was fully functional ,  it wasn t half bad .
it worked for a week ,  then the num_extend plug stopped working .
they looked cool in the picture but didnt  like them once i got them and put them on .
thank heaven there was no shipping charges for this .
i currently own an eton num_extend an eton num_extend and a grundig num_extend
this case will not protect your phone from falls if it drops facing down .
although they say they re num_num inch diameter ,  they re a little bit bigger .
i was surprised at how flimsy it was .
if you compare water quality one tastes like bottled water quality ,  the other tastes very much like tap .
i washed it out after the allotted time .
the shipping was lighting quick . it was not the sellers fault . thankswayne .
either the holster breaks or wears out and then the phone becomes loose after awhile a falls out .
i m not thrilled with the flavor of this product .
the cookie itself is crisp and a pretty good size but the overall taste is bland to me .
the iphone is flat ,  this cover is curvy .
not happy with the quality of this product .
but if its in your pocket and its off and you dont know it .
the lemon was sort of an after taste ,  which wasn t bad .
while it is easy to assemble ,  this is actually not a true repellent .
this is very frustrating . the supplied headset is junk .
i have no idea what other reviewers are saying about this cereal being bland ,  tasteless ,  thin ,  etc .
the coating so thin you can wipe it off with your fingers .
this is a snack ,  and a snack need not pack % of your daily sodium intake .
received this today and tried it in my iphone num_extend
i guess no matter what brand the saying you get what you pay for is true .
i bought num_num of these and num_num broke within weeks .
the price was so low that i didn t feel at all bad about throwing it in the garbage .
after intensive search in the internet ,  i notice that i was not alone .
you know not to pour coffee into a wine glass .
i got this because of the positive reviews but i hate it .
this seems to be dazzle s solution for every problem i ve encountered with this piece of uhm .
supposed to be a num_extend amp usb num_extend adapter .
i immediately notified amazon ,  sent it back ,  and crossing my fingers will get refunded .
the flow is limited but it is still an inconvenience .
this will hold up your iphone ,  but just barely .
if you re looking at these headphones ,  i would suggest you buy something else .
the product looked like it was damaged due to shipping so i requested a replacement .
i didn t like it very much at all ,  so got a hard plastic case which was much better .
they are definitely not a one size item .
i used it to glaze some chicken ,  and tasted it on a teaspoon as well .
the only good thing was that it was not sweet ,  but the taste was just bad .
i just don t think this clie is worth the price .
i purchased these a couple of times and only a few were really large .
this toy must be one of those  hit or miss  type things .
when turned on ,  the motor makes a very annoying screechy sounding humm .
ours turned out to have a defective lid .
it is expensive ,  and not worth the money at all .
but i m looking for a new one that doesn t have paint on it .
the price was right but the photo is misleading .
this was my first maxpedition purchase ,  and most likely my last .
it was clearly stated what size it was in headline description .
they cause irritation on the wrist with the slightest pressure such as placing the hand on a table .
the whole machine just seem very rickity ,  like you must be very carefull with it .
i really wish this were as awesome as it looks ,  but it just isn t .
it reads the toaster has num_extend inch wide toasting slots  .
if this were unflavored coffee i would rate it higher because that s what it tastes like .
i need to do a better job reading reviews .
doesnt cover front screen which makes case worthless .
i had to unplug it for awhile ,  then reprogram .
they are made of a styrene plastic that can take some abuse .
i should have done the research before purchasing .
in this case you don t get what you pay for .
i ordered this as a replacement for an existing carafe that became cracked .
which is a problem when you re using a cafetiere that requires a decent amount of ground coffee .
i used this popper exactly num_num times before the side of it cracked .
the one i got from qpservices was either refurbished or defective .
any more you just do not see good scores for cheap made items from china .
even though they are quite large and heavy ,  they are easily lost .
is what i felt after drinking this stuff .
not worth the hassle of shutting down my phone and changing the battery every hour .
the sound from this headset s microphone is nowhere near as good .
first ,  i found the sound level to be too low .
poor quality ,  does a fairly good job of protecting the phone but hard to remove the case for charging .
i used this product on a philips dvd recorder .
it does not come with the extended bw  thick  battery as described .
too bad ,  because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop .
i had to buy from a different vendor and had to pay much more .
i ended up giving up on it and just using my phone too charge the extra batteries .
i didnt bother sending this back because it was inexpensive .
you would think i d be able to figure out this contraption .
not sure if the batteries are just bad or the charger is bad .
it s rough and just invites splinters on tiny hands .
on number num_num this will happen with the touch screen and the direct navigation num_extend
i just can t believe that these other people have given good reviews and i have to wonder why .
it looks like the right charger ,  there s power coming through it ,  but it doesn t charge the phone .
also it s a light orange ,  so it s not quite bright silver but it definitely doesn t math my auburn hair .
also notice in the picture the battery has num_extend  wich is original manufacturer  ,  yet the one shipped is num_extend
the motor has not burned out and the documentation for it says it has thermal shutdown features .
it is longer than the regular toaster ,  but looks the same .
then ,  about num_num weeks later it just stopped working .
it just didn t fit like it was suppose to .
for the price they are asking on these ,  definitely get something else .
it s difficult to fairly evaluate when the product arrives in bad condition .
it was slow ,  not super effective ,  and a bit gross to clean .
also ,  it is very large  but ,  i don t see how they could design away the size  .
i tried oily beans and i tried dry ,  lightly roasted beans .
i purchased through amazon directly not a different distributor  .
i tried them on several times with different looks but couldn t find a reason to like them .
had it for a few years ,  but used only a handful of times ,  so it can t be worn out .
not bad at all . the problem is the taste .
i am not satisfied with the quality of this product ,  and i will not recommend this product to others . kk .
for an ipad to be charged efficiently without having to turn it off ,  it requires a num_extend usb plug .
it doesnt fit right on my ear and the mic doesnt recognize my voice a lot .
it s fully charged ,  but won t charge the iphone .
i only had it for num_num months and this is what i encountered .
a lot of vinegar but far less than franks .
i boiled water and let a bag steep in the pot for a while as i don t like drip .
that way if the mount breaks ,  you will not lose your camera .
the up and down volume settings are either too loud or too quiet .
every single other part of this thing is black plastic .
i have had rice cookers from panasonic ,  national ,  zojirushi ,  tiger which never had this problem .
yes ,  not as pleasant as a remote ,  but a controller has more uses with a num_extend obvioulsy .
i take a size num_extend or num_num euro ,  so i got num_extend
notably ,  it doesn t work % of the time .
i was looking for something to cover a coaxial cable and a couple of pairs of speaker wires .
these have a sloppy feel unless i lace them tightly .
cheap . bottom line : too much hassle over a simple device .
that s ok ,  if ,  like me ,  you use music match .
and secondly ,  at the average setting ,  you can take num_num pictures with the included memory card .
i have the num_extend version of this card .
it s a cheap auto pump equipped with a cheap ,  dim safety light .
if i darken the room then most of the light is blocked out .
another thing i noticed is that they are not packed with flavor .
i would still be using it ,  however the switch is getting weak .
i just can t get the hang of cooking with it .
the crayons it makes are not normal sized crayons they are a lot smaller .
this isn t a terrible tuner ,  and for how cheap it was ,  it wasn t a  ripoff  .
also ,  i think fruit flavors would probably still taste ok at room temperature but the tea flavor didn t .
needless to say you get what you pay for .
again ,  when a product attracts so many bad reviews ,  you have to wonder .
for just a few months of use these are not worth the money .
amazon as always took the pan back and refunded me accordingly .
my num_num year old daughter has the same issue .
it seems like this product is a problematic one as its motor burns out so fast .
i did not realize the size of them when i ordered them .
the wheel was the only part that didn t break .
apparently lasko does make a bad product sometimes . if you want a quiet fan ,  this isn t it .
so what ? i cannot tell you how much it hurts me to write such a poor review .
also ,  the padding is bulky and is twisting and it fits oddly .
the case has a plastic window over the gps display .
be careful with this product it is not for everyone !  .
at num_num bucks ,  their is no excuse for this poor quality .
however after a short time mine stopped connecting to my phone and his stopped working altogether .
when the coffee in the filter didn t empty into the carafe and overflowed .
set up wasn t too difficult   dish network   just a bit time consuming .
also earbuds are not that comfortable when you sweat .
the body is made of plastic with a silver coating which wears off and looks shoddy .
it doesn t seem to be the same stuff .
do not waste your money if you are cutting anything more substantial than bread !  .
i m glad it has worked for others ,  but it didn t do so well with me .
i ve tried any number of different ways to put the lid on to get this thing in place .
turns out that it tastes just like apple juice .
it is very cheaply made and it broke almost immediately .
the camera itself may seem cute but the images are very low res .
i don t use it ,  but it s okay since i paid loess than $
tried it with different cords but it was the adapter itself that didn t work .
by a box of disposable nitrile gloves and use them .
this product worked very spottily from the beginning .
i bought this after reading so many glowing reviews ,  but i was very disappointed in the product .
also it was huge .  .  . definitely not true to size .
but then my skin began to break out like crazy .
mediocre sound with too much high frequency response imho .
quite frankly ,  its mediocre at best . ok ,  it does have its good points .
the yogurt coating has kind of an artificial sweetener taste to it .
after about num_num on the num_extend it is done .
it did not have to be near silent or anything .  .  . just somewhat quiet ! it is not even somewhat quiet .
i ve worn through several pairs ,  so when it was time to replenish ,  i ordered these .
what i received was the headset in a zip lock bag .
it is thin ,  these were huge for my thin hair .
it s a thin straight piece of plastic with a small hook on the end .
anyway the product doesn t really taste like latte or coffee at all .
there are better ones out there and for less money too .
when i rinsed under the water it indeed felt slimy and gross coming out of my hair . now .
i bought this after reading the positive reviews ,  but it didn t do much for my skin .
i was looking for new gloves made of fabric with minimal loss of dexterity .
i bought that after getting the low ,  low price from amazon months in advance .
num_num months after the buying the knife ,  and barely using it ,  it is already showing major use .
as the old saying goes ,   you get what you pay for .   .
my water taste still a little bad after filtering .
i was hoping this product would be good for travel or even keeping in my office for quick styling .
i don t understand why so many positive reviews on this product .
i wanted to make sure it was applied correctly .
not sure what happened when i received this battery .
you can get disney store set here on amazonfor num_num and it is still only num_num bucks a pop .
when i received this it was broken in very small pieces .
it gets num_num stars for having lasted so long .
if i could give it num_num starts i would .
even the size is way too big for size num_num and some strange cooton ,  it is more like polyester .
i consider myself an audiophile ,  but did not want expensive headphones for this purpose .
i didn t buy this from amazon . com ,  but i bought it from a different store .
bigger disappointment was how slick the new one is .
same goes for rice milk . i d stick with soy milk if you don t have an intolerance to soy .
i could have bought a quartz and the battery would have outlasted this thing .
i can get it to fit in my ear ,  but the fit of the earbuds is very poor .
they have embedded some kind of plasticizer in the pan .
it ll work in a pinch but not something i would buy .
it is sheek looking ,  but the handle broke on the first try .
i have not seen a difference on me either .
it is a very tight fit in the epic ,  just doesn t work .
i will have to look for a charger with a faster recharge rate  amps ?   .
i had to reset my phone and i really don t trust the ezo battery now .
you can use the webcam to broadcast video over messenger services such as msn messenger ,  icq ,  yahoo ,  etc .
the photo shown to advertise it looks like the sweater is pretty thick or at least medium .
the charger appeared new when i received it  no scratches ,  signs of wear ,  etc  .
it just looks like a plain case unless you look very closely .
need to make clear what it is you are buying .
it makes the product twice as expensive as their webpage implies .
save your money and invest in a nicer brand ,  .
it s just overall not an ergonomically designed item .
therefore ,  the problem was with the plantronics earbuds . overall ,  i would not recommend the plantronics backbeat go wireless earbuds .
that isn t even the biggest problem with it .
i don t want to use a speaker while on my cell phone .
on the plus side ,  every time it fell off my phone was still in the holder .
i ve bought num_num of these and had issues with both .
i bought it but not able to use it .
so i do not use because of fear of breaking the case or my phone because of the snaps .
i truly don t understand the reviews ?  ?  this stuff is terrible !  !  also ,  it smells gross .
so i changed the batteries but no go .
i think the quality of the knife is not as good as i am used to with wusthof .
lenses are big and arms are not long enough; so ,  glasses fit very tight around the ears .
to start with ,  num_num out of the num_num push buttons have intermittent faults while pressing down continuously .
i think its waste of money to buy a charger that only last num_extend
i finally opened this extension cord up and tried to use it .
if you are already using num_extend with no problems ,  you will be ok .  .  . but this computer is very slow .
the alkaline aa batteries that came with it weren t producing any spray ,  so i replaced  em with rechargeables .
i still used it but i had to take it off to take pictures bc it covered the camera .
the previous one i bought from radio shack was better .
basically ,  it has little to no shape and comfort . not impressed for my use .
i wanted to love this phone but having a screen that clicks just was not a good design .
i think it was made well but for me it just didn t work .
this updates my  first look  review of this product ,  which was probably unduly harsh .
but the batteries are so expensive ,  sometimes it pays to just buy new .
these batteries wear out num_num time quicker than the duracell s i purchased .
if you want to buy del monte sauce online with fast shipping try amazon s grocery site  soap  dot com .
when i called verizon i was told that it was activated to another customer .
i see that others have had positive experiences with this product but i have not .
if you see one cheap at a yard sale ,  buy it .
bought this about num_num years ago from another site  much more expensive  .
it is thin and flimsy at best ,  and then i discovered that ,  no surprise here ,  it s made in china .
i specifically purchased this item for my daughters because it was supposed to taste good .
if you could get it for under num_num bucks go for it and kill some time .
i used them mainly to listen to music and audiobooks ,  and to take an occasional phone call .
i was all excited after reading the reviews .
not when you buy it and try it yourself .
i kept it and have had it for about a year ,  but it is virtually unused .
there s nothing wrong with the filter to create the sound .
this is not the same as the stuff i bought from the store .
the body of the unit is really cheap and flimsy and smells of very strong plastic .
not sure how this got so many num_num and num_num star reviews .
for the price there are much better perfumes .
i mean the suction doesn t suck very well .
i m a little rough with my phone and need a case that isn t going anyhwere .
it s hard to use ,  hard to reach points on your body .
after i used this unit twice i returned it for a refund .
the last shipment that amazon sent to me was with the product past it s best before date .
i give this item num_num stars only for the stickers and a few other included items .
i own all three new systems plus num_num older systems and i work for software etc .
not to mention the price num_num bucks for num_num lbs delivered .
i thought because it was an otterbox that it wouldn t break ,  but sure enough it did .
i read the reviews and was swayed by the overly positive ones .
i m going to replace it with a wireless mouse .
disappointed !  i thought the reviews could be trusted but i m not sure what i m missing here !  .
if i could ,  i d return this thing for a full refund .
occasionally over the years i have tried to find this product and couldn t .
bought this to replace my old one ,  it is too bulky to be comfortable .
they didn t fit my phone although my phone was listed under the styles they would fit .
and with only half ,  this bag was about % bigger than my fully stuffed toiletry bag .
i bought num_num of these for charging my android phones .
if i could give the product a num_num out of num_num stars i would .
i still use the cord for the computer and with onther plugs so i know it not that .
obviously this one needs a little more fine tuning .
save your money and buy an additional stock battery .
first of all it s only a meal for folks who tend to eat smallish meals .
this body wash is very watery and doesn t last too long .
i would say that price was ok $ for the product .
i know what satsuma products are supposed to smell like .
i m not sure it is even the same product .
the cord is very short so i had to use an extension .
i ve purchased several dog toys on amazon and never had a problem .
i honestly don t know how this is so well reviewed .
i thought this  blender  would be ideal for mixing ,  but it is a complete disappointment .
excellent price for a case ,  horrible design however .
i ended up using gorilla glue to put it back on .
i did not have problems with the whistle nor did i have problems with rusting .
silicone is neither ,  and besides ,  i simply prefer the touch and feel of other toys .
it worked for another few weeks until it just stopped responding to pushing the buttons .
with a legendary name like gevalia ,  i was disappointed to find that the coffee contains artificial flavors .
i m stubborn ,  having had an old model num_num that lasted for num_num years flawlessly .
i couldn t believe they charged me over $ for it .
i returned these to amazon without any hassle .
i don t like headphones that are positioned so they only comfortably fit in one ear .
at least two sizes too large ,  maybe more .
i have tried sharpening ,  but that didn t work .
the first one that i d gotten a year ago started leaking at the bottom seam .
skip it ,  and buy a real grinder like a krups .
they were not matte finish but more of a glossy one .
for $ i expect the darn thing to be useable .
no matter how hard you try ,  coffee grinds seep through into the carafe % of the time .
if you look at the pictures the buttons on the front they look like volume controls but there not .
it might look pretty but title is misleading .
seems to work well for a short while but inevitably will fail way before the warranty is up .
after just num_num wear and wash ,  u see the material being rub out .
its hard to get on my phone ,  it doesnt glow in the dark as advertised .
however ,  it definetly does not work as the product or other people claim .
put shower cap on ,  leave in for num_extend hours ,  then rinse shampoo and condition as usual .
next time i ll spend more money on a higher quality espresso machine .
graphics on the supernes were better than this .
updated :  the otterbox defender is to thick for this charger .
i ve used a number of bluetooth headsets and this is among the worst .
i m going to look at other yogi teas and check on the ingredients closely .
i simply can not understand the positive reviews for this product .
i am not too fond of this stuff and will not buy it again .
it was way shorter than an original usb cord from samsung device .
also my phone got a scratch through the screen protector anyways which seems kind of pointless .
i get all sorts of spots out with it and no need for oxygen .
wish i would have bought a better item .
however ,  i don t think i would pay more than $ for this if i were purchasing it myself .
the gloves cover the back of my hand ,  but the part of the glove that gets warm does not .
i expected more than i received ,  so evidently price is a primary factor when ordering flatware .
huge wheel and the handles were as long as two of these put together .
it s my own fault for not looking at the specifications .
i ordered it from the cover store  model num_extend
i finally went back to my old wireless mouse .
when i saw that this item was made in china i should ve immediately sent this junk back .
like many many other reviews have said ,  this is simply not durable .
the eureka num_num is brought in for repair more then any other vacuum cleaner .
oh yes ,  and its already assembled !  !  ! but this toy costs a pretty penny when half of it doesn t work properly .
the screen is not as dark as a privacy screen should be neither .
my biggest problem with the bluetooth headsets is they are not loud enough .
i would change the battery to no avail and then suddenly it would start up again .
in addition ,  the earbud does not fit my ear ,  none of the tips do .
the handles aren t long enough to keep it from hiitting your heels .
i wanted to like this product so badly because i ve always read and heard great things about infusium num_extend
i gave this to my num_num year old grandson on his birthday .
i didn t expect much for the price ,  but i expected more than i got .
bright enough to identify image but not large enough to judge quality .
so i did a search on amazon for usb headphones and these came up .
i ended up cutting a little too much off as the grip slip down during the process .
pay a few more bucks and get something that isn t a waste of cash .
it is clearly too small to adequately protect your iphone .
otherwise you risk buying fake ,  old ,  or tampered product .
i went to use this on my computer just to charge my phone and it want register it .
item was scratched and broken when it arrived .
still searching for a bluetooth solution that works or is at least not too frustrating to use .
i plugged into my charger  ,  but it s not charging at all .
i have hard time to make this product to work for me .
i usually drink a big mug with num_num packets ,  so i ll probably use one packet and some of this .
i will be contacting amazon about a refund .
this is a very poorly designed coffeemaker which i did not expect from cuisinart .
i wanted to like this mac and cheese replacement .
i would recommend getting a bag less wireless vacuum if you are considering .
i have been using it for num_num months now as an addition .
i bought two sets of these num_extend oz and num_num oz  in july .
it s not bad tasting ,  it just doesn t have much flavor at all .
when i disconnect this and reconnect my old linksys ,  i don t have this problem .
i find the item not a satisfactory product for me .
i bought num_num of these ,  and both of them broke in the first few months .
disappointed at the size of this item ,  it s quite bulky to carry around .
it s tastier and cheaper . i used it ,  and occasionally noticed some caffeine headaches and dry mouth .
i paid only $ when it was on sale .
the item is not damaged it just will not take a charge .
it was not the worst thing i ever ate but not all that good either .
i bought this grinder as a replacement for my michael graves grinder which quit after num_num years .
to me  :  it was like drinking water .
woohoo !  the smell is not offensive to human noses .
i ve tried four different batteries for my samsung galaxy num_extend so far .
my results did not turn out as awesome as people claimed .
it worked then until i tried to use it again .
this was my first time making a purchase through this seller .
nice extendable cord . it charges iphone num_num and num_extend correctly but the usb port doesn t work .
i can t even describe what this tasted like .
i was excited to get this seal conditioner .
i bought one of them a few months ago ,  it lasted a good month maybe ,  but then it broke .
so now i have a $ paper weight .
the texture of the brownies and the ease of prep is terrific but this particular flavor is awful .
pretty disappointed but with the price ,  at least it is not a huge loss .
that worked much better for about a week ,  then the whole unit died .
also ,  the lids for the new ones are extremely stiff and very difficult to get on to the containers .
the devices sometimes drops the bluetooth connection while in a conversation then reconnects and leaves the audio in limbo .
i only paid num_num cents for it ,  so no big loss .
i have a pc running windows me and an imac running osx .
i ll try to get my money back from buy . com .
the brush would probably be fine if used soley for cleanup and the dotting tool side .
i got one of these around num_num months ago and now it is not working .
changed my star rating from num_num stars to num_num star .
i was hoping this would be fun for my num_num and num_num year old .
the wood handle feels cheap and mine came with a metal tip ,  not black like in the picture .
these phones were comfortable to wear ,  and that s about the only good thing i can say about them .
not better than other products out there ,  but not worse .
i ve used this before but it had been a while .
as the day progresses it gets a dry feel and look even though the gloss was repeatedly applied .
actually ,  unless you have money to burn ,  i d buy one of the more serious versions .
if you only hand wash it they might last longer ,  but not much .
now the back cover barely stays on which means the phone turns off all the time .
i d have done better to buy them a used one like my old one .
the sound isn t very loud ,  so it s not one of those annoying toys ,  but really you can t hear it .
i was soooo excited to get this case .
the other that i have worn was the num_num and the num_extend
its not a negative aspect to this product .
not even close to what it should have been !  .
i ended up returning this item because i was so disappointed .
the picture doesn t show how clunky and cheap it is .
this shouldn t be such a hard thing to do with technology of today !  .
however ,  i did expect it to work once i activated it .
it didn t work for me but it might work for you .
i won t buy them again and i ve been using these  before you changed them  for over num_num years .
it would have been a good buy if it worked ,  but no such luck .
then i ve washed the shirt in the forever new liquid ovacion ,  which i also keep under my bathroom sink .
the only difference between this and the regular is the size of the scoop .
recieved a jabra num_extend corded headset package when odering from hiloplace .
it takes too much space and is not easy to clean .
this product does cover ok but don t buy it if you have sensitive skin .
i ve had this product for something over a year ,  and over that time the cutting wire has stretched badly .
the same is happening with the num_extend so put your money there  .
there s extra hose support where it attaches to the wand ,  but not at the base .
for something this pricey i would imagine maybe a steel or metal body instead of some cheap plastic .
assuming such a thing exists for the lumia num_extend
in theory this should ve worked out well but it didn t .
they maybe take a couple db off the road noise ,  barely taking the edge off .
maybe ,  this model is much better ,  but i don t think so .
i ve been using this product for over a week .
like i said it s too expensive for what you re getting ,  worth $ at best .
feels cheap and light and once you put it on the phone it s not coming off .
it was definitely the hardware . i m not entirely condemning the anker battery .
i wanted to like this ,  i really did ,  but the product is just not what it should be .
pairs with the first phone easily  though problems pairing num_extend phone listed as noted num_extend
they do not stretch too which is why you buy them .
kickstand does not pull out easy and pops out completely .
yet ,  this pack was purchased specifically recharging an iphone when traveling .
if it s not a true apple product forget it !  .
and you may not be the only one who uses the headphone .
maybe i got a crappy one but didnt like the fact i had to reorder .
the plastic used on the cord and ends feels very rubbery .
i ve eaten things like that before ,  and they were fine .   well ,  it isn t .
i can t tell what s so weird about this ,  but i can tell i don t like it .
i think i was more excited to get this toy than that cat was .
if this was a wired headphone i would give it num_num or maybe num_num stars .
and ,  this is advertised as holding num_num cups .
if you have this cable ,  cut off the ends and put your own on .
would definitely not buy this again even though it is very inexpensive .
so this is useless to me . i m not sure why i m even giving it num_num stars .
i ordered this item but received the one piece num_extend instead .
when i received that case ,  i thought it would look similar to what was being advertised .
the second charger also only lasted a week .
my num_extend walmart binoculors were better than this expensive piece of equipment .
i tried the matte bronze and it wasn t matte it had shimmer and a very heavy feel to it .
portable headphones need to be sturdy ,  and these are not .
they re comfy but they re not at all as pictured unless photo is of a toddler .
don t always assume you get a better deal at amazon is all i m saying .
this product is not what i thought it would look .
it only took a few months to break ,  too .
i had to try this after reading its description .
the material is very heavy and bulky ,  and rough ,  as if they are to be used in construction .
you can put about num_num items in and that is it .
when you use the touch screen it isnt smooth like it has resistance and very annoying .
it is almost impossible to clean the blades .
it just doesn t hold much . read the dimensions carefully .
it took about num_num weeks to be delivered .
save up or look around for a used model .
i want to feed my dogs treats that are good for them ,  not little sugar garbage blobs .
i guess if you had to drink coffee and were really worried about the acid then this would work .
although the price was low still not worth it .
when i got it ,  it seemed as if it had already been opened .
the item is thin ,  and covers maybe an inch of your neck .  .  .  . if you can get it around your neck .
when it arrived to my house ,  i took it out of the package and was disappointed .
i bought this thinking they would be close to the price at pets smart and they were not .
just now used it to froth cream for my coffee and it fell apart again .
the product does not have any worthwhile features .
the sound would be described as inferior ,  no bass ,  no treble ,  all mids .
comparing this to my iphones headphone s sound these headphones are pretty bad .
i just could not see the screen as clear as i thought with this item blurry !  !  !  .
this is too heavy and large for the chest .
it is just an average quality ,  average performing knife .
i am back to using my num_num year old radio .
the kettle has always been very loud when operating .
finally the next day i plugged it in again and it came on .
as much as i wanted a longer cord ,  this isn t it .
the quality of sound is lacking in warmth and bass tones ,  ending up with a tinny output .
in my opinion these blades might be better suited for windshields that are designed with very little curvature .
which can be hard since this one didn t have a ton of user reviews right away .
as other reviewers have stated the feature is simply not there ,  my stock samsung battery supports nfc just fine .
i basically stopped using it and switched to plastic bags .
i ve certainly never needed wide width shoes ,  but certain styles just don t fit comfortably on my feet .
don t waste your money; spent little extra and buy a better set .
definitely a rip off to buy at full price .
after installing and powering on i get a message that the battery is unsupported .
the noise also is a little disturbing to the ears .
go for a cassette adapter or some other wired option .
the handles are too long for personal use .
it s just too thick and bulky to be a trimmer .
most times only charge to about % and doesn t hold a charge for long either .
i just don t get the rave reviews this is getting .
must be on full bright and no objects with in a foot of the screen .
as much as i shop on amazon ,  this is disappointing .
i wasn t plugging and unplugging it; it simply sat in my car s socket  .
i ll use it on other spots just to test it ,  but so far ,  not impressed .
little pieces of that plastic began to break off after a week or so of use ,  leaving sharp edges .
i would play with the volume turned down .
i thought maybe i somehow had a bad cup ,  so i tried a different tea bag .
the front cover is not big enough for the front of the phone .
i have small hands and this was too big .
in theory this seems like a great idea but it doesn t work .
it was like it literally changed the texture .
what you re getting is more like num_num inch pots .
the first carpet cleaner i purchased several years ago was a bissel .
i ended up paying about $ for a single protector that advertised easy installation and no bubbles .
it has a permanent filter  one that doesn t need replacing that does not filter properly .
after running it over hardwood ,  i picked it up and all this dirt fell out on my carpet .
and i didn t find that the overall look was all that impressive .
when purchasing the game i heard all the decent to horrible reviewes it received ,  but i still purchased it .
i used this for about num_num months ,  twice a day .
i only get to use only for two weeks .
i should have waited to read some of the reviews first .
i got a num_extend  unless it was a num_extend back in num_extend
it s not really very stretchy at all ,  in my opinion .
it s too bad because it looks very nice .
it s just like the hair dryer i use on myself .
i m using it for shoulder pain due to sleep tension and other pain issues .
and it seem as if the clear back didn t protect the phone as much as you would think .
sometimes it works fine ,  then randomly stops working all together .
sound quality is lacking ,  but it s not intended for music .
i would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn t worth the hassle .
good thing this was only a couple of $
i tried fixing it but now my phone gets stuck .
for example ,  a digital camera ,  num_extend player ,  external hard drive ,  cell phone ,  printer ,  scanner ,  etc .
when the bottom peels it traps debris under it .
it may be due to my car set up .
i m glad it came free with my phone ,  because if i d payed for this .
i tried this product ,  and i let it stay in for almost an hour .
i can t believe they charge money for this thing .
i was looking for a larger catch all bag and this did not meet my expectations on many num_extend
they are probably fine for baking; but were not what i was looking for .
however ,  i am not impressed with everything being made of plastic .
yes ,  the stainless steel is good ,  it performs well ,  but the pan is awful to use .
then the toy came in the mail from amazon .
oh well . pros :  small size ,  and it s really cheap .
i don t remember the last toy i payed good money for that broke that quickly .
it was just hot steam but not hot enough to kill germs .
the coffee advertises as low acid ,  but after two cups ,  i was feeling the acid .
i was hoping that i could get the high quality ones through amazon ,  but not so .
the thing came in plain no brand packaging .
very flimsy and rubbery feeling ,  way too soft of a rubber and it comes on and off very easy .
manufacturer describes it as virtually indestructible ,  but i m sure it would dent if dropped on the floor .
and ,  since this less durable one costs almost twice as much ,  i wouldn t buy this one again .
i have tried to use them about num_num times ,  since i bought a num_num pack .
personally i am not a big fan of this product .
i am not sure why this got so many good reviews .
had to rewash an hour later due to the strong odor .
it s out of date !  there are a lot of newer models out that would be better suited .
wished i had spent the money on a better ,  traditional stovetop popper .
i should ve listened to the other reviews that said the same thing .
as soon as i got the item ,  i immediately returned it for a refund .
and its too small for the size of it anyway ,  max :  num_num big eggs or num_num small eggs .
amazon has graciously told me to send it back  they re paying the postage  .
at first ,  it lasted about two days before i had to charge it .
its not different then the battery that comes with the phone ,  .
it does shut off after the coffee is brewed ,  and it rapidly gets cold .
i feel that my phone is going to shatter if i drop it .
it does seem to slightly retard the rate at which the battery would otherwise drain ,  though .
nice pan but its so small that its useless for anything but to throw some veggies in .
unfortunately ,  this knife does not live up to that reputation for me .
it s not soft ,  like i thought it would be ,  but not hard either .
i feel like i should be getting more for the price that i am paying .
my old num_extend has the version on the outside of the box ,  but this one did not .
i m not a heavy phone user nor am i hard on equipment .
so its only good for a few time .
you can get a better liquid eyeliner so don t waste your money on this one even though it s cheap .
my most recent purchase of this one was a failure .
i never had a problem with my previous charger that broke after num_num years .
i thought this was going to be great ,  my puppy is even on the container .
i searched for  molle flashlight holder  and this is what popped up .
i ll also reconsider when it comes time to upgrade whether to buy another motorola product .
then  if you re lucky  ,  once the app connects to the headset ,  you can change the settings .
once again ,  i should have read all of the reviews before purchasing this product .
spend the money and buy a better quality charger .
it s not even worth the cheap price amazon is asking in my opinion .
what else can you say about rechargeables ?  either they last long or they don t .
save your money and spend $ and get a higher quality product .
the price was right but the product fails to hold up .
i now had to purchase a new pair ,  but this ones are not at all as mine were .
as its price would suggest this is not worth while for anyone .
its really cheap ,  hence the price but when i plugged it into my nexus num_extend it would not register .
i have no faith in food products that are handled in china and i m disgusted with wildside .
not a single crack or anything ,  but thankfully this phone is now discontinued .
i was surpised when i saw that these are not metal .
they don t stick well and no matter how you do it ,  they get bubbles .
this item arrived in a plastic sandwich bag .
but the mixer started struggling at the end of each mixing ,  vibrations ,  etc .
this holster did not last a couple weeks .
lo and behold ,  i get a battery from september num_num that holds a full charge for about num_num hours .
no more of this stuff . we re vegetarian ,  and we buy amy s stuff at every single grocery shopping trip .
i even tried this with another num_extend gen ipod nano ,  and same result .
this product was not very expensive and appears that way .
the last time i was out ,  i decided to check amazon and ended up buying this .
the colors are not individually packaged and labeled ,  unlike the photo .
i wound up buying a new car stereo  it was time anyway  because of the interference from this device .
my phone has quickly gone back to not holding much of a charge .
if you re looking for a product that does both ?  this isn t it .
thought i was saving myself some money and time by getting this ,  but i ended up returning it .
i think i ll just get something bigger and more expensive and leave it in the car over night .
instead of the buffer ,  i used a % cotton terrycloth and some good ol  elbow grease .
i returned it after num_num week . i do not recommend this headset .
for talking ,  i have to use the jawbone .
i don t think this case offers much protection  i . e .
for me ,  as i have said ,  it was a long term thing .
for example ,  i want to pair it with the phone but end up turning it off instead .
nice wood handle  not icky plastic  ,  lodge stamped across the top ,  not too abrasive .
after reading everyone s reviews ,  i kind of feel bad that we did not have the same results .
dropped the phone and it cracked just like it did when i didn t have a case on the phone .
i needed a dual car charger for my iphone num_num plus my jawbone headset .
the only thing it does is make the phone bulkier and a little bit less slippery .
i don t think i ll be using this again .
this is battery pack and there is nothing unique about it to counterfeit .
i m sure it might work well for some ,  but unfortunately not me .
maybe it won t spill but what about the soap on the wands getting all over the floor .
too small even though the description stated that it was for this certain phone .
it s also very ,  very short . basically ,  if you need some kind of remote ,  use a remote .
my vacuum and previous cleaner have longer cords than this one .
can barely hear out of it and it doesn t fit phone needs adapter for my iphone num_extend
the problem is the freshness of the roasted beans .
the camera itself and the features are fairly decent ,  but the contruction is abysmal .
all i need is to fully charge a num_extend backup battery once a day .
the battery life on this thing is pathetic .
i wish i had read the other review before i bought this item .
this one did not work for me ,  but that doesn t mean it will not work for you .
i was looking forward to buying and using this product .
was hoping to have better product ,  but this thin plastic is not gonna last long .
yet the worst aspect of this coffee was the kind of artificial flavor aftertaste .
the mophie is an ok ,  not good ,  product but the failure point is the power plug .
they then opted to provide me a full refund without me demanding it .
i bought some num_extend cameras and they had serious interference .
this charger had a very low price ,  but is also very low quality .
the ambient room temperature doesn t usually drop below num_num degrees .
you don t even get a full day of use and i don t use my phone constantly like some people .
i don t have one of those ,  but i do have a silicon mat in my microwave .
it didnt come with the additional ear hooks which i really needed .
i purchased it in black for my son ,  but it won t charge .
i can honestly say that i am not sure how i feel about this product yet .
the packaging seems to indicate that this should be the staple of the diet .
and i d like to sling it into the dishwasher .
the things i don t like about it are more associated w virgin mobile than w the phone .
i am a num_extend and wear size num_num clothing .
i only paid a few dollars ,  but it was more wasted money on something i ll never use .
while using the blade ,  it snapped in half on me .
also ,  the blade seems to dull after a few sessions .
i am not sure if it is the recipe or just the particular batch that i got .
now ,  there s a sharp ,  jagged piece of plastic sticking out and i ve got to replace the case .
i don t have large feet nor have i ever had this problem .
tried the xl too and it was way too big .
this item would have been nice if it worked properly .
this device did not work with my cell phone .
i had hoped for a little more out of it .
in theory it s pretty ,  but the sides are plastic ,  not metal .
but it just doesn t quite cut it for me .
maybe i would try them if i knew how to use them .
would have been great if the remote was wireless .
this is a piece of plastic with two holes ,  and an elastic band .
also ,  it started making my skin peel after a few uses in a row .
and when i contacted the manufacturer ,  i found out that all farberware cookware is now made in china .
i processed a refund  and was grateful for the amazon process  .
i guess i m going to return it ,  and order this instead ,  which appears to be the last  pure  i . e .
i have tried it over and over theses few months .
for $ it would be five star rating .
second ,  it s a bit bulkier than the first one and it s blue not black .
used the product for a week and after that the battery life sucks .
unfortunately ,  i didn t like the flavor and texture .
sadly ,  the device lets sound through on both outputs ,  reguardless of what is selected .
maybe i have thick arms for my size ,  i don t know .
the size and shape is awkward ,  and i don t care for the design .
it s way too tight; you have to use significant amount of force to get it in and out .
i gave it num_num stars because it did pair .
i have no idea if this is working or doing what it should be doing .
was expecting a better experience with this product .
i could live with the materials being extremely cheap .
i read the reviews before i bought it but i must agree it does have an odd scent .
i had one once before and gave it away to help someone .
it also has a strong smell that is very unpleasant .
no texture change ,  no change in brighness or appearance of firmness .
there is so much velcro on the front its a bit crazy ,  no case needs that much .
anyway ,  you probably won t find polarized glasses any better than these ,  at this price .
in some cases the music was so muffled sounding that it was really difficult to listen to .
the voice acting is very mediocre and the soundtrack isn t great either .
the low price and a canon name were the reason i bought this filter .
i ordered this for my num_num year old grandson .
it s like a peel ,  but not as harsh or drastic .
when it arrived ,  my first thought was that it was huge .
one reason to buy circumnaural  around the ear  headphones is to reduce environmental sound . these headphones block nothing at all .  .  .  . nothing .
i has never failed in about num_num months .
although this does work ,  it s slow and tedious .
i like toys that don t require batteries ,  which these do not need .
it seemed to work great until one day it just would not do anything .
the item arrived packaged in a cardboard box with little padding .
still ,  that doesn t remove the frustration factor from this one .
buyer beware !  ! original review :  my original num_num year old battery needed a charge every num_num to num_num hours .
i then replaced the cf card ,  and that worked for about num_num weeks .
aka it isn t a tip over proof water container .   .
there is a little metal clasp in the case that scratches the psp though .
it is not greasy and very light ,  almost too light that it leaves you looking very ,  very dry .
i was going to keep this as a backup .
it doesn t make smoothies taste better ,  unless you like thick ,  chewy cinnamon .
i used this for my num_num gallon fish tank .
update :  i had previously given this product a high rating .
this product is not well built or long lasting .
the windshield holder is ok but this thing is extremely bulky .
plastic chrome ,  dont drop it ,  it will come apart and let your phone suffer damage .
i didn t remember reading these reviews until i got home with this product .
the sound still sounds fine ,  but the swivels are in shambles .
this battery wasn t any better than the battery it was replacing .
these have no funky taste ,  or after taste ,  but i think they are quite plain .
i ve only had it on a couple of hours and the bottom is already curling off .
when i put a battery into the charger ,  it just blinks a red light without charging .
i turned the volume way down ,  that seemed to help them understand me better ,  but then i couldn t hear .
the blade is dull and i have to file several mm off to make it look normal .
i m not going to buy this stuff anymore .
i purchased num_num of these $ remotes at christmas tree shops for $
there is not much to say about this product but a simply don t buy it !  !  .
ive been using this for about num_num months and i dont really see a difference .
i spent the last year with a little melitta maker that made good coffee but died after a year .
i scratched my phone and broke the plastic case when i tried to remove it .
so far it s not even working that well .
it does not work the way it should .
in the meantime ,  i am buying it from abe s .
my fault as i accidently ordered the incorrect size and had to return it .
i immediately notified amazon i would be returning it .
as a microphone it is average or below .
recently i decided to have some ,  forgetting why i stopped eating them to begin with .
yes ,  water was going around the filter and into the pitcher .
it s okay for a quick replacement but i suggest buying a better one .
i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it ,  but i ve been disappointed .
the phone has become very laggy and even  temporary freeze  randomly .
these may say samsung but are not the quality .
i really did have high hopes for this product .
while this product is better than nothing i won t be buying any more .
it holds an edge okay but the finish and quality is just not there with this knife .
like a couple of others ,  my new one developed a crack and broke after only a couple of uses .
i m not very impressed with this product for a number of reasons .
i owned this vacuum for less than a year before i threw it out in the trash .
but whatever the cost of this item num_num year is just not acceptable .
for us with num_num cats we use one of these in a week .
i ve had mine for num_extend now ,  and never had an issue .
basically ,  i payed a lot of money for num_num rolling animals and a penguin rattle .
it is inexpensive so i didn t return the product .
usually only one set of headphones works when using this .
when i plugged it ,  the light of my phone started ,  so i thought it was gonna charge .
to clarify ,  this screen protector is not designed for the tmobile version of the samsung galaxy ii s .
i read the reviews and decided to buy this before smelling it and big mistake .
first let me start by saying that i have used zagg invisishield on my previous iphone num_extend and num_extend
this claims to be for a htc evo num_extend design phone ,  which is what i have .
it was also extremely rough on teh skin and gave me alot of cuts .
it wasn t until christmas num_num that i bought a num_extend
i have used this for a year and noticed no change in my skin .
well ,  i got what i paid for ! not a lot .
seem to be ok biners ,  i wanted them for hanging a hammock but i don t use shiny equipment .
no need for extra appliances around ,  right ?  let s start with the instructions .
it is not fat free ,  but it is extremely low fat .
it does not fit as snug as a month ago .
with this oven ,  everything takes num_num minutes or longer and the broiler is not strong enough .
very simply ,  this is a cheaply made product with very fragile plastic threads .
sometimes it may not even work !  !  i would not recommend this item .
if you want to protect your lens and not really care about sharpness ,  go ahead to get this thingy .
i m a slender person with num_num to num_num extra pounds at the moment .
the ingredients appear to be the same ,  as does the amount of product contained in the package .
they sent me a link to a battery listed here for $ each .
they used to be quality ,  but aren t anymore .
i was looking forward to this product because of all the good reviews ,  but it was disappointing .
once it was in there it didn t charge it but it charged my ipod .
like other reviews ,  i was excited with the concept .
it feels like there is space between the case and the phone .
even if you do like the product ,  that is a really short use by period .
not !  so i had them replaced ,  just to get the same thing happening .
the pod itself uses less coffee than i would in a single shot .
not the best game but not that bad .
i was a little concerned with the use of aluminum which i try to avoid for health concerns .
should have expected it though ,  for the cheap price .
causing a unsafe situation . i do not recommend this product .
i still wanted to review this product because of the problem i have with it .
but this thing is just a cheap piece of junk that needs some improving .
however ,  last year i bought another one of these  for dietary reasons i needed a separate unit  .
i was very excited to use it ,  but i don t think i ll buy it again .
good ?  no . i can t imagine where those positive reviews come from !  .
i needed something that would protect my phone .
the hard plastic parts that attach to the soft cover are not strong enough .
i paid full price for this product thinking that expense somehow equated to results .
what you actually get now is just the tools and no holder .
i read that it would make num_num num_extend oz .   cups of coffee .
this particular unit seems to be too cheap vs .
these headphones are fine for the average joe ,  but are a nightmare for the audiophile .
i usually love suave products but this purchase was a let down .
i don t know what type of rechargeable battery this company is using but it isn t durable .
this product was really awful which surprised me .
i am trying and trying to make this item to work for me .
too bad ,  because i have always liked bass .
i had this product for less than num_num months .
dont waste your money on something you dont even get to use one time without it falling apart .
i wish i had read these reviews before buying this .
you might want to check soemthing else out for your i phone .
i use it about num_num times a week .
it is really distracting ,  and it s not what i expect from a $ set of headphones .
i tried to use it again ,  and it would not work .
i though this would be a nice solution but it is not .
i purchased two of these for my iphone ,  since my current case was somewhat old .
it s been way over a month since i shipped it back at my own expense .
nothing too special ,  fit my phone but kept messing up the screen protector i had on .
i thought it was because i needed to try different headsets .
i tried cutting a vegetable and not only was it difficult but it stained the surface of the mandoline .
i replaced it with another bluetooth ,  because i couldn t take it anymore .
after that ,  i never made a buying decision without researching a bit .
i do not know if i would buy this product again or if i would recommend it .
i didn t have trouble getting this on a rod though .
also the pan doesn t cook very evenly ,  it burns easily .
i gave it the benefit of the doubt and continued using it ,  in hope that something would happen .
they re very lightweight cotton ,  and it felt like i wasn t even wearing an undershirt .
i finally freaked out after num_num minutes and washed the lotion off with soap and water .
contacted seller and she refunded my money promptly .
the metal parts of it seemed sturdy enough but the plastic parts looked and felt brittle .
so i figured with the price incentive ,  this was an ok compromise .
i ve been testing this thing for over num_num months now .
then after my last tine trimming attempt ,  he emptied it out in less than a minute .
i don t know if it will hold up to time and use .
the taste itself was alright but it is still difficult to consume .
we changed the batteries and then it didn t even do that .
but i wouldn t pay more than that for them .
i bought this case because it was a cheap knock off of otterbox .
i have been using gillette products for num_num years .
not meat for a phone that is used a lot .
it arrived ,  but it wasn t what i ordered .
i drop my phone at times and i need the case there .
i bought this based on fairly high ratings ,  but was very disappointed .
as others have pointed out ,  the packaging is also lacking ,  and my unit had a dent in it .
but after all these years ,  the handles have loosened and they may not be safe to use .
when the screen is not lighed the protector has an untidy hazy look on it .
but in my case ,  the battery issue might make me consider other alternate phones .
there are far better wireless chargers out there for the money .
wasn t a horrible purchase but not for me .
the holes in this are too small to be useful .
i read the reviews on amazon website before i bought this item for my am radio .
when controlled by the belkin ,  a blue icon appears in the app that indicates it is under bluetooth control .
i bought num_num of them for num_num the optimus vs my family owns .
i ll buy a new charger from another company .
so ,  i m not a big person and i don t have huge boobs .
very poor engineering ,  but the sound itself is not bad at all .
the booklet even says it is only num_num watts ,  and i doubt it is really even that powerful .
after all ,  it is the only thing protecting your $ device .
don t waste your money on this product . the audio is too loud .
it also leaves both the top and the bottom of the phone exposed if it isn t in the holster .
it is not nearly as bright as i had hoped .
trust me ,  buy another phone if you want to make more than num_num calls per day .
!  ! i see amazon have withdrawn it from sale ,  i wonder why  ?  ?  avoid at all costs .
this is cheap and i think it s only somewhat effective .
the flash is a problem with these cases ,  when taking pictures .
if you want something that will not rip ,  go for their silky hose with lycra .
screen protectors may seem a good idea to use ,  but i think it s not worth it .
the product itself has scratches . feeling is not a good product .
case is okay alittle cheap looking and when i recieved it ,  it was broken .
i returned it for a full ,  prompt refund from amazon .
i had zero problems installing and using these tubes .
in my humble opinion they are not a good value for the money .
ok ,  i m num_num  for a while longer at least  .
item came and looks like th picture and you do get what you pay for .
the flat version is lighter and can sit flat on a table .
the price was too good to be true .
i also did not like the fact that there was not volume control and the caller sounded extremely loud .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was very much looking forward to this game .
num_extend the battery compartment screw is made of cheap metal and the head easily strips .
i suppose u get what u pay for .
i understand that they were meant to be made out of plastic ,  and bendable .
i would not purchase this item again ,  nor do i recommend it .
in looking at the reviews ,  other people experienced this same problem .
but the part that i didn t like was how extremely thin they are .
this was my third purchase of this model .
the blender seems to be high quality when first inspected but upon using has major problems .
i used it for rather high power appliances num_extend total  though .
i m sorry i wasted my money buying it .
i have to use a thin cloth for protection .
so when i ordered these i mistakenly thought i was getting .
i am probably not going to purchase these again .
i think the stuff is too expensive also .
it does it job however ,  the brightness is awfully low when looking dead on .
but i m going to take it back and try a different brand .
it can also be resharpened easily ,  or replaced in num_num seconds .
if you have the funds skip and buy something a little nicer .
they are extremely thin ,  even thin for a cracker .
its hard to put on ,  hard to take off ,  hard to keep on .
the sound quality in the pair that i received is really pretty poor .
the batteries run down quickly ,  because you have to charge the car up by tethering it to the controller .
so ,  if i leave one off the charger too long ,  i can t find it by using the intercom function .
doesn t worth the money and i don t recommend buying it .
will probably look for a better version next order .
the rubber comes off .  .  . it doesnt look red once you get it .  .  . cheaply made .  .  .  . and looks pink .
it was cheap though so that s why i give two instead of one .
the pan i received was okay but was not what i wanted .
it is a very cute idea but poorly designed .
it also falls apart at the seems really easily .
and i had always wanted to give it a try but the price seemed to high .
if i press them on my ears ,  then i get a mediocre sound .
just don t read the reviews for the one you are purchasing .
it constantly begins charging the battery and stops after num_num seconds .
the headphone have little base with reduction on .
i was hopeful this wash was going to help keep my skin clear .
after i received the product i realized it was not made from the root .
i m not sure if i ll buy this again .
the shoe is narrow at the toe and runs short .
it didn t work when i first used it ,  and never worked after .
i was looking for an at home starbucks green tea latte .
the second thing that bothered me is the soup spoon ,  which is huge in comparison to the short handle .
i guess i order the wrong type ,  but it did look the same .
it literally sits on the phone and comes completely off as soon as you move it .
i wiped it down with hot water and dawn soap ,  but it still smelled terrible .
i don t like the blade ,  the handle ,  the  saw  or the sheath .
when it works ,  it works great but % reliability is just not acceptable .
it came loose the first week i used it .
it falls off every time i drop the phone .
i was expecting pizza crust that would taste almost like the real thing .
after reading the reviews on this product i went a head and ordered this anyways .
come to find out ,  it is about num_num inches long .
the sounds are muffled and not very loud .
i m now going to buy a separate stuffer .
which is kind of a problem . i hoped this would be a fix .
it will break if you bend it or plug in the phone and pull on the phone too hard .
this product is essentially ground up pepper ingredients .
i bought this thing ,  and have never used it ,  and according to these reviews ,  i may not .
gosh ,  i hate giving a bad review ,  but unfortunately this item wasn t so well thought out .
this ,  i think ,  is overpriced and rather poor in execution ,  especially considering the price .
some have been better than others ,  but none have been like this .
so basically you get num_num games in num_num with num_extend
heard it can be changed from num_num to num_num but requierd some efforts .
i used the original mophie juice pack with my num_extend
if i put the phone behind me ,  it would cut out .
this case is actually chrome plastic and only looks like aluminum .
the picture shows purple and when i got it ,  it was burgeundy .
taste is okay ,  but i didn t eat more than num_num bowl of it .
it is a shame because they look so nice when on .
so far i haven t gotten a single one on .
i just received this and it does not fit my phone .
but the music isn t nearly as bad as the actual gameplay .
i wish i checked it before buying it .
i will be giving it to someone else and hope they have more luck with it .
the one i bought was made in germany ,  and says  cadco  on the label .
i have not been making num_num pots of coffee for years with this machine .
if i found it on sale or bogo i d buy it again .  .  . at full price ?  it s not worth it .
with prior experience with better grinders ,  i have to rate this product very low .
probably ok for a body brush but it s too small .
as it is this  trial  will be sent back .
i usually drink farmer brothers coffee so maybe that s why i didn t care for this coffee at all .
it feels like something that would be included in a child s toy tool set .
terrible packaging ,  came all banged up and missing pieces .
i bought two ,  not one ,  pairs of these because i liked the noise canceling and the sound was ok .
i started using the other one that s left .
i used this product  correctly  as another reviewer outlined and still got poor results .
it s not so much  bad  ,  per se ,  as it is just tasteless .
i was looking for an electric knife to make slicing my round loaves of bread easier .
you can hardly see the screens when you put them on .
i put my iphone in it ,  but it really doesn t hold it very well .
i tried this litter based on the high reviews but am very disappointed in this purchase .
thankfully i didn t dump tons of money into it .
this is one of those purchases i wish i didn t purchase .
have bought a lot of things from amazon and never encountered this problem before; maybe things are changing .
i ordered a replacement ,  and had the same problem .
it was such thin material i had my doubts how it would feel on .
amazon did refund the entire cost of order .
yes ,  my pan was hot but not that hot to warrant this .
you are supposed to take it apart and clean it and change the filter every two weeks .
if you drop your phone with this case on it won t protect it much .
if you use the phone ,  it drops its charge time dramatically .
i was hoping that it would be at pliable so that it would bend for people with bigger heads .
clean by zirh is not a bad product .
you need unbelievable force combined with awkward twisting and more force before you can get air in the tire .
it was broken when i received it in the mail .
i bought num_num and thought i had just gotten an amazing deal ,  but i was so wrong .
it really doesn t seem to be a very robust case .
there s also slight hiss coming from the earphones even when the music is paused .
i was excited to rip the package open to put my trusted otterbox on my new galaxy num_extend
does not work the other way around to tight the filter .
i never thought i had a big head ,  but maybe it is  in more than one way ?   .
i had it replaced ,  as it was clearly expired .
this is not an led light and the  light  is not at the end of the little tube .
it did not taste like the jasmine tea i so remember and appreciate .
we have had these for a few months now and they don t really seem to do anything .
although these are some of the sexiest phones around ,  they are not made to last .
the batteries do not seem to last very long at all .
i bought two sets about six months ago because they were cheap .
the most annoying thing however is cleanup with this vacuum ,  which is basically every time you use it .
this unit is nothing like the old one .
the lens were fine ,  scope was never dropped or abused .
if the replacement breaks i will probably look to buy the kinivo num_extend
not at all impressed with this tool kit .
i thought i d try these for a few dollars .
the size was ok and same as my regular size of num_extend
it didn t give him stinky farts like some cheap food . but the ingredients were a little sketchy .
i think there are too many high scoring reviews ,  which is usually the case on amazon .
if the heater is facing you ,  as it s supposed to ,  you re getting blasted by a big ,  bright light .
furthermore ,  even if you are fortunate enough to get it on correctly ,  the color fades unevenly .
an the frickin bag that comes with it is too danged small .
i guess you get what you paid for !  .
the only good thing i can say is that it didn t irritate my eyes .
perhaps i ve just been unlucky ,  but i have found the sennheiser headphones extremely unreliable .
not only that ,  but a good bit of them were broken .
i applied this for the first time after my morning shower today .
for the price it wasn t worth my time to return it .
it works but unfortunately the cons outweigh the pros .
i thought i had it cleaned off ,  after following the directions and scrubbing and scrubbing .
smudges and scratches are all you notice plus not easy to see in bright conditions .
i guess i should have read more up on it before buying it .
even with some equalization in the mix ,  i couldn t get  good bass  or a full sound out of these .
my main gripe is the amount of maintenance needed .
thought because it was lite weight would work .
unfortunately the sticker attached to the actual screen would not peel off .
i didn t like how it felt on my phone .
if you need an ice cream or cookie scoop ,  get something else .
i bought this on the basis of the good reviews but i was mislead .
i only gave this two stars because it works ,  but there s no telling when it might stop working .
the noise of the fan gets louder ,  and then dies .
both the usb cable and car charger had the metal from the small end come out of the cable .
this  gold tone  filter is ok for some people i suppose .
i had to return this shortly after i bought .
first off ,  its almost num_extend and i just bought this game .
the thing takes forever to get apart and is very hard to clean .
so since my husband got my droid phone ,  i gave him this charger .
i thought this product would be perfect ,  what a disappointment .
this thing is a total piece of junk !  and ,  i m now out the $ i paid for it .
i do not understand how it received any positive reviews . maybe it was less gritty in the past ?  ?  .
these would look okay with jeans ,  but are not dressy enough for business casual .
some examples  :  i  av component cable you have to buy from apple only .
the biggest problem is that it grinds so unevenly you almost can t use the coffee .
sad ,  because i love most little tikes products but this one just falls short .
well ,  in num_num years not much has changed with this product  i have checked it out at the stores  .
these are extremely thin which is fine for me around the house .
this product just doesn t do anything for me .
put this on a wooden table and the case will mar and scratch your table .
i ve had this for approx num_num years and haven t used it as much as i d hoped .
i used it once and haven t touched it since .
i was truly disappointed when i opened this package .
okay so i justified my purchase .  .  . over all ,  num_num mo old likes to play with it .
but when i put it on my phone you can t tell .
thought i could watch videos from youtube on this phone ,  oops ,  not a chance .
i don t see how this item is any way more advantageous than a regular toaster .
i am using it ,  but it is not a favorite .
applies evenly like cetaphil but leaves skin greasy to the touch minutes later .
having owned this item for  ? about a year ?  ,  it s already got a few rust spots on it .
this may be a good product for cooking meats  ,  but for vegetable cooking it is an average pan .
but when i got it ,  i couldn t stomach that taste .
i m on my num_extend silicone for this phone !   :   .
this product is way to thick and sticky .
for me ,  this makes coffee taste a little  sharp  ,  rather than smooth .
i did not expect the toy to be that big .
i found that the scent throw was greatly diminished .
i bought two different ones since these were so cheap .
i am not a happy camper with this battery charger .
there are very few things i like about these earbuds .
this pen isn t terrible but it has a slight reddish tint to it .
the cord isn t paracord it s more like shoe string you have to rewrap it .
if it is a bit dusky yeat the sight makes it hard to see the target .
this case looks pretty but it is plastic and cheap and does not fit properly on the phone .
there are two clips on the unit where the handle is stored ,  unclipped the handle and adjusted for size .
i purchased this item to dry my car .
the blade is now in two separate pieces .   .  .  .   .
tasted ok but felt icky in my mouth .
as far as the hardware goes it s great but the software is very poor and irritating .
the also block out an unbelievable amount of noise .
this is so small that it would only fit a child .
this was the third one i purchased as my other two just stopped working after num_num seasons .
attempted to disconnect my charging iphone from this cable and it snapped apart .
i ve bought these a couple times and both times they didn t last very long .
i would of given it a num_num star if it wasn t scratched .
i m not an audiophile ,  but this sound was jarringly bad ,  .
the ones that i purchased here were poorly made .
it doesn t irritate my dry ,  sensitive skin and gives it a similar look to bare escentuals .
in my opinion ,  this newer version isn t as well made .
it was sent in a med size box ,  with other items in the box .
i wouldn t purchase this again because it didn t deliver anything close to what i wanted .
we decided to change one out that is looking old and worn .
no big deal as its stretchy and could tie it up to where it should be .
i ordered this case because it was cheap .
but all i had plugged into it was a mac pro ,  as well as my modem and router .
so to me for the price i paid its not worth .
my son s num_num coleman bag has a better zipper and lining material that does not snag .
i have had two of these units since feb num_extend
less than one hour charging on a completely dead battery and full charge is back .
the songs don t sound good and the mix sounds rather amateurish .
you can t charge it if you lose or forget to take this cable with num_extend
it s thin plastic and there are toolboxes that cost half as much that are twice as sturdy .
the snap closure works nicely ,  but the belt loop lacks any type of tactical disconnect .
i was expecting a knife that would have a shorter blade but not quite as narrow as this one .
order your regular size ,  i ordered up and that was a mistake .
this is the second battery i ordered that hasn t fit my num_extend or num_extend what s up with that ?  .
i took a risk buying a brand i ve never tried before .
they don t look or feel like a quality product .
i am giving this product num_num stars now .
i d like to know why this company is charging so much for their product .
it doesn t work with an ipod nano without some type of adapter .
so ,  i started reading reviews on different colognes .
i paid $ for this and am returning it num_num days after i bought it .
the plastic is cheap at the top and is difficult to lock on and to pull off .
so now i need to get another heater and get rid of this piece of crap .
i recently replaced several carpeted floors with wooden floors and don t need ugly baseboards and floors .
i d be ok with that but they are very cheaply made .
i expected it to be white like the picture .
it is not an oster brand blade ,  and came all bent and scratched .
i sigh quietly and explain  one more time  that i have already upgraded the firmware .
its cheap of course and you get what you pay for in this case .
if you love rice noodles ,  the asian style ,  this has oodles . but the flavor was lacking .
it worked well for couple if month but then started bad times when my return window is closed .
the worse thing about these headphones is the comfort .
i am considering getting a hard cover for my samsung proclaim .
i used it to remove a big num_num year old rust stain on my carpet .
it s nice and thick ,  but quite poorly made .
although i suppose i can t exactly dock the product for how it was shipped ,  look out .
got to admit that it does look nice ,  but the quality is pretty bad .
the phone is  docked  inside the case ,  which is how the power gets into the phone .
i felt it was to wide for me .
i purchased this queen size downy mattress num_num months ago from amazon .
why lie ?  this may be a good product ,  but fotl should be honest about the price .
being hot is was a problem for a while .
but ,  they re certainly not worth the retail price .
really ?  ?  ?  i know with the price  .  .  . what do i expect but honestly this was a huge let down .
i was excited about this purchase ,  but it was broken .
it is not the heavy duty cookie sheet like the airbake ultra i have owned for years .
and it should be thick and not drip off a spoon .
the case does not fit my phone it has stretched out not a tight fit .
it was an expensive decorative item for my laundry room .
i had to install new batteries to get anything out of the num_extend
i don t think i would recommend this to another person .
i did not feel secure with my phone in this case .
this product was not at all what i was expecting .
at first ,  i thought it worked well ,  but when it dried ,  there were streaks .
it took nearly two weeks before i received it .
this is not always the case and breakfast cereals are no exception .
as others have mentioned ,  there is a strong smell to the rubber that has not gone away over time .
i have only had it three months and there is rust colored staining beginning to show in two areas .
i don t want to be out in the middle of nowhere and suddenly have my battery go down .
i gave them num_num stars just because they are as pictured .
if like myself you want cordless ,  it is not .
the product itself is not awful ,  it is just not for me .
i also have another battery from this brand and it is also showing itself to be mislabeled .
maybe i just got a defective product ,  but overall i wasn t impressed .
others have said they fit well ,  but that was not my experience .
the sauce wasn t that tasty ,  and it actually gave my littlest a stomach ache .
i had cooked these many times before without this problem .
i opened my box and found that one of the box of crackers had been open and removed .
ok ,  it is daytime dim in here ,  and certainly not dark .
judging that aspect alone would warrant num_num stars .
plugging headphones into the clip on device and then clipping it on was the issue for me .
the lid is num_num inches ,  and perhaps i should have bought a smaller lid for my fry pan .
the problem is the sound is plain tinny .
i really need something for my cough ,  but the num_extend isn t really doing the job .
the cost of this tea is another issue .
this unit is less than useless for over the air  ota  signals .
i needed to replace my original droid which i purchased the first day it came out .
honestly i can t tell any difference in reception with or without this product .
if you don t mind the annoying hum and crackle ,  you re fine .
i see why the price was so low .
i paid num_num bucks ,  and that s what i should get for num_num bucks .
defrost overnight in the fridge ,  then reheat in oven or microwave .
i would not hesitate to call it chili soup .
if you gonna buy it ,  try a size down .
it s not like i have a small head ,  it s average .
i was excited to be able to try this grip with my iphone num_extend
i wasted quite a bit of money ,  but had to try .
i thought they would be bigger for some reason .
i would not recommend this bluetooth !  the sound quality is poor ,  and very uncomfortable to wear .
the replacement blades ,  which cost big money ,  definitely last very little time before they become dull .
when i received them i realized why they were so cheap .
there s nothing else in that pocket ,  since i don t want to damage the screen .
not worth the money i spent on it .
i used this battery for about num_num weeks .
if you have a small or big head ,  this headphone is not for you .
first ,  the packaging it came in was horrible !  you could tell it had been opened ,  abused ,  cut ,  etc .
first ,  it will only charge an iphone num_extend to % if you re battery is at % or less .
i returned to my plug in ear buds that had better reception .
i reported the descrepancy to amazon ,  and amazon did fully refund my purchase including free shipping back to them .
they re also really big fyi  long ,  go real far up your leg  .
i dont understand where all these rave reviews are coming from .
well ,  apparently that was too high of an expectation .
after i said no ,  they offered me a refurbished one for $
i don t think that it is too loud though .
the plastic bar piece that goes over the ear is bulky and uncomfortable .
two words :  it sucks !  !  i sold mine on ebay and got some money back .
i will never again buy anything that can t be returned directly to amazon .
it s so cheap feeling that i was afraid of breaking it just screwing it on .
not for the price i paid at least .
this sneaker was exactly as i expected ,  in terms of appearance ,  but it was very small and narrow .
this will make your skin softer ,  but there were no other noticeable results  for me  .
usually the reviews are accurate ,  but not this time .
we ended up getting num_num of these for xmas .
when we opened this i noticed how cheap it seemed to be .
the quality of this product is beyond poor .
spend another num_num dollars and get something better .
the battery is brand new and barely used .
smells like the bac n bite dog treats i give my dog ,  probably tastes similar also .
i bought a size up from what i was ,  per everyones recommendation ,  and they were still too small .
i bought it just to vacuum up dog hair in my bedroom .
if not for the num_extend then the psp instead .
it did sting a little when i put it on .
very poor quality but i didn t expect much so .
needs pressing buttons and holding up to usb num_extend
it is less than num_num months old and it s as if the blades have gotten dull .
it doesn t absorb as well as other hand creams i ve used .
i own a rival rice cooker that recently broke within a year of buying it .
i am usually not sensitive with the smells .
it charges so slow and its not the wall plug its the cable for sure .
i cut it down to fit ,  not exactly happy about it .
i used to buy depend when the item was white .
i had to go get a special shampoo to get rid of this greasy look .
i won t be buying them again and i wouldn t recommend them .
get a good water filter ,  save a ton of money and plastic ,  and get much much better water .
i can t believe i spent over $ on this !  .
it s certainly not as good as some purport it to be .
you may as well use a corded mouse .
interesting .  .  .  . because my last review wasn t nearly as bad as it ll be now .
i will go ahead and spend the extra money for an anker battery .
i would rather pay a high price for something of quality ,  so this is such a disappointment .
now ,  i have no way of putting my lipos on storage charge until i buy a new charger .
i was hoping for the best ,  but haven t noticed results ,  yet .
they have a smaller inside diameter and are thinner than the original .
i do not think it is going to hold up so good .
the smell leaves alot to be desired , it has a strong chemical smell .
it looked like my nails were done by a num_num year old .
i bought this product based on all the great reviews and it was a mistake .
i ve fgound the cure for drinking too much coffee inthe morning .
i have a narrow foot and skinny feet .
low price for a product that does not hold up .
out of the box ,  it is too bright .
i also notice the xl seemed a little smaller .
the game costed .  .  ,  it should have a battery backup .
that being said ,  that s like the only good thing about it .
if your re lazy and love great coffee ,  this is not the machine for you .
these worked ,  but it wasn t as easy of an installation as it should have been .
i really want to like them but i won t buy them again .
i guess they d be ok for gardening as they will wash off easily .
i sent it back and it came back with a new gasket .
it looks like it was supposed to be for and iphone or something .
i would rate this game num_num stars if i could but it wont let me .
search the web for num_extend and you ll know what i mean .
i m definitely not buying these again ,  but i m sure somebody somewhere will enjoy them so i won t waste them .
you should know that this protector was not designed to resist scratches but moreso to enhance clarity .
i did not much care for this product .
the product does not provide the required voltage to charge the phone .
i recall buying several of these and getting either average or very poor performance .
the bulb on this one burned out num_num months later when i could no longer return .
this is the second time i have tried this type of aroma diffuser .
this is the latest firmware num_extend  for hw revision b model  and it states something about fixing mdns issues .
the plastic inside was stiff and not convenient for me .
my previous dryer was great but it just stopped working after many year .
i cleaned it weekly with diluted bleach ,  but some of it was virtually impossible to get off .
did not work as well as others i have tried .
did not work for  my touch  num_extend phone .
sure ,  it s lightly carbonated ,  but that alone doesn t make this drink a soda .
i ultimately returned it to the seller with no problems ,  for complete refund .
wish i d just bought a more expensive one .
first time i used it to get mayonnaise out of a plastic jar it performed as expected .
i have been purchasing these krackers for over a year .
but if i wear them to long my ears start to hurt .
it tumbles alright  better on berber carpeting or bare floor than thicker carpeting  .
i wish i had been able to try this out or at least smell it before i bought it .
this won t charge an iphone num_extend running the latest software available right now .
as time went on ,  it just doesn t even get hot anymore at all ,  warm at best .
the range of the headset is poor to say the least .
i just don t get it ,  because in my experience ,  it s a simply terrible product .
this is a definite one star ,  both in product quality  or lack thereof  and merchant deceptive practice .  and no .
not really much positive feedback i have for this product .
there is a plastic pouch with noodles and a paper pouch with powder .
unfortunately ,  i was not lucky with my purchase .
i thought about returning this and replacing it with a medium .
it doesn t mean they aren t good plates and chip proof .
another thing is i just didn t care for this so i returned it for a refund .
the build quality was cheap and even at this price isn t really worth the chance .
i bought the num_num which is the same thing as this one except the display .
switching between my laptop and desktop has been very intermittent in performance :  sometimes it switches ,  sometimes it doesn t .
why i bought a second pair i can not say ,  i guess i liked the sound quality .
save your money and get a better one .
there is no need for it at all as the brake controller mounted just fine with the included hardware .
i d say my num_extend are more closely displayed in the picture you see above .
i have owned this for num_num months and it started having probs about num_num month in .
mostly it was just mediocre and difficult to use .
save your money and buy a better cable .
i don t like the consistency of this product .
unfortunately it weighs one pound more than stated in the product description .
it has somewhat of a sour taste to it ,  and leaves a bad aftertaste .
for the price of this i expected better .
i asked for another replacement and they sent one for my work computer .
some people had suggested buying a larger size ,  but i was afraid that it would not work .
i only used it for a couple weeks and moved on .
sometimes it worked; other times it didn t; so didn t really have confidence in it .
i will try the manufacturer to see if they will replace it .
i was very excited to try this product .
product received was not the screen protector advertised .
i purchased this griddle because my old electric griddle had worn out .
there are too many moving parts to this unit .
these glasses are not oversized and would not buy them again .
it ends up being really stressful trying to set it .
luckily ,  it did not break while putting the water in it .
it might work for someone else to use ,  but not me .
i don t like the way the product goes on  sticky  and hard to apply with very little coverage .
used another small tube of epoxy to glue it back .
this could be important because the num_extend batteries are $ and the num_extend are $
i was really excited to see a product that would fit a dd but i should have known better .
overall i want to like the phone but i m searching for something else as the frustrations arent worth it .
this product is way to bulky to be anywhere close to functional .
these would b ok for a young child but these didnt work for me .
connects quick to my phone ,  but calls are dropped .
i have rated it in num_num categories that discuss different aspects of the num_extend
yep ,  there was something about this coffee that just did not jive .
first of all ,  these probably would have gotten a num_num star rating .
what amazon . com sends you is the  compact  energizer charger and not the  overnight  charger pictured here .
i ve been using this for about three weeks and i haven t seen any change at at all .
plugging it into usb ,  both the juice pack and the iphone would charge to full at the same time .
however ,  i did receive a battery that i believe is fake .
the earphones themselves are flat and leave no room for the ear ,  so it makes it uncomfortable .
i stopped using it around my eyes and the area looked better .
this product might work for some ,  but it certainly didn t work for me .
it is stinky i think and i didn t see that it worked either .
needless to say they do not work very well for this purpose .
as far as being easy on my stomach ,  it was no different than other coffee .
i thought this was gonna be great but no effects .
fabric quality is cheap looking and the fit is boxy not modern slim fit .
this cable doesn t charge as the original one .
for the first day or so ,  i thought i saw an increase in battery life .
i didn t think ,   oh wow this is great  ,  it s not .
but ,  for the price of it ,  i just don t think it offers very much .
anyway ,  returned it and ordered a different one .
it might work for you ,  but it didn t work for me .
spend the extra money on a better quality battery ,  i wish i had !  !  !  .
i used it for the first time in a green bean casserole on thanksgiving .
then i tried it on my samsung galaxy note which i know is otg compatible .
i typically tap this a few times before the ipad responds ,  but it has no issues with my fingers .
i have no idea why this product got such great ratings .
the glass is cheap and opaque enough that it causes my macro lens to autofocus on the glass .
it seemed like a convenient purchase at the time but when i received it it wasn t retractable at all .
i purchase num_num piece of this screen protector but i only tried two of them .
i find the music to be loud and annoying ,  too .
we generally enjoy the helper meals ,  this one is awful .
its not a bad product ,  but its also not a good product .
the white noise feature was strange and had a pulsing sound to it ,  rising and falling .
it was ok in the beginning ,  but then around week num_extend it started to itch a little .
used this on my iphone num_extend for about num_num days .
except that for me it stopped working after about num_num uses num_extend days old  .
i m not a big fan of this product .
considering it s pricier ,  i would likely not purchase again because i don t think it adds much .
i would prefer if they just made them to operate with aa or aaa disposable batteries .
upon reading other reviews i placed order for this unit .
hi ,  as the price might suggest ,  you get what you paid for .
i want to backup my phone contacts to my pc or a removable sd card ,  not to the cumulonimbus .
not bad quality ,  but it is not showing in the images .
with this ,  if you want it to do more ,  you have to buy additional items .
the case was plastic ,  not metal as described when i bought it .
if i change my mind ,  ill change this review .
they are basically pleather ,  which does not stretch ,  and so cannot give one that skintight look .
the material on the other hand is not .
also ,  the new rubber compound seems to be much softer and is wearing out far quicker .
the glow is so weak that it s almost unnoticeable .
i tried to go the cheap route buying this and actually wasted my money !  .
this battery arrived on time and was visually identical to the original oem battery .
i m guessing it doesn t taste very exciting or perhaps very much like bacon !  .
i tried replacing the battery so that s not the problem .
yet ,  num_num ounces is not more than a couple of swallows .
but then after about num_num months of use ,  it just completed stopped working .
seemed like a good product but it just didn t last .
luckily i had another pair of needle nose pliers prior to this purchase .
the replacement does not have the loud static ,  but the sound quality is not as good as the first .
this product is rubberized and the colored band around is made of plastic .
can t really reholster after a draw because the holster is so flimsy .
im just glad that it was so cheap .
it s not suitable for directly connecting a device to your computer without that normal cable .
with crispy green you get num_num individual serving bags inside of a bigger bag .
if you salt your food you probably will not notice the salty taste .
i used it about five times before i just gave up and finally just put the darned thing away .
yeah right !  it s almost too small for me and i wear a size num_extend
i have had better experience wit other brands like systane gel or genteal ointment .
this is my num_extend wireless router ,   i am not counting my access points  .
it s good quality but poor design  in my opinion  .
i used to have a zyliss brand before that seemed to work better and cost less .
what is left probably won t last another week .
but low and behoild ,  the pacageing states that soem of the components are indeed made in china .
did i mention that this keyboard is flexy ?  way too flexy ?  it is .
i ordered these shoes for my husband ,  who wears a size num_extend
this backup source charged my phone twice before dying after a complete charge .
i would have liked to know this before i bought it .
initially i thought it may go away once i use it for some time .
save your money and pay less for one without a marker and buy your own .
it is actually not useful on its own .
it s just not the same as a real one .
i would not purchase this overpriced product again .
also ,  it s really hard to clean the dust inside the fan .
having dropped and shattered a glass french press before ,  i thought i d give it a try .
this is the spottiest bluetooth receiver i ve ever had the misfortune of using .
no need to drag your windows into that screen and then making it into full screen .
which is outrageously overpriced ,  but hasn t given me any problems  .
my husband was able to temporarily fix it ,  but by the next day ,  it wasn t working again .
after printing ,  the pictures aren t all that good ,  very grainy ,  the resolution is only num_extend
occasionally ,  if it is left on ,  it will continuously charge .
i was looking forward to the arrival of this product .
and for the price i decided this wasn t the product for me .
it does not run on a third or more of desktop systems .
i immediately requested a refund and i m thankful that i have prime because the return shipping is free .
i promptly returned it and wound up buying a used one since i knew it worked upon shipping .
i cant say this product worked on the two vehicles i tried it on .
i would not recommend this product unless you are willing to go buy some industrial strength velcro .
if you are baking ,  please don t leave it unattended .
by crumby i mean it leaves tons of crumbs everytime i use it .
this was suppose to be a christmas gift !  .
for me ,  this phone was a huge ,  epic fail . please save yourself the trouble ,  and don t buy this phone .
i guess i should have read the negative reviews a bit more closely .
i rarely give a poor review but this product is just terrible .
reading the other reviews ,  i know i am not the only one with this problem .
i was pretty excited to get this for traveling .
this oatmeal is very tiny pieces ,  not a flat oat like i am used to seeing with irish oatmeal .
the product arrived but it would have been better if it had been late .
i had an easier time applying the dye with a disposable mascara wand .
they really don t taste bad ,  just not satisfying or all that pleasant .
it s horrible raising food to your mouth with this  perfume  on your hands .
i purchased this device thinking was the appropriate one for my type of phone but i was wrong .
i do not recommend this device to anyone !  !  .
the could a good product but it has a fatal design flaw which make it a complete ripoff .
this was ordered thinking this would be great for my iphone num_extend
you must remove belt clip to use this item .
this phone is not well designed in terms of how easy it is to damage it .
i can t comment on it other than that as i did t even get to use it .
it is like the hard plastic case is too small for soft one .
thing this is a cheap make and the price was not worth it .
wow ,  i thought i d chance it with the negative reviews but got stung .
awhile back ,  less than num_num months ,  i purchased four packs for num_extend dollars .
if you have a dog that is more interested in chewing than chasing this product will not be suitable .
also potentially dangerous for someone relying solely on this num_extend burns through batteries quickly .
i put on my glass in oven and it did wipe off with no problems .
for the record i have a motorola photon num_extend
look elsewhere for kits or just make your own for a lot less .
i ll stick with it for now ,  but most likely i ll migrate to an android phone next year .
this thing is indeed mostly plastic made to look like black metal .
if you do not have experience soldering tiny pins etc .
it worked fine for a little over a year and just stopped working today .
i read the reviews before ordering and have been using it for a few weeks .
that s a method that s tried and true and can t possibly last for less time than this sorry little product .
i spent $ on this charger and found my self using my original charger because this one is junk .
it is certainly not worth anywhere near that ,  it isn t even worth the $ that i paid for it .
save your money and buy something more substantial even though that other something may cost more money .
the product was a joke :  it was dirty ,  dented ,  cracked ,  had faded paint ,  and came in cheap packaging .
plus ,  my skin feels drier but less drier than dove soap .
i just need something to clean the boots i have .
so if you re looking for an extra or replacement bowl for this machine : cuisinart ice num_num serve num_num quart cream .
my kensington headset does not work ,  so are some of my newer motorola headset .
it s flimsy material that does a poor job of providing shaping .
i purchased these headphones because i needed a cheap ,  silent alternative to my computer speakers .
luckily ,  i was able to return it to the store for a full refund .
that didn t last more than a week or so until i again hit the  no lift  issue .
but i ll be looking elsewhere this kind of product .
i ve had it for over a year ,  and still haven t installed it .
i am pressing out pie dough for miniature pies and the dough is not as cold as recommended .
the silver is die cut ,  thin ,  almost foil thin .
i m also buying ultimate num_extend and mk annihilation .
sure the graphics are pretty look at ,  but it s just plain sucky .
i used this for music at the gym with an iphone num_extend
all of their products have never failed me ,  until this one . i set it up according to the instructions .
i decide to turn on the wifi on my smart phone .
it s only some plastic and ,  upon inspection ,  does not seem like a very robust design .
now that they re nearly $ i m not so sure .
we had better luck with our old cheap blade grinder .
i actually used it for about num_num months .
i was a bit concerned because few reviews mentioned bad packaging .
i wish i could give this a better review .
i wanted to like this product ,  but the fit just isn t right .
sadly ,  i have not had luck with cuisinart coffee products .
i ve cooked with pressure cookers for about num_num years .
i ordered them and the new is not the same quality as the old .
guess you can t expect much for a $ product .
i expected the phone cover to last longer .
first blade broke picking out a splinter in my hand the tip snapped like glass .
i installed the motorola signal booster after my cable had gone through two signal splitters .
the handle is nice but it just doesn t get the job done .
i wanted lightweight ,  and these are definitely light ,  but they also were falling apart cheap out of the box .
bizarre . the only thing that keeps me from rating this as a one star product is the the $ price .
i ordered these as stocking stuffers for my two boys ,  ages num_num and num_extend
they are interesting ,  but would not buy them again .
sure enough ,  after one use cutting some damp sticks up for tender ,  the blade chipped out pretty bad .
also you cannot change the battery . when they wear out you have a hunk of plastic .
the reason i bought this device was to minimize the dangling cables in my car .
after the grill cooled off ,  i went to clean it .
that said ,  the phone does have a beautiful inner lcd ,  the outer lcd is pretty bad .
i ish i had the experience some other reviewers did .
the duel blade aren t aligned well ,  so whatever your slicing gets caught between the blades .
the motorola num_extend surprisingly does not sound as good as the kinivo num_extend  also sold under other names  .
i wish they made these with a harder rubber .
this was very cheap so i bought it to try it out .
you will have to maintain the seasoning ,  but it it in the $ range and has no knob hole .
i don t think i d pay $ for this ,  but i might because of looks and lightness .
these are the most uncomfortable ear buds i ve ever tried and i ve used various earbuds over the years .
i had low expectations that anything resembling good sound could come out of a num_num x num_num speaker .
i don t really care much for this product .
it looks a little darker in the picture .
needless to say ,  my dog literally ate the whole thing within seconds without attempting to chew .
anyway ,  amazon replaced the set promptly and without hassle .
you re better off paying more for a better quality one .
i was worried that it wouldn t hold up when i noticed that it is stainless .
as for the car charger i haven t used it yet ,  but i doubt it works all that well either .
but the product with the same content i used ,  was way more expensive .
however once you get it in there its snug and will not be going anywhere .
it was a christmas gift that did not work .
i get the same effect from drinking a large black coffee .
i picked the lid up by the knob and the knob wobbled .
if you do ,  it tries to fall off your headalso it is supposed to fold up and be portable .
for starters ,  it comes in a clear plastic bottle ,  not the dark glass in the picture .
the one i recieved is really poor quality .
worked fine for about num_num months ,  then broken .
i really had high expectations for this product based on the highly rated reviews ,  but i was very disappointed .
i do not have any problems with la roche posay or skinceuticals brands .
it doesn t work on a lot of phones .  .  .  . and i don t know why .
it didn t fit well around the actual phone .
and it s cheap ,  although it seems to embody both connotations of that word .
it is a metal handle stuck into a small ,  flimsy nylon spoon end .
so i have to give it a poor review .
i don t want to buy an expensive battery for these waste of money headphones . never ever buy this product .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  and i shouldn t have .
i couldn t use it on my left ear ,  which for me ,  wasn t quite num_extend
wanted to return it but my return dead line expired num_num days ago .
i think this was returned by another customer as defective ,  and it was sent right out again to me .
we bought several of these items and the idea seemed great ,  but the actual product just did not deliver .
i just can t get past it and that is why i will not purchase this product again .
i received a refund and am now in the process of wating for my new reorder .
i recently purchased the bunn num_extend num_extend coffee brewer .
it still has use but not something i d repurchase .
i thought it was rather cheap for the amount of time that i put into the game .
the manufacturer replaced it at no charge with a second unit .
dont quite understand the concept ,  maybe i ordered the wrong size .
the handle is too fat for my liking .
i was actually eying this product for awhile before ordering it because i personally love potatoes .
also when i speak it mutes the incoming audio ,  which should not be necessary with a headset .
i don t really know if this product works or not .
i was so excited to use this product ,  as i had heard awesome stuff about it .
picks up fairly well . bad points :  heavy and no belt so hard to push  and carry  .
i already have a lot of wooden spoons and silicon spatulas .
after further reviewing this product i ve noticed a defect with the travel dock .
but i bought this for num_extend and i feel num_extend ripped off !  .
these gloves just didn t quite do it for me . the fit is strange .
it does mess with your middle ear a bit .
the cover looks pretty but it offers no protection to the phone .
if you re thinking about boiling water in this .
i m lucky i was in the kitchen ,  and it happened within minutes of turning on the oven .
however ,  loose leaf tea can be pretty expensive and i m picky with tea .
i ordered it ,  used it once and will probably throw the rest away .
i washed it off and decided to try again .
the screen protector is way to long for the htc thunderbolt .
i can even smell the dishwasher detergent on it after it s been throughly washed .
well ,  what did i expect for the price ?  what a horrific little piece of junk .
unfortunately ,  one day the sound went out in one ear and i needed to get a replacement .
the connection will fail after a while you disconnect the lan cable .
that s how beef jerky is supposed to be .
i installed these speakers in my num_num honda civic num_extend
the serrated blade is very thick but not very sharp .
i m sure it is most likely because of the dark roast rather than any extra acid in the coffee .
it does not support my iphone num_num which makes this item useless for me .
anyway i wanted a replacement and ordered this item .
it worked for a few months then failed .
i d rather sound better and not have as good noise cancellation than have good noise cancellation but sound crappy .
my phone had a tendancy to  lock up  .
these dont sound bad .  .  . they just are not worth even close to num_num bucks .
no change . we then put one in the bedroom and one in the living room .
i will probably replace it when my new screen protector arrives .
those easy to change mop heads are just about the cheapest piece of junk i ve seen .
i don t know how these mediums would fit persons of sizes other than mine .
i needed a new headset  my blueant is so small and light i constantly lose it  .
i have to sweep endlessly around that one after i empty it each day .
i have purchased num_num of these from amazon ,  neither worked .
very odd . slowly at first ,  i was able to correct the controller .
don t like both the texture  too thin  and color  too orange  ,  i m amazed at all the num_num star reviews .
so if haven t tried this brand u may want to before u buy it .
not hammie ,  not meaty ,  just a salty rubbery texture .
from cleaning stove tops ,  car glass ,  windows ,  wiping dust off just sanded woodwork ,  etc .
the biggest problem is that the knife just doesn t feel good in the hand .
ordered this pan because it was described as being num_extend in height .
there are better products and i would order this again look up illuminesce dmae on amazon .
it didn t chip as much but by day num_num i was able to peel the paint and polish off .
the camera worked great ,  then mysteriously started displaying an num_extend code when i tried to turn it on .
i got num_num of these in num_num different designs .
i decided to order it in num_num sizes too large to get the loose feel i was looking for .
i was not too pleased with this product .
i randomly looked up reviews for it and now i m horrified at what i m reading .
after having the screen protector on for a few days the top layer started to peel off .
i actually put it in my side loading clothes washer and used the  hand wash  cycle .
buyer argued over return i was out a total of about $ product not so great .
i wasn t sure what to expect from this product .
the sound is usable for awhile ,  then reverts to near silence or distortion .
i ordered this because it was supposed to be very healthful .
the old saying  you get what u pay for  .
aslo not i had gotten a lot of air bubbles .
i just brought it back out to try again ,  but now the electronics have failed .
the coffee flavor is off ,  and the drink has a weird after taste .
i would not recommend this battery to anyone .
but it is way to cumbersome and difficult to set up .
actually purchased this at wallyworld because my num_extend one crapped out .
i contacted the seller and was told they would send a replacement right away .
these in fact are intended to be used as bag gloves .
glad i bought at amazon ,  so i m not stuck with thee .
i ordered an num_num in white to fit my womans num_num shoe .
i saw this store have it for num_num bucks with a torn label and cartridge only .
it s really a thin ,  long and very ,  very floppy thing .
it is at least a pretty knife ,  but on the whole a disappointment .
like other reviewers ,  i have this product and it began flaking fairly soon .
too bad ,  the other fiskar products we have are great .
at least i didn t spend a ton of money .
i have only had this case a couple of months and already the back is peeling off .
i needed these to open a hp sleekbook also a old ipod touch .
the cord is so short you can t pull it behind you .
even though it is a cheap model .  .  .  . this is one time you get what you pay for .
i was disappointed because it was really small portion for the regular price of $
this item is cheaper than silpat but i was not happy with it .
it is made of cheap plastic covered by light weight rubber .
it worked fine for the first several times i used it ,  but then something went wonky .
not sure if the product itself is useful because i can t use it .
the num_extend phone service is not necessary for phone calls or texting .
for that ,  i am giving only num_num stars .
two hours later ,  i was finally able to slide it off .
but it s uncomfortable and it doesn t fit on the ear like it should .
save your money and just get rechargeable aa batteries .
the product seemed to work well ,  but lasted only two trips .
i normally wear a size num_num but the shoe was too small .
this says a serving is one cup and also says one package weighs num_extend  half a cup  .
i had a problem receiving my product but after contacting the seller i received it promptly .
i left it in my old iphone and simply used the adapters input to plug everything into .
might work as a travel bowl but not an everyday bowl .
i wanted to like this item and had seen the generally favorable reviews .
a dime and i would have a num_extend shot at getting a good unit .
my nails are chipping and flaking more now than they were before .
this is the most dissapointed i have ever been in a toy .
i really wanted to like this device ,  but it makes it very hard to do so .
but wait !  that s not all that s wrong with this rig .
what may be the worst though is that battery life is very poor in the  alert  mode .
not ! it is the most difficult vacuum i have ever used .
besides that the fit was way too big .
this gets a bit more juice out ,  but not much .
i again explained that blue tooth is always activated on my phone because i use it with various devices .
so i would not order this as a protective case just if you want a purple iphone .
not sure how it got so many good reviews .
it seems different brands of cans have more or less glue on them or something .
not much more to say about the product .
the only reason i am replacing my cheap osterizer and mini food process is because of the noise .
they are cheap !  !  ! both of those work on and off on an ibm laptop .
too bad ,  because it has a nice look overall .
as a matter of fact i own num_extend
yeah ,  i didnt know what i was doin .
not sure but for what they cost one year is about all you going to get out of them .
the little yellow night light still worked however so it wasn t a completely useless object .
i complained to pur that the filtered water ,  after standing for a while ,  had a metallic taste .
it just wasn t cleaning well no matter how much i used and how much i scrubbed .
i wear a size num_extend but these were way to small .
i should have spent a few extra dollars to get a higher quality product .
the phone will now sometimes run out of batteries overnight .
ordered num_num of these items from num_num different places all through amazon .
i do not like these cases because they are not sturdy enough ,  they come off very easily .
so maybe that protects the battery from overvoltage damage ,  but i don t know enough to be sure .
the taste is awesome and tastes nothing like vitamins .
i have it for num_num months already and it still smell .
it dries up quickly ,  kinda ,  and turns into a shimmery coat of stuff .
i should have listened to the other reviews .
this battery does not hold a charge for very long .
i wish i could give it num_num stars .
noise cancelling seems barely better than my samsung num_extend
it s not the greatest thing . it s easily rust , even greased ,  awkward to use ,  and doesn t fit any size frying pan well .
but after only a couple weeks of use ,  it actually started to come apart .
i own a ton of other ka products and haven t had near this disappointment .
i probably could have figured it out if i read the reviews more closely .
the unit is reatively heavy ,  bulky and uncomfortable . don t waste your money .
it doesn t look rusted until you look at it with a magnifying glass in direct sunlight .
if you order maybe order a size smaller than your size .
i tried it out but decided to return it .
this may be okay for things that have enough color to mask it ,  but not for light stuff .
yes it is cheap but now i know why .
my wife s evo and my old iphone num_extend whatever their faults ,  worked .
if you use anything harder ,  you ll probably damage the lid .
even though i only paid $ for it .
so i was hoping this would work to help me cope better with that .
this was a poor fit for my iphone num_extend
update :  i decided to confirm my suspicion of this product .
that s very disappointing for a $ coffee maker .
when my last electric razor stopped working ,  i had to purchase a new one .
spend your money on something else even if it is only pennies .
i got num_num of them for about $ dollars somewhere . cons :  a waste of my $ dollars .
ok ,  i mean ,  i m pretty sure that these were acually free  plus $ for shipping  .
it needs to be able to plug in or at least have a better battery life .
it is bulky ,  not too small at all and not thin material .
overall ,  i give it num_num stars out of num_extend
i m quite disappointed with this product and expected much better considering the price .
sound is very weak ,  and mic might as well not be there .
i had to wear an arm holster so the unit would be in range .
beyond that ,  the phones offer a weak  but very low noise  output .
i think it was sort of bland and not very sweet .
one of the reasons i purchased this product was that i read the battery was user replaceable .
when you read the description it says that you get num_extend
this product was advertised as durable ,  for large dogs ,  etc .
my pack was not fully packed and it was a bit to large .
i the charge worked for a while ,  but now it seems that the micro usb is warped or loose .
it would likely need to be cleaned out periodically .
these crackers are not  flaky  or even crisp ,  they are just down right hard .
i have tried it with several phones and it will not connect .
i was anxious to use the zaggsparq num_num since i travel and drag along a couple of ios devices .
if they last to that point ,  they ll probably last a long time .
dispite the bad reviews on amazon i went ahead and purchased one .
i have doubts as to how long this will last and will update this review as necessary .
disappointing because it looks slimming , but makes me look even fatter .
there are some wieid plastic cuts on the top of the case that turn me off .
i will be returning this once i get paid and buying something else .
it s too small even if marked a size num_extend
it s clearly not redit s hard to plug in the audio cable .
it doesn t smell bad bud doesn t smell great ,  either .
it was cheap so didn t expect much but thought it would at least be plastic .
it felt too small in my hands and it was hard to control .
this is a cool product ,  but i paid way too much for this .
you want the battery with the  a  at the end ,  not a  u  in the part number .
these weren t nearly as durable as others purchased in the past .
i just didn t want to risk having my phone fall on the floor ,  or have the power socket damaged .
it worked for about a month and the same thing happened .
i was thinking that this phone would be similar to that .
this  blanket  should be use to dry dishes .
too bad as it appears that it will do a good job .
the cable that runs to the antenna was just barely long enough .
it tasted almost flavorless to me ,  and what little flavor it did have was unpleasant .
also there is a fair amount of dust under the screen protector from his job .
frankly i do not want to insert a used product into my ear .
yuck !  this spatula was actually a free replacement for an older one that had done the same thing .
i returned it and tried a second one just in case it was defective .
i purchased these for my son for christmas who is num_num months old .
you must apply some oil or the eggs will stick .
you can see where the handle was snapped off .
n mite ruin ur cell phone do not recommend thanks .
it may look cheap ,  but you are honestly getting what you are paying for ,  and no more .
these are just not as good as they re supposed to be .
cheap connectorsthe connectors at both ends of the hose feel cheap ,  and seem like they could break num_extend
but the num_extend colors seem to be overenhanced .
half of the time the percolator does not make the coffee .
the only reason i kept it is because it was a gift for my girls birthdays .
it was cheap and you get what you pay for .
there are better products out there in my opinion .
much too large for me a medium size woman .
it came with num_num kodak num_num ma nimh batteries .
they literally gave me a broken defective charger .
returned this product as one of the pieces came broken .
i must say the responce time was quick ,  and i asked them to send a replacement screw .
i am not sure who is writing the reviews .  .  . but this is like water .  .  . does nothing .  .  . does not work .
the picture does not show the fault of the glasses .
it is very flimsy and cheap and looks very cheap even for the cheap price .
it appears to be more like olive oil than anything else .
i am not sure they don t do the job ,  it s just i don t like stuff in my ears .
the usb ports do not charge all brands .
did not fit right inside of my ears they kept falling out and wouldn t stay in place .
i ll try the bic pen fix but may buy another .
as usual i was expecting the same quality gear from amazon .
if you are interested in having one break shortly after you purchase it i d find another brand .
i wouldn t buy again or even recommend despite the other good reviews .
but i had to return it since it doen t work for what i wanted for .
i had a particularly expensive item that would grow every time i selected it .
oh but that sound quality was second to none  sniff ,  sniff  .
i think this stuff would be much better suited as a dog treat for a small breed .
it s not their fault the product is mediocre .
it feels like it will shatter if i drop it from num_num feet or so .
that happens with any iron skillet or pan ,  but with the exposed grooves ,  it s really bad .
if you like virgin mobile ,  buy a phone that supports num_extend or num_extend lte instead .
a griffin technology num_num amp powerjolt dual micro for iphone and ipod  black  .
including shipping ,  these are over $ for num_extend or about a dollar a piece .
a sub twenty dollar product ruined my very expensive garmin num_num gps .
for my head ,  which is big but not too large ,  the fit was absolutely horrid .
it feels cheap and it get very ,  very hot .
there was nothing wrong with the product or how i was using it .
this item came with a broken handle and honestly did not seem to be very soundly assembled .
one of the worst earbuds i ve ever owned and i ve purchased several different types .
if you have a galaxy nexus and want your phone to fit completely in the case don t buy this .
it neither snaps nor screws on ,  but is just is pressed on to make it tight .
i take a size that usually fits to me ,  but not in this time .
it may have helped a little ,  but not enough that i would purchase again .
i ordered this one because this one looked exactly like the battery my phone came with .
these crusts were convenient because they are already baked .
the only plus on this vacuum is the ease of not changing the bag .
not these !  !  i washed them once ,  by hand ,  with laundry soap and a little bleach .
since cellet advertizes that it s product is licensed by apple ,  i was expecting a high quality product .
so what gives ? the battery and charging system have some major issues which i got past because i m mechanically inclined .
i bought two of these thinking they would be very good; are not ,  imo .
i was really excited to get it in the mail .
the problem is that the loop near the buckle that holds the end of the belt is too tight .
this brush seems to have less boar bristles then my brushes i bought in the num_extend
it s not horribly made ,  but it does have a design flaw that is practically guaranteed to cause electrical failure .
then it stopped sticking to the glass no matter what i tried .
it is more comfortable for me to wear ,  but inferior regarding its functionality .
this pan is definitely not worth the money .
these bags are very thin ,  and difficult to open .
oh well ,  i guess i got what i paid for .
these are so cheap i can t believe it .
this is white carpet btw . then i tried using it as a regular ,  spot carpet cleaner .
i purchased this lenmar battery ,  and after charging plugged it into my camera .
it is stiff and hard to get out of the jar .
you may be more partial to it ,  but i m not a big fan of the lingering taste of it .
the whole case is made of very thin plastic which flexes and distorts under the slightest pressure .
if you want a more durable feeder ,  pay more for a better built model !  .
not worth the risk i took in buying it .
the product was much larger and more cumbersome .
i am also getting rpg maker num_num for christmas .
i did everything right ,  but still didn t work .
i would spend a few extra dollars to get a descent cable .
i let it broil for num_num minutes and then was going to take it out to flip it .
at first i was able to snap it back together ,  but after two days the plastic broke completely .
maybe it was just the company i ordered from that is cheap ?  .
it was not a very helpful or convenient product .
was expecting something a lot better after reading the reviews .
however ,  recently i ordered full fat coconut milk .
we won t even mention how very large and heavy the base is .
i wear num_extend shoes and the xl size of these didn t fit many of my shoes .
the frying pan is decent but i m not sure how long it ll last before it breaks .
i seem to just run into random problems with this phone .
we sent it back and purchased a smaller one .
when i attempted to install the micro sd ,  i discovered that this is a used phone .
this was just too big for what i wanted .
i had to start over several times because of that .
i didn t like this product because it came broken .
i would have paid up to $ more for this bag to be made stronger .
too bad it doesn t taste as good as it smells .
in the daylight ,  the light output from the flare is barely noticeable .
it is drying ,  but that wears off for me after i wash it .
it is cheap ,  so if it does die ,  at least you won t lose too much .
the upper lid did not fit because the plastic fitting was a bit too big .
this charger just feels a little too light like there s no battery juice .
as for the concealer itself ,  it was okay .
they seem to get more excited over some i got from the dollar store .
it wasn t . thank goodness i had only purchased a sample pack of num_num instead of a full box .
at first i thought this would be great but it just has not worked well for me .
in this instance ,  the product does not work as described in a very important way .
however ,  you should pay more attention to the bad reviews than the good ones .
to me it wasn t worth the num_num dollars i paid for it on ebay .
the problem with this device is that i wasn t able to fully plug anything num_extend into it .
i would spend more money to get a product that works .
there were no problems with the actual item that affected there use .
i was looking for a discrete bt earphone that worked ok .
out all of them i stil have the usb coed that i periodically use .
so ,  don t turn up the radio too loud .
on low ,  the pot is simply too hot .
this pan ,  however ,  is not !  everything sticks to it .
i have had the camera for num_num years and i have gotten the eject the cassette problem .
i m using a num_extend ibook with os x .
when i put it on my phone ,  the lip that goes around the front of the phone was uneven .
i purchased this product for my father from a different source ,  but the exact same model .
you have to push the keys ,  not just touch them .
i use a light laundry detergent and don t leave them in the washer so it can t be that .
i mean virtually gone !  i am not  hard  on shoes .
very cheaply made and it s really small ,  i would not recommend it .
well ,  it is somewhat better ,  but no way is it truly water repellent .
looking to buy something designed specifically for my phone that doesn t have a screen protector now .
yea its cheap and it appears it might work ,  but really it doesn t .
i chose this because it seemed to be better reviewed than the cheap cases in the same style .
i m going back to bd brand on my next order .
btw ,  gave it num_num star ,  cuz there s not a zero .
i returned the item and purchased another brand .
i guess i am somewhere between around an num_extend
it has parts that are scratched and damaged and the plates are held in by these flimsy little clips .
i sent these back as soon as i got them .
it s also too wide ,  or maybe it doesn t have enough of a cupped shape .
it was an interesting attempt at a convenient design ,  but in the end ,  it was flawed .
its still a pain to try to turn the knob to engage the lock .
may work for others but not for me .
the taste is a bit odd ,  to say the very least .
well ,  it didn t turn out to be what i expected .
after about num_num month of usage ,  it is broken today .
it s so cheap !  but i guess i got what i paid for .
now my head is larger but it s not that big .
i had my screen unprotected for longer than that with no scratches ,  so i don t know what gives .
i ve used this item both before and after the ipod .
i am giving my daughter a food processor next month .
the handles are the biggest drawback being very flimsy .
i had a hunch the low price for this gauge was too good to be true .
certain foods did not like being cut by these , used them for a couple years ,  before i decided enough already .
so this was the back up charger for the back up .
i repackaged it ,  and it is going back . total let down .
no luck ,  they recommended i exchange it for a new one .
the purple was less pigmented than the rust .
i ve had the num_num for about num_num months now .
i expected this to last longer than a year ,  despite its age .
unfortunately it does not fit my cell phone .
yesterday i tried it on room temp cream cheese for a frosting .
i got them for everyday ,  but they really are not comfortable .
this is one of the few negative reviews i have ever had to write on amazon .
i returned the item and got arkon num_extend
you almost need to vacuum first before using it .
the quality just isn t there find something else maybe thicker than this item .
when i originally purchased this the description said it was good for up to num_num pounds .
this had so many high reviews i wanted to try it ,  but it left me disappointed .
i had this case on iphone num_extend for nearly a year .
i have owned several otter box deffender brand cases this is too thick and bulky for the samsung num_extend
my original pyrex measuring cup was almost like hardened glass ,  almost chip resistant .
they provide a thin piece of convoluted foam and a chintzy ,  faux sheepskin elasticized cover .
i would not pay full price for this .
i was eager to try these head phones .
the handle is helpful when using this ,  but i would not buy this again .
i don t know exactly what i was expecting ,  but this seems a little skimpy for $
i purchased this for my toyota truck and my num_num gig ipod .
note the product description i ve pasted in below .
also ,  the feet on the bottom of the mount don t protrude far enough out to hold onto this phone .
i just bought this model and used it for only two times .
not a big loss though as it was cheap .
i have only used it a couple of times on two different cars and i think that .
i have been using this product for about num_num years .
these don t scream dorky but if you look closely that s what they whisper .
didn t take long for my dog to chew through it .
however ,  i cannot recommend it because of the lid .
i had no issue winding up my brand new num_extend num_num gauge cable onto this reel .
at close inspection ,  you can tell they are plastic and cheap plastic at that .
i didn t care for it and would not recommend it ,  to be blunt .
it was cheap but if my phone were to fall it would slip right out of this case .
i had to turn it around and snap it then turn it back .
the suction cups still works but overall the design of this battery pack does not suit the nano .
i bought this one at a local store ,  but am shopping on amazon for a replacement .
when i did get the device working properly it did work ok ,  but i would suggest saving your money .
it s useless to me and i m glad it was a gift .
the plates are very small and do not heat up like a full size croc .
i m fine with it lasting only num_num months .
these batteries do not fit the cell phone they are advertised for .
the phone then slots into the side holders and slides up to the top holder ,  no problem .
because of the cheap design of the mount ,  it can only be oriented  mounted  one way .
i had to unplug the computer and start it up again to get function .
in other words ,  they may be less expensive ,  but are actually more expensive in the long run .
i m saying this after receiving many dozen of them so this is not a one bad run deal .
good grief ,  one expects products to get better over the years ,  not worse .
not in my chosen colour  meringue  ,  but in glossy white .
i keep it under the sink in the bathroom and pull it out to weigh myself .
so i don t know i read a lot of good reviews but for me it just didn t work .
it only lasted a few months . i bought one more .
my other spatula that s the same size has a wooden handle ,  so it s a pain .
this case is extremely difficult to put on and take off .
luckily ,  we use dawndishwashing liquid and that s the only thing that takes thestink out of our hands immediately .
but i don t think this spatula is worth the $ i paid for it .
i do not have an extra wide butt by any means .
it does not keep the water away from the drain ,  so the tub never gets any deeper .
the should have a larger size ,  that would be better rather than one size .
if you want a small touch screen gps then look at the tom tom go .
i ordered this to go with my barnett quad num_extend
this toy is num_extend in diameter and num_extend in height .
maybe i ll try them again in a few months .
but the price point is too low to make anything of quality .
i have also changed to a motorola phone and it doensnt read it either .
i m glad i only received one serving of this for review .
it also only worked for a couple of months .
for the number of times i used this ,  it isn t worth any price .
i think it might be due to how hot it gets or just because it s crap .
i m afraid to plug this thing up to my iphone num_extend
i bought these thinking they would be very warm ,  but are not really anything too special .
but it wasn t cheap ,  so i really may go through ll the trouble !  .
risky leaving phone there ,  and it sticks out annoyingly . enough for now .
i would advise spending more money to get a better pack .
lately i seem to need to do this more often .
not bad tea ,  just not a good tea .
i have had this phone for only two months and i am now unable to use it .
i got it on sale ,  but it was not even worth the sale price .
now i know the reason for this ,  but this is a little too short .
guess i will spend the $ next time for the real thing .
i didn t think there would be a difference .
on one hand ,  these are cheap little routers .
you should only have to pay for features . i ve tested plantronics num_extend num_extend
it also gets extremely hot ,  which leaves me to believe that the heat is what burns out the amp .
splurge the few more dollars and get a better one .
the bottle is small and num_num squirts per use will last about num_num weeks .
i needed an option to connect my phone to my car stereo .
i only use it now to charge my ipad .
this product  pours  out of the pouch almost like a soup .
you don t have to change out the water in the bowl as frequently as a still standing bowl .
but they sound nothing like what they are supposed to sound like .
i can not say for sure if it will work or not .
i m sorry i bought this product and i am looking for a better glass measuring cup .
i haven t had much luck with this product .
i ended up having to order a new one and forgot about it .
furthermore ,  these apricots are not really dried; they are really soft and mushy .
it seems to work for a lot of people ,  but it did not work for me .
consequently when you set it on the bottom of a pan of hot food ,  it sits there and cavitates .
first ,  they re almost too large unless you re packing larger items or a whole bunch of items in each .
perhaps on shaggier rugs the brush would pull up more fur .
i guess it is because of the length of the adapter .
because the price was so little it is not worth the cost to exchange or return .
you can see a small amount of red light but not enough to be at all useful .
i m about ready to get a knife and cut it off .
this product ,  however ,  did not meet with their usually high standards .
i think the carpet got dirty faster after using it .
i sent it back and will purchase another one designed more like a hammer .
wasn t hard and was very disappointed in this product .
all the pressurizing and releasing pressure and then it just dribbles and has very little  and very uneven  spray .
i ve had this for a couple of years and it s wasted a lot of my time since then .
it hasn t been any better than plain water at cleaning for me .
i recieved an adapter that was missing the plug part ,  like what comes with a laptop .
i gave it num_num stars because when i needed it i was glad to have it ,  but just barely .
i bought num_num more bra s along with this one .
i was very interested in having popcorn without all of the chemical additives in microwave products .
it s also cheap ,  thin plastic that if dropped would very likely crack or break .
it s a plastic box with a cardboard insert .
like another reviewer posted ,  the cable seems pretty cheaply made .
the fryer is very small ,  so as you cook subsequent batches ,  the previous batches gets cold .
this is greasy and does not sink into skin like shea butter should .
however ,  i have some issues with this case .
this was a great idea ,  but poor product .
i anticipated the arrival of this product ,  but was quite disappointed when i tried it .
menstruating women also get iron from food and may need to supplement only a fraction of dv ,  e . g .
i returned this unit and ordered a replacement beaker as i had originally intended; sadder but wiser .
even though they re nice and cheap ,  they still just don t cut it compared to the other models .
for about the same price ,  you could get better tasting fresher beans from a cafe or natural foods store .
unfortunately ,  this one is quite stiff ,  but not thicker .
the case does not fit my phone well .
since i ordered a num_extend i was obviously satisfied with my first two bottles .
though it accomodates my casio exilim camera ,  it looks cheap .
it has come on very quickly after inserting a discharged set of aaa batteries .
i think the price ,  $ is too much for this because it looks cheap .
it is the only thing that has worked for me .
never been able to do that with another headset .
i wish i had read some of these reviews before i purchased .
we have passed these two items to folks who do have micro usb phones to use in their autos .
even if i could connect ,  this is big ,  bulky and ugly .
i do not want to end up breaking it ,  and wasting the money i paid on this product .
i used this product for over a year with no gain ,  no added thickness ,  no difference at all .
they need some type of seem or stitching .
like an idiot i bought another one from the same brand .
i am an iphone num_extend to evo num_extend convert .
if i wanted to drink fruit juice ,  i would drink fruit juice .
i m only a shade or two darker and that s it .
my battery was definitely an old and very used battery .
i am a newb at cell phones ,  so at least it really did not cost me much .
i liked the shoes ,  but when i put them on they were obviously not a correct size num_extend
the look of the product was nice but the fit and sound quality were mediocre .
i purchased an num_extend num_extend in num_num as a backup ,  and just installed it this week .
there goes $ over my kitchen counter with coffee and coffee grinds .
there really isn t a lot to say here .
between hulless popcorn and other popcorns ,  such as orville s ,  i can t really tell a difference .
if it doesn t have a clean line of sight from it to the phone ,  the signal cuts out .
not only was the sound quality horrible on each of them ,  the reliability of that technology just isn t there .
i m just glad i didn t pay for the expensive ones !  .
graphics aren t as good ,  but it s not graphics i m paying for .
i am small and have very small hands .
it is all stainless steel except for the black plastic parts .
not for me ,  for this type of accessory ,  it is better to go and see it before buying .
i wish i had read the reviews more closely .
i ve used cast iron in the past and this thing is lacking .
i could have gotten few $ cheaper at different site .
after reading reviews and watching youtube videos on this i was so excited to try it out .
sound was great when i got it but it just did not last .
this worked fine when it did work ,  but the leaking that started made it too messy to use .
use a duel charger instead with two separate cables .
i m not at all impressed with this product and don t recommend it .
it is also very difficult to remove once it dries .
it s not very functional when i can t keep it plugged in !  .
the texture was weird ,  and hard to chew ,  and the flavors left a lot to be desired .
i use this to store cat food cans .
i also highly doubt you d want to plug in the cord and then attach the touchstone .
one thing i did notice was that if you don t use the screen protector that comes with the case .
the headphones have no bass ,  don t go loud ,  and are uncomfortable .
i d been looking for one of these for a while now ,  mostly here on amazon .
hah . when i saw the price of this thing brand new ,  i was thrown back .
they worked fine ,  but i bought them as an item of convenience ,  and they were a mess .
all in all i bought another case and wouldn t suggest this case .
i mixed it as directed with num_extend num_extend oz  of hot water .
coleman products are almost always great ,  but this is not one of them .
the brush is not spinning even though the cleaner belt is fine  i replaced it anyway  .
these are pretty cheap and certainly not worth more than $ to $ bucks .
after trying it on ,  it lasted about num_num minutes before it started to crease .
yes ,  i know starbucks coffee is strong ,  but this is a nasty strong vanilla taste .
there is a protection ,  but even protection is not enough .
it should clearly state that this is instant coffee .
i can now go out and buy another automatic coffeemaker with a thermal carafe .
broke almost as soon as i purchased it .
unfortunately ,  for me they are not true to size .
i have been using brita pitchers for almost num_num years ,  and have used quite a few different ones .
spend a couple extra dollars and get something else .
much too sharp and even though i used it with mirror ,  i accidentally touched eye .
this lala loopsie has been sitting in the backseat of my car since dec .
the problem with it is its just plain cheap .
the last one of these i bought only lasted about num_num months and then the motor burned out .
so not only are they too tight ,  they are not symetrically too tight .
that s okay ,  i just wanted something which would fit the size bread i like .
the controls are ok ,  but the graphics are num_extend graphics .
ok ,  maybe not ,  but it s big and heavy and seems to get in the way whenever i use it .
the app store is run off the phone ,  downloaded from the phone as well .
so this brand is not consistent in quality .
i have over num_num different email accounts such as yahoo ,  rocketmail ,  ymail and gmails .
i can t get the blades to rotate as they should .
then i tried to use it in at work like i do my benchamde .
this product is not an airbake ultra; it is an airbake natural surface .
i ve only had it for a day ,  but will update this should my thoughts change .
it is hard to keep paired with both phones .
in short ,  i m your ideal baconnaise consumer and when i heard this product existed i was in disbelief .
i fully charged it ,  and the mpow just stopped working .
i ve had the product for a couple days now and i am not sure i am keeping it .
i m returning mine and splurging on another rosle .
i thought it was charging my phone when i saw the battery icon change to the charging icon .
this item isn t as deep as it looks .
okay ,  i can set the timer to turn the potatoes several times .
i don t feel that this product does what it promises to do .
i purchase two of these for my iphone ,  since my current case was somewhat old .
i have owned samsung products in the past and they never have released anything as poorly built as this .
this product did not work out of the box .
if i buy another ,  i will choose something of better quality .
once i did it worked great for about a week but it kept falling apart .
plus it s heavy .  .  . very heavy ,  which i should have guessed since it s all metal .
while it worked it was also somewhat of problem cleaning the heating element  it rusted  .
i should have rad the reviews before i purchased this one .
it seems to help somewhat ,  but i have a hard time putting it on correctly .
the system is not difficult ,  but sluggish and cheap .
i like it has zero sugars  , fat carbs ,  but does it have to taste so bad .
no ,  i m not bashing the product because i can t return it .
thought i would save the $ and buy this set .
what else can i say  ?  this product is bad period .
other than that ,  the textures are off ,  not horrendous ,  but nothing special .
i really never had a problem with that .
i bought it within num_num months ago and i barely used it too .
i tried a different outlet and then i tried the usb port on my laptop .
i saw that it was very cheap to order ,  so i bought one as a back up .
if you are use valve caps ,  they will fit once the valve is screwed back down .
i am a size num_num to num_num if that helps .
although its inexpensive it is not worth your money .
i heard that the cord material was good before they changed it in february num_extend
i haven t misused it ,  dropped it ,  put it in cold water while it s hot ,  or anything like that .
i d send it back if it wouldn t cost more in shipping than this is worth .
i used it twice and then gave it away .
so ,  i returned it to  a local store  for a replacement .
guess i will be saving these for anyone else that needs them .
the pan is not actually num_num inch ,  at least not the inside of it .
also ,  the underlying material is no longer leather ,  but a psuedo leather of some sort .
i did some research online ,  here at amazon before purchasing .
i now just pay the money and get my knives sharpened every six months or so .
from your phone and transfer it to your computer .
i am not thrilled with the holster design ,  but it might be ok .
but if you like smooth ,  soft sheets you will probably not be happy with these .
the volumn of the faint white noise is not significantly affected by the volumn control .
i had the charger for less than num_num weeks .
putting this case on just one time scratched the metal sides of my iphone .
they do not indicate that it is not pure in product description . am very disappointed .
i bought this grinder to grind up spent grain  from beer making  to use in bread .
i cannot imagine that it will last for more than a few months .
for reference ,  i am a num_extend and ordered a small .
but when you try to listen to num_extend or regular cds while walking ,  it skips alot .
and that is why i give it only num_num stars .
this is not a samsung oem cable ,  definitely a cheap knock off made in china .
but in my humble opinion it is not even as good as dippty do and far more expensive .
i ve only tried it twice ,  and i m not sure i used it as directed .
kinda defeated the purpose of this product for me .
i had a higher hopes for this product .
also the key will often be very hard to remove after locking or unlocking .
the red light turns off after being plugged in for num_num second .
it s okay ,  but not nearly what the zagg protection is .
although ,  that really wouldn t say much for the product ,  either .
only problem is ,  you can t sync if you re charging .
the only problem with that is the that it cooks too hot .
i suspected it was too good to be true and it meets all the other one star reviews .
much to my surprise and disbelief ,  it was nothing like i remember .
i was highly dissapointed when i received this today .
i assumed the battery was dead and bought a new battery .
i felt compelled to write this review based on my bizarre experience with this product .
these are really too small to do any good .
either the product i have is defective ,  or the product itself is generally poor .
somehow ,  it even seems to take longer to heat the water than my revere kettle did .
the case is ok but the screen needs to be protected .
it pops off easily and made of a very cheap material .
so i m only giving it num_num stars for now and i m going to come back and rate again .
i ordered two colors ,  both came damaged in one form or another .
i have ,  for a very long time ,  wanted a wireless earbud set .
i have hard floor throughout the entire house both ceramic tile and laminate wood .
it s been sturdy but the overall performance is cumbersome and time consuming not to mention frustrating .
i would invest your money in batteries instead of this adapter .
rf just isn t like that . thanks to amazon ,  returning it was easy .
looks like from other reviews that the product has been changed .
i ordered this product based on price and i guess you get what you pay for it .
i caught several of the other reviews on this item that also indicated instant or premature death .
it looks awesome ,  it just plays like crap .
if you do not like obvious short loop recordings ,  and want clear water sounds ,  look elsewhere .
i was very disappointed when i received this in the mail .
but for most of the products i buy that is not my experience .
if you want to charge a cell phone ,  an ipad ,  etc .
i wish i had given that review a second thought .
this was so small that i could not wear it at all .
in the office we have the typical array of other electronic devices .
price is low ,  but that just says the quality is poor .
i ended up mickey mousing another older cable until i get a better cable .
while this product wasn t awful ,  it was rather disappointing .
this item is described as num_num on the site .
it did not taste objectionable .  .  . it just did not taste like much of anything .
this does not let me use a num_extend mm headset .
when you screw the lid on and off ,  small metallic shavings come off from the threaded areas .
and maybe that should protect against some drops .
it isn t as creaming as i had also hoped .
i agree with other reviewers that said the product was fine but that the packaging sucked .
you get num_num cups of mix per box .
prior batteries that i purchased lasted for num_num year or more .
i think i ll give the rest to people as gag gifts .
while i have had no problems with it fitting into the battery slot ,  it seems that others have .
doesn t stay on even if you figure out how to get it on .
it is not very exfoliating as there is very little grit in it .
it worked fine for my purposes ,  but if you want something that looks real ,  this is not it .
i have to take the phone out of the case and at that it just barely fits .
yes i updated firmware ,  but it doesn t help .
it is hard to handle the phone with cover coming off .
if you use filtered coffee ,  consider another grinder .
it was very difficult to undo and fasten .
this case didn t fit my phone as well as it should have .
the signal must be very small or non existent .
i brewed this using the measurement directions on the package ,  using a drip coffee makeer .
couldn t wait to get it out of the box .
the material is so rough i feel i could use them to hand scrub heavily stained pots and pans .
these are large and not what i was expecting .
the other brand had the same features and cost $ less than the sony which i bought on sale .
it also does not get hot enough to grill quickly .
so broke that we couldn t use it anymore .
it s nicely built but disappointing that it broke so quickly .
let me explain why . first these headphones to me don t fit in my ears well ,  even with the various tips .
inside the canister was another canister  a metal canister  .
i think maybe the design is not thought out well .
these oggi glasses are not at all of the same quality .
this time they were nicer about agreeing to send me a replacement .
payed little for it but wouldnt recommend for others to buy .
and guess what ?  it also smells like nail polish ,  is applied like nail polish ,  and dries like nail polish .
but i noticed the power connection for the device was loose and sometimes came out on its own .
good headphones ,  but they only lasted num_num weeks .
after about a month of using this headset  was great at first  ,  i now hear clicking and static .
big disappointment . amazon did replace this item very quickly at their expense .
the second unit worked well for a few weeks ,  but then stopped working .
i have owned these headphones for num_num years under limited use .
it may be cheap ,  but still not worth the price .
that s it !  no aiming at all !  just pushing a button .
that s when i ordered mine  when it cost a lot more  .
i should have realized by a few of the reviews .
i was hoping it would be hot pink ,  it s not .
the other battery pack holds about num_num minutes for a full charge .
i made the mistake of buying two of these .
i would look around a bit to see if there is a better product .
i would have preferred velcro or something similar to secure the straps around you .
i bought num_num packs for me and my sister to have .
this product functions properly ,  however it didn t work on my dog .
they need make it where it last longer than it should .
only to find out that % of my earrings didnt go in this .
it is barely wide enough to cover my phone .
glad this was inexpensive ,  it was not worth the hassle to return ,  i gave it away .
i tried this and i don t like it .
so if you do not have the battery pack i would not purchase this product .
if you re like me you expected much more from this one .
i wish i had read all the reviews .
when i got it ,  it was not what i ordered .
i don t like it for that reason alone .
i want a case to protect an expensive phone when it s being carried in a purse or backpack .
so .  .  . thought i d get a replacement as it was only $
they re a bit cheaper ,  but i had to buy multiple so they end up costing more .
i purchased this because of the big num_extend sticker which claimed to double my signal strength .
this is not a styling product i would buy for me .
i was disappointed in how cheap this product is .
not very responsive and the tip is a tad too soft even when you just glide it gently across .
averaging it out ,  it s less than num_num stars .
its not bad for the money ,  but dont expect this to be an awesome product .
at first this looked like a great deal ,  but now i realize this is severely overpriced .
we had an iphone num_extend case that did the same thing .
it s too bad too because a lot of the products are good .
my recommendation would be to find another product .
i cannot believe i bought this after reading reviews stating exactly that .
i bought num_num of them because they were cheap but have no use for either .
unless i wanted to pay full price ,  of course .
i didn t realize how much i rely on a curved strap for weight distribution when carrying heavy loads .
it was very difficult getting the battery out because it has swelled up and burst .
i was completely shocked when i received this piece of garbage through the mail .
i only need one wash ,  no repeat ,  just like it says on the label .
what a shame that the price increased so much .
oh ,  one more thing :  those parts are a stainless stell finish .
three of the tools are no broken after one use .
i ended up using it for spare parts when i needed to fix other things .
i bought this because of all the good reviews ,  and it s name ,  it did not live up to either .
after i installed it my phone was having difficulties hanging up my phone during a conversation .
very poorly made ,  but look at the price .
this is not about price itself ,  it s about value .
but it gets clogged frequently and must be taken apart to be brushed clean .
used it for over a month with no noticeable difference .
it is by no means worth the price i paid .
but ,  as i m sure you ve seen ,  the dongle connects to a bulky round disc which houses the charging system .
i tried downloading and installing the latest firmware ,  and that didn t work either .
however ,  this was not upto the quality that i expected .
it took almost two weeks to receive item .
it s not that i don t like the product ,  it s just not what i expected it to be .
for night use ,  there should be a  blue  option .
so i m not sure how long these actually work for before they die .
the batteries today just cannot power such a powerful phone .
the product came like others said ,  scratched ,  shifted ,  etc .
this didn t work for me although i hoped it would .
i guess you get what you pay for .
thought i d save a few bucks and tried this .
the product came on time ,  but i m not happy with it .
i wish i had read this review before i bought it .
i spent $ on this popcorn and my husband used it once .
the slab of wood is also glued to the num_num red legs .
i m always a us size num_extend but these were too small for me .
save your money and buy a more reliable unit from another company .
buy locally and return the battery if it doesn t work .  .  .  . like this one .
this isn t uncommon ,  seeing that the body is made of plastic or whatever .
this item is a little hard to use as the dought sticks to the rough inner surface .
when package was received ,  the batteries would not fit in my phone ,  but not just that .
i can see these meals have a filler ,  where as rr s are loose pieces of meat in a gravy .
i put one of these on a few months back and it s already pretty beat up .
i purchased this knife in may of num_extend
luckily ,  we only needed it for a few days .
twice amazon sent me size num_num narrow ,  in a pewter like color .
or plug it into a powered usb port on your num_extend
i thought the first one was just defective so dummy me i bought another one .
i bought a cellphone thinking it was new but not so .
i tried adding water just in case i didn t have enough but to no avail .
in fact ,  it s loud for any room in the house .
i use it primarily for veggies ,  but have used it for chicken ,  fish ,  and bacon .
i trust sony products ,  but this one let me down .
so i ordered this one ,  thinking that it would be the same or similar .
it is just a hard plastic shapes with lumps .
i thought i was getting num_num cooking pans .
i am num_num inch tall num_extend sm  and it just hangs on me .
the glass is way cheap ,  i mean the quality ,  and feels i am looking through a straw .
nope ,  this is actually for the front of the phone where your screen is .
i tried with another batteries but it did not want to work . if you are looking for a goos part .
i had to turn to the phone s speaker system instead .
it is unusual for me to be dissatisfied with a purchase from amazon .
personally ,  i just like to make drip coffee from flavored beans .
i returned this and ordered a different brand .
i would not buy this again ,  but i cannot say it would not work in other circumstances .
the big one isn t even tall enough to sit in my utensil holder ,  with all my cooking spoons etc .
the cleanser was a little too harsh and caused my skin to itch .
maybe that will work for you but i won t buy them again .
my guess is ,  the product is just cheaply made .
i ve owned this vacuum for about num_num years now .
there s not enough clearance between the handle and the ground so that also adds to the clumsiness .
i have to agree . i can t imagine a worse version of this product .
i had to give it one star in order to write this review ,  but it isn t worth it .
i ve never had a problem like this with amazon . com purchases .
basically ,  you shake the sifter to strain the flour  or whatever through a sieve .
we replaced our food grinder after num_num years of hard use .
don t confuse the superior zassenhaus with an inferior ,  decorative box grinder sold here . this grinder is extremely loud .
around the end and the screen protector is circle on the end it not cut right .
there are better brews on the market and certainly better flavored brews .
i was hoping to save some money and decided to try this one .
i like my cheap $ spray bottle from walmart better .
if you re looking for multiple screen protectors look somewhere else .
i see nothing .  .  . no difference and its been over num_num months now .
i ordered num_extend and it was incredibly small .
this charger gave me num_num months of use before it stopped functioning .
i am disappointed and have not even used it yet .
don t compare megapixels ,  there is a difference in image quality between cameras of the same resolution .
it isn t impossible to turn on while it s in your ear ,  but it is num_extend
my advice is to spend a little more money and get a better product .
i ve had no issues with that in the past .
the only good thing about these sights was their brightness in total darkness which was excellent .
this is the num_extend extended life battery i ve gotten from this company .
after using more than num_num year ,  the battery power seems to be not as good as before .
these are not inexpensive headphones and wanted closed not open headphones .
if it holds two quarts ,  then it holds just barely that amount .
i m not even sure why i bought this .
after reading reviews on here ,  i thought they wouldn t be that bad .
the one i rteceived was defective and i returned it .
if you tune the headphones properly the sound is mediocre  average  and thats not always the result .
i have installed several screen protectors previously and never was advised to wait an .
considering its price ,  i would have expected it to last several years ,  not several months .
sounds like it should work great ,  but two things make it less than okay .
so since july ,  we have used it maybe a handful of times .
it gets too hot and is hard to handle without burning myself .
i also had a num_extend model by the same manufacturer and it had the same problems .
this item is not worth the money spent on it .
i ordered the wrong case for my phone .
i purchased this phone for my girlfriend ,  not myself ,  so this review is from num_extend
these glasses are so thin it is impossible not to break a few .
this little fan  works  but for how long ?  i can t believe how cheaply it is made .
moreover ,  on one earring ,  one of the clasps did not engage and the earring was not secure when worn .
the glasses i received do not look like the picture .
clearly it s not made as well as the previous models .
much to my dismay when i received it ,  the designs were different than those pictured .
i bought this signal booster so that the signal would reach num_num feet away from the transmitter .
my asthma has been bothering me lately ,  so i thought i d give dr .
i could use saran wrap as a better screen protector then these things .
i just bought another one ,  and it stopped charging after about three weeks .
the plastic is very cheap and breaks right out of the box .
these two things combined made for an unpleasant comfort experience . i have to consider this headset to be a failure .
so it s probably going to be fine if you just don t put them down hard on an angle ,  ever .
this didn t cost much ,  but you get what you pay for .
sometimes ,  it would lose connection while in use .
it is actually num_num mega bits ,  which is equal to num_num mega bytes .
that s a feature this model used to have ,  but no longer .
if i had that much time to charge the case ill charge my phone .
get a transmitter that connects to the bottom  dock connector  of your ipod instead .
my battery couldn t hold a charge within num_num months of the purchase .
since this one was so expensive and had such good reviews ,  i was hoping i d like it .
needless to say based on the reviews i was really excited to find this straightener .
i guess that goes to show you all batteries are not the same .
this product has a very short cord ,  i did not realize how short until i received it .
i see a lot of num_num and num_num star reviews on this game .
i do not understand all the raving reviews .
this is really not a poacher; it s more like making baked eggs .
the color is not even close to what it should be .
it looks elegant enough if you don t look too closely ,  but for me the cheap metal made it unacceptable .
first ,  while most coffee is packaged in num_num oz to num_extend bags ,  this one is only num_num oz .
after reading the reviews and seeing the price ,  i decided i really had nothing to worry about .
i do not wash it in the dishwasher ,  it is handwashed only .
i pulled it out recently to use it and it no longer works .
its very cheap compared to all the cases i have brought for the same price .
after running it for num_num months ,  i realized that one of the fan slowed down .
i feel like i just used soap and water .
i am dissapointed in this product and will not buy again .
i will use it until it fails ,  but given the price ,  this is a very disappointing product .
i originally purchased one of these batteries as an extra for my canon num_extend
the cookie was crumbly and the flavor was just lacking something .
so i am not too sure how can i rate this product .
it had changed the texture and look of the phone ,  plus it didn t seem to fit right .
my wife is num_extend and while she could get it on she could not comfortably wear it .
i usually wear a medium fit which was what i ordered but they are just to small .
but when i took the case off to clean it my phone was chipped .
i used it for num_num yrs  from num_num to num_extend
i was under the impretion that it was when i bought it but i was sadly mistaken .
and it was   .  .  .   in the store ,  on sale for   .  .  .   .
while a matte finish is fine ,  you don t want your hair to look dried out and dead .
afraid if i dropped my phone it wouldn t be much protection for it .
i am a slim man and they fit a bit too tight .
they are extremely cheap looking and seem shorter in the package than on the model .
i m going to try to order another and see if it works . the num_extend easy mount .
simply put ,  these were just the extra item for free shipping .
it s not horrible ,  but i d just go with the normal nylon brush in the future ,  for sure .
it would be better to get a more expensive device that works and that can be updated .
i had to pry the cap off with a knife .
totally blown away when i received num_num cellophane packages of maxwell house freeze dried coffee .
given the chance to do it again ,  i would pick another toaster .
also the earbud kept falling off when not in use .
i may try to copy and paste it on my next one considering i purchased num_extend
otherwise ,  i will just use the skillet for frying things other than eggs or pancakes ,  etc .
it is lighter ,  but is very poorly made .
if we shine a flashlight on them for quite a while they ll glow for maybe num_num minutes .
to me it had less flavor in general and wasn t as cheesy tasting as the regular version .
they are small ,  but that s not the problem .
the whole mess will just wipe right off   even if you don t clean it till the next day  .
other than that it would have to be num_extend
i was disappointed as i usually love their products .
but this has a bland taste with a slightly sour flavor .
this product did not work as well for me as it apparently has for so many .
put the phone into it ,  and let it charge just by laying it on the charging pad .
the case this comes with scratches my phone .
i decided to look at the product and try it rather than send it back .
i started to make cookies this year and when i turned it on it would only  click  .
i have bought this item previously from the same manufacturer but it s just not the same .
even after washing it with foam shampoo and water the residue is still there over a week later .
i don t write bad reviews but stay away from this item and possibly the seller .
you get what you pay for in this instance .
it does not come close to my expectations for the price .
i think that i expected a little more durability .
when this product showed up it looked used .
my son used his allowance for this purchase .
they are very heavy ,  you can t hold them still for any length of time .
the wireless technology on cheap speakers is not upto the mark .
neither has sugar or caffeine so i was excited about a flavorful drink .
you definitely get what you pay for with this poorly constructed phone case .
if the replacement doesn t work i will return and purchase an eheim jager .
i don t think i will buy these again .
the phone was delivered on time ,  but it seemed like a refurbished phone ,  because the side cover was loose .
i used it for a while ,  and didn t notice any difference .
i did not take it away right away because it still squeeked and looked okay .
the color and size are good ,  but the quality and ease of use are poor .
i was not happy with these cases  , i purchased num_num of them .
although it worked ,  sensor of phone  bottom left doesn t work well .
i cannot believe this is koss ,  i have owned numerous headphones by them but this is just sad .
however ,  when the sound is inferior to speakers costing much less ,  that is unforgivable . well ,  live and learn i guess !  .
with all the fantastic reviews ,  i thought i had found a toaster that could also cook small items .  .  . my mistake .
the coffee is not of good quality  or roasting  and is probably many months old .
i wore the product for lengthy periods and never felt any significant level of discomfort .
i don t know why i keep ordering this stuff .
just wasn t worth that heavy price tag for something that caused more frustration than fun .
this was suppose to be a upper end bluetooth .
it removes all traces of discoloring and there is no odor left behind .
this may not be a big deal for some .
these probably cost less than a dime to manufacture ,  i feel ripped off because of the price .
it s basically undrinkable as it is ,  and becomes just barely tolerable with a bit of milk added .
dry skin needs moisture not grease . further ,  it doesn t cover imperfections and dark circles as well as the old formula .
it is not that adhesive and creates bubble easily .
i bought this item two weeks ago ,  and it was not what i expected from it .
i d look for other similar products ,  i ve just started putting bags in my pocket .
i ve used this mixer about num_num times to make bread ,  rolls ,  and pizza dough .
the plastic seems fairly flimsy ,  and i am not sure whether it will survive really active play .
i don t know if the older version is made better or not .
they both use a wall charger  rather than disposal batteries  .
i have actually never had a bluetooth set that quite acts like these when it comes to echoing .
i am glad the case broke before my phone but after that i no longer trusted it .
will have to inspect products like this instore before buying .
although it uses a chipset and processor from three years ago ,  the phone is not slow in any measure .
i bought this based on reviews !  and it was a pricey mistake .
the stainless steel bottom shown in the illustration looked really neat ,  but the pot itself is plastic ,  not glass .
i will use it but wont buy again .
i wasn t happy at all with these headphones .
just tried this for the first time with my num_extend old .
overall it did what i needed but was in num_num pieces before i finished the job .
i thought it was a  coffee drink  as stated and expected it to be like a frappacino .
also they rusted almost instantly ,  which is kind of gross . but they work i guess .
the metal in this blade was not even really sufficient to get a good sharp edge .
i think i m just going to buy the one you hang from your review mirror .
if it s gonna be a nail brush it should be for under the nails as on top .
i was hopeful that it would be better ,  and the price was not that great .
i am not holding my breath ,  as i expect it to be longer .
it did this same thing for ice cream ,  too .
this had a rubbery feel and grip to the screen that i didn t like .
not sharp slow associated open and pretty small in my hand .
i thought it was going to last longer .
the picture does not make justice to the product .
once dried ,  it looks a lot more orange than anything .
it is made of cheap plastic and it does not flex so it just snaps free .
if that is your main issue with the bluetooth headsets ,  then this one is not for you .
this isn t rocket science !  i spent almost $ for this thing .
there are few choices except for this one .
hope i have saved someone else this same experience .
and it was a gift ,  so i did feel myself very bad .
it s all over in a matter of minutes seriously .
cheepo version that does not come close to the original .
when i wrote this review ,  it was almost $
they came with no problems with shipping or anything .
i am using the power cable from the netgear on my linksys and no issues resetting .
cheap ,  yes ,  but in this case you do get what you pay for and this is an inadequate tool .
it used to last much longer ,  and the color was better .
num_extend there is a gap on the top center of the the optional silicone outer case .
so i ve bumped the rating down to num_num stars from num_extend
this was not my first faulty product from this manufacturer .
the only reason i gave it num_num stars . oh well back to the drawing board .
another caveat i wasn t aware of was it is a made in china product .
i am sure it worked for some ,  just not for mine .
if it was $ it would deserve num_num star .
this thing is not going to keep your phone protected as well as a griffin .
i end up getting a lot of loose tea in my cup and floating in the pot .
i have other of their products that i like . there are so many other spf moisturizers without irritating ingredients .
i wish i would have read the reviews before buying this .
it just didn t have the appealing look or flavor to make me buy it .
not at all what i expected after reading reviews .
i had wanted a product like its description and am disappointed in it .
the case began to chip and peel a few days after i used it .
my feedback is not the same as that which convinced me to buy this product .
i like my teas plain and would prefer to add my own sweetener if i feel it s needed .
i ordered it a size larger in width and still ran too small .
first ,  you may need to adjust the arm .
i have gone through this same cycle num_num times now .
screen indicates that batteries are fully charged . ugh ! this one s going back !  .
toaster looks better but performs far worse than $ ones i ve had .
my old phone doesn t have a camera ,  and my old phone is not going to last forever .
also ,  the color doesn t seem to suit my skin tone very well .
i bought this for my husband and he did not get to use it .
it looks more translucent so i assume they made it thinner than what it use to be .
i ordered one of these batteries for my girlfriend s brand new htc evo num_extend
unlike many other bad reviews ,  mine say  cables to go  on them so i think they re legit .
these are cheap bb s ,  and num_extend will last a long time .
i regrert purchasing this ,  i even returned it .
it is entirely too small to fit the samsung galaxy num_extend
it might work for some ,  clearly not for everyone .
the only upside to this lamp ,  now that i ve had experience with other led lanterns ,  is the low price .
the price was very cheap ,  but now i see why .
i ended up having to make a hole for the earphone plug in .
there is nothing about this product which warrants that price tag .
and i have had it only a few months . buyer beware .
i ve gone to the considerable trouble to buy ,  on amazon ,  three different sound isolating earphones and compare the three .
my neck is always tense and she thought my temperpedic pillow could be the problem .
i m sure it works just not for any of my devices .
this case looks great ,  but misses the boat as far as functionality .
this is a cheap unit and it behaves that way .
wished i would have bought this a long time ago instead of wasting money on bottled water .
however ,  this phone barely does anything and is quite boring .
smartphones are a commodity now and there s not much point in a device like this ,  in my opinion .
sounded muffled when i would call a land line and a cell phone wasnt much better .
it looked and felt like a cheap case .  .  .  .  . really making the phone large and bulky .
the cover was too small and did not fit the sides of the phone .
it worked fine on my pc running windows xp home num_extend is no story .
was really expensive for no longer than i actually used it .
i would not recommend it to anyone unfortunately .
i even tried blending with lactose free vanilla ice cream and whipping it up into a frothy shake .
period . they do not work for full power while it is plugged into a host computer .
i really wanted to like this case ,  too .
i don t recommend that ,  unless sticky is your thing .
i gave a can of the chicken a ride in a food processor to make a chicken salad .
i have the need to drag my finger over this little gizmo s touchpad for its few boons because .
i can t get a clean draw with out the holster coming out with my beretta num_extend pistol .
one use and in the garbage can it goes .
it lasted about num_num days before it began to have problems .
i already wrote a review on this garbage but amazon didn t process it .
num_extend the inner plastic case is very hard to open .
well when i put it on ,  the color was a bit weird .
it is very cumbersome to wear and a little hard to keep together .
amazon gave me a full refund on this product .
ok it is now in the garbage can .
come on ,  i had an apc that lasted num_num years before the battery died .
i hope i don t damage the phone doing this .  .  .   .
i drink at least num_num cups of coffee per day and needed something to remove the surface stains .
these have a better mic then most headsets ,  but they just aren t durable enough .
i installed the battery ,  there s still % left .
this product sad to say does not really work .
i d expect a simple usb cable shouldn t last that short time .
i snapped it back together and tried again with the same result .
forget sunlight ,  this thing kaputs even in decent indoor lighting .
the carafe is so thin that it holds the heat for about num_num minutes tops .
this item did not quite look how i imagined it would .
the most irritating part is that the problems would have been easily fixable with a little bit of work .
i bought this case because it was very cheap .
the unfortunate thing is it takes a long .  .  . long time to heat up .
you only get one size and i d say i have average to small ear num_extend these only sound alright .
they buzz when noice canceling is turned on .
makes me wonder if these were really samsung or a fake .
the plastic is cheap and doesn t fit snug together .
it was pretty cheap so i can t complain .
then ,  it proceeded to wash and dry them .
i started looking into the product reviews and several users have similar experiences if not worse .
wasted money ,  ,  ,  just about any holster you buy comes with a case .
it is a thick ,  wooly fabric almost like an old flannel blanket .
i ordered this product thinking it would have arrived at the estimated ship date .
that really isn t a big problem ,  though i wish it could be fixed .
i first used this one time about num_num months ago .
okay ,  so you don t have to do this every day ,  but it s still annoying .
but the plastic is quite brittle and cannot tolerate much beyond that .
you use it to wash with ,  then you rinse it off ,  just like hundreds of similar other products .
we actually received num_num for our daughter last christmas .
i am owning an ique num_num right now ,  and this is the first gps that i own .
i suppose it ought to be made out of something sturdier than mesh .
the strap seemed too restrictive for my purposes .
try cutting small items  say ,  cucumber ,  carrots ,  etc  with multiple surfaces moving without cutting yourself .
i would give it a num_num star if inside of the hole is smooth .
don t waste your money ,  just spend a little more and buy another straightener worth your money .
i quit using it and bought a plantronics .
it also kept coming apart from the battery compartment ,  which i found annoying .
anyways after a couple months i kept finding my phone dead after charging .
in both cases ,  the strap caught on something while i was moving my arm ,  and it broke .
while i certainly wasn t expecting perfection for this price ,  this item was absolutely useless .
when it came it was not packaged well .
i went on line and read the reviews and although all were num_num star each one mentioned the odor .
i ve had this router now for little less than a year .
it feels like a disposable plastic cup ,  and the parts jangle loudly .
about a week later it suddenly stopped working .
this battery i received is no better than the old worn out battery i am trying to replace .
i got it back on ,  but it continued to randomly pop off .
it is just too damned big for me .
this unit did not work well with my phone .
i have to admit its a nicly built unit but its way too much for my num_num gal setup .
i proceeded to open my amazon box and inspect the contents .
problematic in the design of this coffee maker is the reusable filter setup .
i don t like having to turn on my bluetooth and drain the battery .
the height adjuster didn t lock in place right so i had to put screws in it .
i had to push the charger up more and then i leave it alone and it stops charging .
num_num of these were purchased and one arrived damaged .
i had already gone through a similar styled but much cheaper machine that had given mixed results .
it s inexpensive but just a bit too cheap .
these just don t stand up to the other headsets that are out there in their current price range .
no way a few pieces of inadequately formed plastic are worth just under $
just seems not sturdy enough for my phone .
i tried to make it fit but no go .
the popcorn comes out so dry it is like eating styrofoam .
i started it again thinking maybe i just need to get use to it .
the first time i used it was on a num_extend lodge fry pan .
i put it on the fake nails and on my real nails .
don t get me wrong ,  it s a nice color ,  just not the one i was hoping for .
i ll probably buy again but if i do and there s no seal it will be the last time .
this has a cheap flavor ,  and i could definitely taste a powdered chalky taste with a bitter aftertaste .
you buy a cheap case ,  you re going to get cheap case quality .
the music is so bad that it s almost a good thing .
at first ,  i thought i had a faulty unit .
anyhow the num_extend has a num_num sec timer so i guess i ll just use that .
no removable container means that you have to somehow move the ground coffee to your maker .
twice now ,  i have attempted to make a bean soup with these beans .
maybe it will work for you but i would not recommend .
too flimsy should make a bit firmer to be efficient .
this iphone num_extend num_extend clear screen would not stick to my phone at all .
don t like the clip on to belt attachment .
looks like a lot of people really like this product ,  but this one isn t for me .
it is not coated with the light reflects and refracts so easily .
maybe i got an old one ?  ?  anyway ,  won t bother to buy this again .
it s my fave phone and i ve had num_extend num_extend global ,  and droid num_extend as far as smartphones go .
ear buds are big ,  no cushions and hard to keep in your ears .
its rubbery ,  fits too loosely around the phone .
this brush seemed no different than other brushes i have used .
i am num_extend and this pack was just way to small for me .
maybe try another color because i have bought many cases and not had an issue like this before .
however could only put the front cover on because the phone would not fit into my case with both .
these headphones knock out perhaps half the engine noise .
it is also hard to get out of the bottle .
bought it for my recurve and it was flimsy and just not a good product .
it is disappointing because it was a great looking case .
though ,  for a pc game ,  there is no excuse not to have mouse support .
my new puppy could not be less interested in these treats .
i saw them at different stores like jcpenney for way less .
supposedly this unit  which i otherwise like  is compatible with the iphone num_extend
less will go a lot further ,  so you really won t spend much more for a vastly better product .
i only washed by hand and i start to see rust on the handle after num_num use .
if you drink it all in one go ,  it s really not that bad .
i was hoping to use it for quick pet hair pick up but it is really weak for that .
i was silly to think there was a better product .
i ve been drinking peets coffee for num_extend years .
nothing remarkable nor disappointing ,  simply an average toy .
the snapea crisps were interesting but not as bad as i thought they would be .
there are better products out there for almost the same price .
one charger didn t work and the other  the car one  fell apart soon after i bought it .
both of the canisters were opened at the same time and stored in the same cabinet .
it didn t work for me so i don t recommend it .
this antenna works ,  but no better than the  in the box  wire fm antenna that came with my receiver .
i imagine that many people like this product ,  but i do not .
don t know if it is the battery ,  or the ups itself .
they went on easily enough with no air bubbles and you can t even tell it s on the screen .
i ordered this case just before i got my new iphone num_num based on mostly positive reviews .
i give them num_num stars only because the color and the shape were right .
i didn t realize from the picture that this thermometer is only about num_num inches long .
this is ok but just wasnt what i hoped it would be .
you d have to be stir crazy to waste your money on this cheap machine .
it s too glossy and restricts the view of the screen .
i think it gets about num_num hours per charge  minus the % when it automatically goes to sleep  .
most of the gloria jeans coffees i ve tried do not meet my coffee expectations .
when trimming up the back of my neck it tore up my skin .
i gave it one star only because i have to actually rate it ,  but it doesn t even deserve that .
so i read the reviews on amazon and assumed that maybe i was using too much product .
how are you supposed to know whether somethingworks or not ,  unless you do try it out .
my suggestion ,  locate the stylus that will produce lines the width of a number num_num pencil .
but i plugged them into my computer ,  my num_extend my ipod ,  my stereo system .
real stainless steel is supposed to not rust .
this mascara washes off easily with plain water .
i thought i would use it to protect my lens but i get glares ,  specially when shooting around light .
around where the rear pockets are sewed at the corners .
it is not sharp  didn t expect it to be ,  just thought i d point it out  .
i can get a seal about one out of five times that does not instantly deflate my tire .
i wanted them for eggs and hot cakes .
overall ,  i m disappointed and will not be purchasing these again in the future .
the company suggests using alkaline batteries  not longer lasting lithium  .
several other smartphones support ,  but the num_extend doesn t .
also ,  it doesn t dissolve properly ,  and the temperature of the water you add doesn t seem to make much difference .
so i am not able to recommend this product .
i was happy when i received it in the mail ,  but after using for num_num days ,  it broke .
i wanted something small just for my phone ,  id and money that i could use hands free .
that s what i am now going to do .
it s a good thing that i didn t pay a whole lot for this stuff ,  as it s useless .
the num_num min recodring is not usable as the sound quality is tooo poor .
it can handle tv dinners ,  frozen fries ,  frozen flat chicken .  .  . anything flat .
i have been using this for a few weeks and have not noticed any difference in my lashes .
it s not a product i would buy again .
i looked at the reviews and thought i would try this .
not acceptable in a knife that is touted as being  one handed  .
i can t afford to constantly drop my phone on the ground .
they do contain corn which i didn t notice till now too .
the colours were also slightly darker than in the picture .
but they are not made in the usa ,  they are made in china .
it will kick dirt and debris around all over the place though .
i don t know why this has such inflated reviews .
i have had this brush for a few months and i was using it every day .
the hose is slightly too big to make a secure connection and it easily dislodges .
i got the package in and it had a box cutter cut in it that ruined the case .
it looks cute but it is not durable .
so no ,  i do not recommend this gizmo .
the connectors are identical on my old cable and this new cable .
never again ,  and i bought two of these .
much too large even for my num_num qt pot .
i felt i wasted my money on this product .
i have dry skin in colder weather and need extra moisture .
first of all ,  the monitor is not good as an everyday display workhorse .
im num_num years and i have a child ,  so i ordered model num_extend
it is flimsy ,  poorly made ,  and not what i would expect from lee .
however the blade is so stiff through its entire range of motion that it s just a pain to use .
it doesn t have a bad taste ,  just not enough taste .
i m really glad amazon is not selling this anymore .
there is an odd taste to items i have baked .
initially ,  i tried to vacuum this up with an old eureka vacuum  my  downstairs  vacuum  .
unfortunately this coffee does not deliver the palette pleasing surprise other reviews implied .
i don t know if the other colors would be the same or not .
i didnt expect much from it but was expecting more than it gave .
some of them won t work at all ,  others don t work like they should .
not very appetizing or satisfying and i personally wouldn t spend any money on this product .
it never really impressed me as far as the perceived quality went .
i am not too enthused about this product .
it was easy to screw together and required zero tools .
you ll have to pay shipping cost which cost as much as the item .
i am not quite sure how i feel about this item yet .
i ve been putting screen protectors on since i had a palm pilot num_num years ago .
in that case ,  it might even improve the flavor of bad tap water .
the color screen ,  has a slow responce ,  is blurry and the the dark colors look fuzzy .
when my costco stock of this finally was used up ,  i made sure to replace with the same brand .
i commute to work which consists of taking num_num trains to the city everyday .
this thing is made of cheap materials ,  and didn t hold up well .
not expensive so no big loss ,  but i would not buy again .
i dont understand all these rave reviews for it .
i ve never had this problem with any other headphone .
it seems like its an overall good idea but it does not work .
when they arrived i was excited because they were just as pictured .
it kind of worked for about num_num week ,  and now it no longer works .
also ,  the coating on the spade does come off in the dishwasher .
i get bubbles and eventually just took it off .
it s defintely not worth what they re charging for it .
we use the old iphone as a backup for either of us and as an ipod .
i charged it for num_num hours and again the battery died after a few seconds .
i also don t like how the spray comes out with so much force .
i had to order another hydro heater which comes with the temperature adjuster on it .
flavor :  it is barely  spicy  ,  more sweet than num_extend
i suppose the price should ve been a little low for the quality .
i want to return it ,  but i still haven t tried it completely .
then we tried it again a little later and no go .
i am doubtful if i will buy this brand again .
they arrived quickly but did not work properly .
i realize they can be damaged by heat .
i virtually never have trouble with damaged goods .
the description said i was buying a new item .
if i let it go it would stop charging .
i used this for about eight months and the switch gave out .
it is also very hard to clean ,  still looks like there is food that will not come off .
if you like your seeds little and with little taste ,  these are for you .
the battery i recieved was totally dead and would not charge up .
the scooper that comes with is really small and flimsy .
however ,  it is too soapy for me and suds up a bit .
looks like the material won t last that long .
these phone protectors are ok but kind of suck .
i can t say this is a bad product but for me it was not high enough .
that s about it however . i would also look at other reviews .
cover for the batteries does not lock or is very loose however you look at .
however ,  now the headset just died .  .  . after num_num months .
i wonder howing the glossy chrome look would last ?  .
the problem seems to be that the locking keys bend .
seems to be a little harsh on the skin even though the exfoliating texture is light .
this cover is so thick that the touch screen does not work after it is put on .
i ve checked other recharge batteries and get a full charge .
the picture of the product makes these look very plush but they are not .
i found this coffee to be bitter ,  somewhat stale ,  and it just wasn t good .
it turns out ,  that it is not that great .
this stuff is sooooo small , the fish cant even see it .
as it is ,  i can t recommend this flavorless soup .
i purchased this to replace my older model of this same brand since the magnetic thing broke .
luckly i didn t pay too much for these .
it doesn t fit as well as i would have hoped .
only good thing about this product is that it has no fragrance and doesn t irritate my skin .
this screen protector made it too difficult to see the screen in daylight .
i have been using a covered litter box .
unlike other users ,  i ve had no problems with the phone breaking .
i put one on my wife s phone and the same thing .
i used num_num screen protectors but i could not apply them without bubbles or pealing shortly thereafter .
loved the removable grill plates ,  but food cooked unevenly  or not at all  and plate fasteners were flimsy .
i have a number of num_extend ethernet patch cables around my house .
any who ,  these are much thinner than regular lasagne noodles .
the attachment point looks to be cast metal .
isn t this the reason to call your product life proof ? i haven t damaged the product by accident or any other .
so now they just stay away and there s not a scratch mark on it .
i made sure the tub was bone dry .
i cannot stand bad crap ,  and i hate to give bad product reviews .
the case is too large and doesn t hold the phone very well at all .
my last retractable cord dryer had more heat settings than this one ,  so i do miss the old one .
it doesn t look like this one has it . it s basically a frying pan that puts grill marks on your food .
for $ i think you could find something better .
parts are of mediocre quality ,  and it isn t put together very well .
i am not sure why this crawl ball has so many positive reviews here on amazon .
the polish went on uneven and would not dry .
there is a rubber gasket between the glass cover and the metal rim .
i m on a diet where i m watching what i eat and limiting my sugar consumption .
i bought two ,  and i am sorry i did .
:   i do not like it sam i am .
the horizontal is ok .  my $ normal tv worked for num_num years without a problem .
it appeared to work the first few weeks and then i realized that i was breaking out more .
i was so looking forward to receiving this wallet .
the item arrived quickly ,  and the return was processed quickly .
too bad ,  because it would have been a great phone charger and holder had it worked .
the plastic material is very thin and flimsy .
i will continue to use it ,  i will just remove it before going off road .
i washed them in a dishwasher with many other things .
and i don t care if i ruin it . no more shuns .
i ll probably need to buy another one soon .
it is not very comfortable to use ,  i did not use it often ,  thus another junk in the house .
well guess what ,  i just received this product today and it is not a carrier .
pay the extra money and buy a better one !  .
like previous reviewers i was sucked in by the rave reviews and the thought of being more environmentally friendly .
i expected a sm amount of increased sweetness but not this over powering sugar .
large clumps of my hair started coming out in the shower after using this product .
if i can get the plug to take ,  i can charge my device .
plugged it in directly and works fine ,  so this was defective .
i thought the weight was looking a bit short .
today i wake up to this product not working along with it destroying my battery .
i have tried it a few times since and nothing .
i wasn t expecting these to sound as good as my big jbl speakers num_extend
first off ,  this isn t that bad of a machine .
given the number of good reviews out there ,  i hope i just got a bad batch .
if it would have clipped i would have used this item more on my phone .
had gotten used to the heavy  not as big though as this knife  gil hibben knives .
according to the size chart ,  this item should ve fit ,  but lo an behold it was tight and incredibly unflattering .
also ,  the case does not fit the phone well .
i m using a dell laptop with windows xp .
then it died and i bought a replacement .
this is only one dollar at through e . l . f online .  . or walmart .  .  . target .
fine ,  except needs batteries and plagued by small screen . palm num_extend ooh ,  expansion slot that you will probably never use .
customer service counts and this company sure is lacking .
it s more gray looking than in the photograph .
it is made of cheap plastic ,  and is not the most durable .
one is of the larger alligator lip intended to hold the unit to shelves ,  small pipes and the like .
this one doesn t have good audio over iphone num_num connections .
i originally purchased the deltran battery tender jr .
unfortunately ,  when i got it and tried to slide my phone into it ,  it wouldn t fit .
these headphones squeeze my head terribly ,  despite me having an average sized dome .
it s not set when coded to the cable button to use the cable favorites .
my old num_extend series was better all the way around .
i feel like i can t really rate this since the one i got was broken .
not as great as i had expected it to be .
not the quality i thought they would be .
there are others out there that are better .
it was a pain to fill and a pain to clean .
but i have only used each  to make sure the first wasn t a lemon  a couple of times .
it stopped working after num_num weeks ,  very frustrating .
i will post a follow up once the company contacts me and rectifies the problem .
also ,  it provides pretty much little if any actual protection for the iphone should it be dropped .
it was cheap ,  but i would expect to last a little longer .
it is just very ,  very flimsy and loose .
these dumb down the sound and do not feel like they  hug  your ears .
however ,  i have bought the black version of this and gave it num_num stars .
it has almost a fake shiny look to it .
but in the end ,  it just seems like a gimmick .
if you purchase this player ,  test it carefully before you throw away the packaging !  .
i ve had my braun num_num for num_num years .
although advertised to charge the ipad ,  this cable does not .
i m not sure if i got a defective one ,  but i ended up returning it .
$ wasted and a lot of counter space freed up .
make sure that you get the cable sold by amazon .
it looks more bulky and less inviting ,  than if i had no cover on it at all .
i did not use this timer very often after purchase .
other than that usage ,  the phone has been idle .
i couldn t believe it !  i was cool to look as while it lasted though .
the owners manual says   .  .  . any num_extend mm headset  ,  so that s what i bought .
i m giving this product a num_num star review .
i would expect this sort of quality from the $ store ,  not from amazon though !  !  .
maybe i need more time to get used to it ,  but the first time i used it ,  it crashed .
i understand the need for a spatula to be thin and flexible ,  but this one is too flexible .
the quality is very low ,  but the prices are way too high for the quality .
if you have ever had even a decent cheap rice cooker before ,  you ll be shocked at this product .
now this sony is battery operated only and costs about a third of the panasonic .
so i am not going to complain about the quality .
three other identical tripp units with paired num_extend replacement batteries kept working .
ordered this item in october num_extend as my original ibook power adapter had developed a short .
i wanted to like this ,  i really did .
i have no idea how this stuff has so many good reviews .
i bought num_num of these for myself and my son .
also it is now rusting which i find a bit odd in all stainless construction .
when expanded in that manner ,  the hose is quite hard and was not easy for me to maneuver .
the quality is okay ,  but the knife does not fit in the sheath very well .
it never charges my battery like its supposed to .
i have small hands ,  so there is no reason the fabric would be stressed .
well my num_num yr old black and decker toaster died .
have used product well over num_num times with nothing .
i cleaned it  as per spec .  :  anyhow ,  it wasn t particularly dirty .
i watched the bad reviews ,  but was hopeful because of some of the positive ones .
while i don t hate this protector ,  i probably wouldn t recommend it either .
but this batch doesn t want to melt into hot water or coffee .
unfortunately ,  it is not just the sound that one must use to judge a headphone .
mine wasn t stitched completely so my finger went all the way through .
i put in a full set ofnew batteries so that wasn t the problem .
normally i am not a cynical skeptic but this time i am .
if it were in a jar like the old dippty do it might work .
unfortunately ,  these pans are worth a few dollars at most . the pans are billed as nonstick .
i ve had it for a few weeks and never see them playing with it .
i found that too many kernels go unpopped for my liking .
i would not recommend these cheaply made gloves .
i bought two pairs for my kids ,  ages num_num and num_extend
i like cannisters for stair cleaning and bare floor to carpet transistions .
but when i received it ,  i was so disappointed .
the only positive is they fit pretty well but i wish i hadnt wasted my money .
sound clarity at the other end is bad .
i would power on and off a bit and then it would eventually return to normal .
believe it or not ,  there are some out there that aren t a mess to mix ,  apply ,  and wash out .
add weight to the cheese by placing a heavy object on the plate .
so you can t recharge battery num_num while you mow with battery num_extend
we needed a second one and this looked very similar .
i used it twice and both times my cookies lifted up from the pan with no problem .
this product is overpriced for what you are getting .
this light takes num_num aa batteries and still gives off a pretty dim light .
i have a samsung galaxy num_extend and nexus num_num crazzy .
i am not quite happy with the price .
there is all sorts of noise and crackles when trying to use this bluetooth headset .
i am using it up anyway due to its small size but i am annoyed it s not right .
cuisinart was good enough to send me a replacement .  .  . which also died a similar death after a few uses .
maybe it is not something i am in need but i would research them a bit before purchasing .
i guess that you get what you pay for .
i bought this charger and it didn t work .
if you intend it for indoors ,  it would work probably fine ,  but it still looks cheap for the price .
and figuring out the  simple  directions is a joke .
i tried vacuuming the dust out with the micro tool set on my vacuum cleaner .
it s clunky to move around ,  and when the bag approaches full it tends to tip over .
not my style and i did not like that this case was in two pieces .
i tried taking it apart and cleaning it ,  which i do quite regularly .
i thought i d like this tea but unfortunately ,  i was mistaken .
i have had this router for num_num months .
this is just a generic cable rather than belkin branded .
the flimsy cover that it comes with is not sufficient .
i used to drink two or three cans of this tea a day for many years .
it doesn t match the other red kitchen items i own .
it is very cheap ,  so really cant be upset .
i was gonna return the item but ordered an adapter instead .  .  . motorola earpiece with boom microphone .
will not get these againbut they did arrive on time and quickly and undamaged .
i like it ,  but it really is not safe .
i dropped my phone hopping out of my car  let s say a num_extend drop ?   and my screen shattered .
i thought it was just a glitch ,  so i turned it off and powered it back on .
in fact ,  it is so thin that is practically thread bare .
it took about num_num minutes to brew num_num cups .
there are scratches everywhere and the paint seems to be coming off on many areas .
i wish i had come here and read the reviews before buying .
i suppose i don t recommend against buying it ,  but i m not much of a fan of it either .
the num_extend one lasted less than a week .
is hard to use because of its size  it is also so small as to be hard to read .
the phone looks and feels cheap ,  like a kid s toy .
it might be % some type of butter but its not just shea butter .
and i was hoping that it was more of a hot pink and not so much of red .
there was a slightly sweet aftertaste ,  but not an unpleasant one ,  imo .
i returned it for a refund immediately with no issues .
this thing broke after the num_extend time i used it .
if you have a favorite hard candy ,  just use that  jelly ranchers ,  lollypops ,  etc  .
now they are hard plastic and i feel this is the reason these no longer work for me .
bought two different sizes ,  but on both pair ,  my thighs bulge out as if i m wearing yoga pants .
also ,  if you use a normal size coffee mug it splatters all over the counter .
needless to say ,  i returned it for a refund .
otherwise ,  look for a the thin stamped blade .
i realize most people like this product ,  but i found it nasty .
after using many times i see no difference at all .
i find myself still keeping the old wooden ones around as spares .
would not recommend buying this product ,  cheap ,  looks and stays dirty ,  difficult to clean .
i didn t mind the greasy feeling of it .
after mending it clumsily the motor runs but the band continues to come off the toy .
however ,  when it arrived ,  i noticed it was in a plastic container .
was going to buy until i read the reviews .
but ,  in order to accomplish that ,  the case skimps on protection .
i use it not just to make coffee and tea ,  but also instant oatmeal and instant mashed potatoes .
there is a market for oops type product but not at full price .
i ve had honeywell air purifiers in the past and not had a problem .
personally ,  i feel ripped off for having wasted money on this product .
i needed a new kvm + usb hub .
i replaced those batteries and had the same issue .
this seemed like a good deal ,  but it doesn t come with a pad .
only had it for a couple of months .
it is a lot more flimsy then it looks .
not sure if my unit was defective or just a horrible product .
the material seemed very cheap and coarse and it was itchy .
this was your ordinary chilled coffee and cream drink .
i feel like the shininess gives away the fact that it s made of a rather cheap material .
i could wipe them off ,  so i didn t mind too much .
while the sound is good ,  the fit is terrible .
first of all ,  i must admit that i was a bit mistaken as to the product .
i read and followed the installation instructions precisely ,  and i had a very similar experience .
i stopped using it after num_num weeks and started using another cleanser .
i guess for the price i shouldn t complain much but the glass on my top was not cut straight .
no longer works ,  there should be a better product out there .
the charger stopped working and broke shortly after i purchased it .
i read the negative reviews and thought they couldn t be that bad .
poor battery life num_num hours of very little use drains the battery .
those of us that don t have dvi plugs on our computer were given a dvi to usb adapter module .
i had to return it twice to finally get a unit in with the touch screen was calibrated properly .
the reviews here indicated that this product could stand up to washing ,  but apparently not .
i didn t try the battery because it s not worth turning my phone into a crappy looking toy .
i was down to this product  jabra sport  or the jaybird freedom bluetooth headphones to wear in the gym .
it seems more like a dollar store toy than the $ i paid .
not sure how i feel about the product .
the race car itself was quick to take out of the box and start using ,  no assembly required .
the blade should of been razor sharp when i received it .
digital becomes very noisy ,  fast . otherwise ,  num_num seconds is plenty long exposure for whatever you re going to use .
i guess for eight bucks ,  it is what it is .
if i tighten the band so it won t twist it is too uncomfortable .
only thing nice about the kit is the diamond pen to sharpen serated blades and gut hooks .
i liked this nice looking coffee maker while it worked ,  but now i am very disappointed .
these were awesome for the first num_num months and then they started to scratch when i washed them .
bought to transfer photos out of my samsung phone .
please note that i don t use a cheapy iron .
broke the second time i put my phone into it .
unfortunately i was fooled by the good reviews and place an order .
i tried a old one and it worked but thats not what i needed .
this type of grind is typically used in espresso machines ,  not drip coffee makers .
i have had this razor for num_num months now .
the usb is too loose when i plug in the cable .
this item had much promise ,  however after trying it on i was unimpressed .
i received this item and could not wait to use it .
i was deeply dissappointed in the strong artificial vanilla smell and taste when i brewed this coffee .
i bought for a sig num_extend and had to use the larger mount .
insert your usb charger at the side of mhl num_extend
to save some money on postage ,  i ordered two .
i couldn t get past the poor quality of sound and i m fairly tolerant of low quality earbuds and headsets .
this may be ok for extending the use of a remote control ,  but did nt meet my needs .
it lasted me num_num weeks instead of num_extend
my heater is set at num_num degrees and actual temp of the water almost num_extend
the fabric is fairly rough ,  and not particularly absorbent .
what is that about ?  anyway .  .  . the cups were a little small .
had to send this back due to it being very difficult to press garlic although i have strong hands .
cant complain to much i guess i bought this super cheap .
i don t know where all these high reviews are coming from .
i was expecting to really like this ,  as i can not live without some of the other nectar flavors .
the plastic handles started cracking so i returned it to amazon and got a refund .
i m very disappointed as i thought cuisinart usually made solid products .
i m in early num_extend going to keep using this until it s gone .
for this size ,  this was the most expensive .
the light are flashy , but problem is it cheaply attached .
it would be very small for any amount of window herbs .
i was curious as to the low cost .
i had given this a good rating originally but not now .
i returned it for a refund and thankfully amazon accepted it and gave me my money back .
there s plenty of bass response ,  but overall they sound like i had cotton in my ears .
if you can stay away from processed grains ,  it s not a bad idea to do so .
i expected the same simple quality in this coffee pot . my biggest disappointment with this product is the carafe .
i wrote a review not to long ago about this masque that i d purchased from amazon .
upon arrival i found that they were very small even though i ordered xxl .
however ,  it must be terribly difficult to make these so poorly .
after num_num minutes i wiped it away with a warm cloth .
i purchased this food because i have num_num cats ,  and they were throwing up a lot .
as far as comfort is concerned ,  it is not as comfortable as the foam push in things .
the case portion was fine ,  but the little clip that holds the front panel to the back panel broke .
as far as the taste ,  it really wasnt too bad ,  a lot better than neurocore or body rush .
the plastic is not thick ,  seems like it would be prone to snap .
however ,  they actually took double what i had paid for shipping .
i was wrong !  the colors are brighter blue which not desirable to me .
what a bummer  :  update : i was given another couple of the small size of these in different shades .
i say you get what you pay for .
not moisturizing ,  not long lasting and application has to be done with a mirror because it comes of streaky .
this just didn t do it for them .  i do like the little container .
i don t think i will purchase these again .
no acidic aftertaste ,  but i don t think many will enjoy its taste .
the lid on the bottom is hard to get on due to how flimsy it is .
byd is the manufacturer of the batteries that came with and are currently in my uniden phones .
i was looking for so much more in this product .
the audio doesn t seem to be very crisp .
if you re looking for a product that s about half sweetness and half flavor ,  this isn t it .
i was hoping to like it ,  as setting spray is an important step of my daily routine .
i have a narrow foot and couldn t get these comfortable .
it s fair coffee ,  but making plain coffee in a num_num machine is kind of a waste .
might be good for you ,  but really doesn t have much taste .
it could be because the oem battery is running out of juice .
if i need to clean the new tray even once a week ,  i would save soo much money !  .
i do not recommend this product at all for heavy usage .
we are disapointed ,  the plastic is cheaply made ,  and easily breaks .
i ll probably use it up only because it cost so much ,  but i won t be ordering it again .
though it is inexpensive ,  i wouldn t pay even $ for this item and am certainly returning it .
like i needed another one of those but it s too cheap to bother returning .
the flavoring in this was just not very good but tolerable .
i am not noticing any difference in my skin ,  either by look or feel .
look at the ingredients people ,  this salt contains sugar  dextrose  .
it is hard to move the handle to get phone in and out also .
also ,  i am not bald ,  so the phones keep slipping off my head .
there are better products out there for the same price .
it is not a bad quality but unfortunately the colors are not right .
with the hopper off i tried to move the adjustment lever with a screw driver .
eventually they wouldn t make it through the day and so i bought this replacement .
i never had this problem before using them ,  and have never had it since i stopped .
but it really doesn t matter how much of this you put in your glass .
first ,  the adhesive is very minimal ,  you really get one chance and even then its not very sticky .
they also contain anise and they taste much more of anise than of licorice .
i don t know what i was thinking before; thinking the color looked natural .
with num_num smart phones and num_num kindles in the household ,  it seems i am always installing a screen protector .
i tried the scrambled eggs and bacon ,  which on other websites received rave reviews .
it is not something i will purchase again .
the metal looks a little worse for wear ,  but other than that .
the hard plastic was not easy to work with ,  quality was ok but not great .
i ordered this from qvc and i have used it several times ,  not terribly impressed ,  particularly with the price .
it is not luminescent ,  the lens is very poor ,  it is not liquid filled .
under normal usage ,  i m lucky if i go half the day before it s like i m wearing nothing at all .
if you ve read all the reviews here at amazon on this game ,  you re probably pretty confused .
i m a heavy user ,  i use this unit about num_num days a week num_num hours a day sometime longer .
it just didnt taste like the ones ive had .
again ,  i know this is not an expensive headset and is not perfect .
but i don t need to be entertained by my coffee pot .
it broke within a few months and i had to purchase another one .
i bought the clicker not knowing what to expect .
i bought this grill a few months ago ,  but did not use it much .
and i will say the quality wasn t really all that great .
people say it doesn t taste bad ,  well ,  i didn t like it at all .
i could not hear them right up against my ears .
the voice acting is about the only bright spot .
my biggest issue with this pan is the inside finish .
my dog is num_num lbs and i bought xl .
it was somewhat fixable but it really doesn t work the way it intended .
the taste isn t horrible but it s nothing special at all .
i guess i m the one who deserves the num_num star rating !  .
i ve used motorola extended batteries in other phones i ve had ,  and never had this issue .
bought this because it was cheap ,  you do get what you pay for .
if they could fix the smell ,  i would probably give this product num_num stars .
back to canon only i guess because battery life is very important to me .
the bling keeps turning on my phone and draining my battery .
i didn t think it would be an issue until i started using the remote for a while .
i guess for the pricing you get what you pay for .
the odor was a bit on the strong side but not really offensive ,  imho .
if you want something a child would grow into ,  i d advise getting an upgraded product .
i dont have sensitive eyes ,  but if you do ,  keep caution when using this .
just wasn t the same stash i ve purchased in the stores .
instead you must use the  beak  attachment to pry the lid off .
also ,  you can usually find a num_num pack somewhere on here for the same price .
they don t protrude from your ears ,  so you can probably sleep in them if you want to .
you are better off getting something that is a bit more expensive .
i got this item because the cable for my num_extend was loose and would not stay in .
will not buy fred perry products ,  especially if it is made in china .
i find myself using a butcher knife to cut my pizza instead as it s normally simpler .
those batteries are small and expensive to replace .
the only wear and tear on it was from moving it .
the problem is that it does not remain fully charged very long .
it even seemed old like it was in storage for along time .
i really wanted to like this but in the end it is not the product for me .
i usually wear a size num_num and that s what i bought .
however ,  it was clear from the outset that the volume is not loud enough .
my fault that i didn t read the info on this product better before wasting my money on it .
i guess it did save my phone though .
and he is smaller than the measurements by about an inch and half .
then i gave this thing to my wife .
thinking it was just a fluke ,  i exchanged it for another .
as many others have said these cables do not work for charging your phone .
if you reach in and touch it ,  you can see that it is thick but not at all sharp .
i have gone through num_num pairs or more of nb num_extend my favorite shoe ,  but this is the last .
but i think that could be because i have a screen protector .
so you can t tell if it s on ,  off ,  asleep ,  synced or out of batteries .
so why not just charge using your own device .
sound quality was ok but i don t like these speakers all of them are cheap and made cheap .
how to clean . i just have to admit i just can t get the hang of using this thing .
i used it for a couple of weeks and found myself disappointed .
i should have read the review for these .
the charger didn t work that long in my car .
i returned this bc it was really small .
if manufacturer claims to be correct ,  it should either be unbreakable or broken into round edges .
this was extremely difficult to attach to my bike rack .
i was excited to get these in the mail .
charged my iphone just fine ,  so i ll keep it in my husband s vehicle for my phone .
upon disconnection ,  the sound doesn t transfer to the handset .
fits the databank  i have the num_extend as advertised .
while i am sure it is very healthy the taste to me was very bland .
i can honestly say that there is simply no comparison .
they are $ larger ,  and more attractive . the bag is not large enough for its intended purpose .
me ,  i believe it s just okay ,  but leaves a horrible after taste .
unfortunately ,  i liked the look of this mount but it did not hold my phone in place .
can t tell you how many headsets i ve tried and returned or tried and tossed into my unusable headset pile .
yes ,  it s a nice smell ,  but that s not the point .
after setting it up ,  i returned it immediately .
i m sure the cable is good but my old pc died just after i ordered this cable .
we were very excited to try out this new one .
phone does not stay clipped in holster very securely .
i bought this num_num years ago and did not use it very much .
it claims to get num_num and a half hours on one charge .
this was one of many cheap amazon cases i tried for my num_extend before getting an otterbox .
i have several gelish polishes and have never had trouble like i did with this one .
i didn t like it ,  so i won t recommend it .
not enough midrange ,  tinny trebles and severely boosted ,  boomy bass .
on the other hand ,  i have to turn my num_extend down slightly on some num_extend
the sound and features are ok ,  but the durability just ain t the paper it s printed on .
i think ice cream means it shouldn t flow out of the container until it melts .
i tried this product because i wanted something that was not pricy .
then it looks trashy . it protects but i won t be getting a case like this one .
i used this product for three days in my coffee .
i was very excited to try this pedal when it finally arrived .
im not sure it just doesn t work well .
i ve had mine for over a year and the lid has always stuck ,  now the heating element doesn t work .
luckily ,  this is in the area of the soft keys ,  so hopefully it won t bother me .
the color is too bright to not be artificial .
so i washed it before use and it is not dishwasher safe .
it is nice and tingly ,  but it is a pretty useless product .
okay the kids like it ,  but way too many parts for the little ones to loose .
so for something small maybe ok but the price is to high for just ok .
at first i thought it was going to taste like mac and cheese .
when i put it in the  on  position ,  it turned off .
i have two tablets i wanted to charge with this charger .
it has a lot of room ,  but the zippers have broken and the bag has been thrown away .
the product i received had just a beltclip .
you have to plug and unplug this in order to turn it on and off .
just looking at the other reviews makes me wish i had read them before purchasing this .
so if i making a stand for my phone i can t get it even .
just put this in my coffee maker and put in two table spoons to make one cup and .
also ,  there are severeal glitches in the game .
but i will not be purchasing another one of these .
i bought this because of all the rave reviews ,  but am sorely disappointed .
the stainless steel seems cheap and there is a seam on the inside that i am worried may leach .
it doesn t work .  .  .  . sometimes it does ,  most of the time it doesn t .
the result is something so flimsy that jawbone inc .
i charge my phone ,  ipod ,  ipad ,  xoom tablet ,  ipad keyboard off the same outlet .
these would be great speakers for the casual music enthusiast but unfortunately they wouldn t be spending $ on speakers .
do your money a good thing and do not buy this fake one .
i tried my htc battery too and the charger did the same thing .
i m on amazon today looking for a replacement for this .
my review s  for this have changed a few times ,  but no more .
i ve worn the robe once or twice ,  but would get more use out of a longer one .
admittedly ,  my dog is a very intense chewer ,  maybe an average chewing dog would be fine with this toy .
luckily ,  i only wasted $ on this item since i purchased it thru saveology .
it s warped badly ,  cracked on one side ,  and has a rough finish .
i use the mixer but not for anything heavier then cake batter .
it doesn t taste bad but i d rather buy grapefruit juice .
i didn t realize this product is made in china .
i bought this coffee expecting a dark roast to use in my espresso machine .
if you have dry skin i might recommend this product but if not get waterproof or another brand .
coffee machine and we thought we were buying an  upgrade  .
i like the smell so i use it on dry skin spots around my face  away from my eyes  .
it s supposed to have multiple buttons that are programmable with different compatible programs .
i won t be buying it again ,  it s very very overpriced and not worth it .
yeast hardly gives any ph changes so you may have the same color or slightly darker .
not what i would have expected from a kitchenaid product .
no ,  i don t think they have fermented ,  i just think the odor is that special ,    .
i don t want to have to use oven mits every time i make a cup of tea !  .
maybe that s why i bought this box of num_num for $
this may not seem like a big deal ,  but it is unacceptable .
it arrived on time ,  but did not deliver as promised .
ive always had good customer service from them but now they are just horrible .
before you blame gateway ,  i went and bought an io gear kvm for $ including an audio connector .
i d much rather drink an herbal lemon tea or ginger tea ,  but not this .
i am not so worried about the fact that i was using this ,  but now it is clearly unusable .
but when i get my order i get a dual micro usb cable .
save yourself some money and get a quality product like the ballistic screen guard maxx .
it s mostly similar ,  but not exactly the same .
you probably can t ,  either . luckily it was num_num bucks ,  i guess you get what you pay for it s that cheap .
i m not sure i would purchase this again .
after reading the all the glowing reviews for this adapter ,  i thought i couldn t go wrong .
if it weren t such a dust sucker ,  i would rate it num_num stars .
have had this thing for about a year and i give up .
i was using it on a skillet on the range at medium heat .
i purchased this to replace an apple av cable that i needed in another location .
i felt like i was scratching my phone with the hard aluminum case .
i only used it a couple times then gave it away .
your phone is screaming to you and you are screaming at it ,  but the connection is not there .
also ,  it isn t overly sweet which is nice but i wish it tasted more like fig newtons .
i totally can t understand why this kind of goods can be sold on amazon .
it definitely does not have the full flavor of the original .
i ve had the num_extend usb drive for less than a year .
i may or may not finish these products or i may take them back .
my son was  dying  to have this toy .
however ,  the lid leaks when you shake the container .
there is a reason this is cheap .  .  . it s just not as good as genuine royall lyme .
i had one of these in the past ,  before it was standard to have rotating carousels in microwaves .
spend a little more and get better quality .
its screen was skinny and hard to read .
the design features of the belt clip are admirable ,  but the plastic it is made out of is crap .
i returned this produced it was not what i thought it was going to be .
a replacement was cheap at the hardware store ,  but it s annoying to deal with the inconvenience .
i can make better expresso in my old num_num bar steam machine .
it s probably a good scale but not for what i wanted for .
i ve only used it a couple of times because it is very heavy and a hassle to use .
even with the groupon ,  it cost more than this .
it fits but does not encompass the phone as advertised .
the build quality is very plastic ,  cheap feeling .
don t waste your money on this device though .
i rec d this kenneth cole wallet ,  had about a month now and the stitching is coming out already .
i don t know why anyone rated this anything higher than num_num stars .
in addition to being loud it is unbalanced .
the problem is you can t put enough beans into the grinder to get a decent num_num cups of coffee .
except it doesn t work as well as that .
thought it was too good to be true .
so i am not sure that this thing really works .
i have two num_extend one in my office and one in my truck .
however ,  they are a cheap alternative for something temporary .
okay i guess for price but for a clint eastwood few dollars more better quality can be found .
the only drawback was the unnecessarily difficult lid .
something wasn t built up to snuff with this unit imo .
plagued by small screens . palm num_extend the num_extend version of the num_extend
when i mean back and forth i mean reading reviews and researching as much as i could .
personally i will not purchase again ,  i am not happy with the quality .
don t waste your money on this pieces of cheap junk .
the glasses are cheap in construction ,  quality ,  and have thin glass .
i was so excited to give this piano to my daughter for her birthday .
this product did not work well for me .
a frustratingly bad product from a usually great company .
we like this item ,  but wish that it was available in larger sizes ,  these are way too expensive .
oily shimmer to the screen when looking at your reflection can be a little irritating .
they are also quite small and do not stretch .
that s what i get for buying a wilton product .
no other product was used before this product ,  as directed ,  it just does not work as advertised .
i made the mistake of purchasing it before testing it on a rental .
these seriously do not look like this picture .
takes too many batteries and does not get full power output as described .
you also need to plug it into a usb port to recharge it .
i have a small cottage business and desperately needed this num_num inch square pan .
i just wish i didn t have to deal with any hassle of the product not working right .
should have known better because it was so inexpensive .
don t be confused by the packaging that looks so much like bayer advantage ii .
they re even a too close fit for me ,  and i wear num_extend or num_extend
so it does not matter how good they sound ,  i may have small ears .
i would have gave it num_num stars if it was bigger .
she got hers wet ,  so i ordered a new one ,  but it isn t the same .
i purchased this phone but turned out defective .
also we paid $ and i notice the price is up to $ as of jan num_extend
i d pass and spend a little more on something that lasts a while longer .
i m not so upset about the product really ,  i m more upset at amazon for posting false description information .
my num_num year old daughter saw the commercial for this product on television ,  and she wanted it for christmas .
num_num stars cause the scent wasn t horrible and didn t do any negative damage .
for others ,  it s likely the flavor is too strong to be pleasant .
however ,  i did not have a good result using it .
there s something wrong with these chargers because they re all pretty much universal !  .
both were used and worked only slightly better than the one i was replacing .
my iphone case broke and i can t afford to replace a cell phone so i needed a case immediately .
pros :  cheap and didn t fogcons :  didn t fitfirst of all let me say i have a large head .
doesn t seem to be able to clean much better than any other cleaning products i am already using .
or ,  for a real change ,  try one of the kyocera ceramic paring knives .
it s not just the amount on strength required to squeeze the tongs closed .
since they were christmas presents ,  i had to go out and buy some new ones .
the fit in my ear was not that great and hurt my ear after a while .
i purchased these bags for organizing gear in my pack ,  be aware these are very ,  very small .
after my contract is up i am switching to the iphone num_extend
i can use it when i m using perfume elsewhere ,  so there s no clash .
i have used this a few times and have seen no difference in shine or color .
this case did not meet my expectations i used it ,  it cracked ,  and i trashed it .
the only decent thing about these disposable glasses is the case .
i thought that butter topping was supposed to taste like butter but it doesn t .
sound is not up to my other cheap koss headphones .
if you like the taste of watered down minty cocoa ,  this is for you .
i bought it only based on amazon reviews and i really disappointed that this highly rated item is useless .
it smelled the same as it was brewing in my drip coffee maker .
daylight is really dim looking on top of it all .
the headset itself is also large and clumsy ,  and sits on your head precariously .
i didn t have too much luck with this product .
i was not able to control the amount of water coming out .
i think i needed a cord with it or something and i did try it .
i have used this num_num times so far and it has not made any bubbles .
for this reason i most likely will by another one when this one dies .
i thought i was going to love this product but didn t .
i wish i had read the reviews before purchasing .
i was optimistic after reading the other reviews ,  but wish i had not ordered this toy .
when i plugged it in it just kept my phone from dying any more than it already was .
my experience may be atypical ,  but the battery on this headset stopped recharging after num_num months .
i was excited to get this product and try it out .  .  . and i was sadly disappointed .
all i can say for this ,  is its better than nothing .
however for some reason i had a bad feeling on this product ,  even before i tried to use it .
however ,  where it really matters ,  these headphones are a disappointment .
i thought maybe a valve was stuck ,  so i soaked it in hot water .
it doesn t go around num_num like the other num_extend
in general it does not do any one thing well for me .
it does not a proper rim to protect screen in event phone falls .
the directions were followed exactly ,  so that was not the problem .
again another product that isn t cheap and doesn t do what it says it should .
it s also thick enough that it needs little padding  if any  underneath .
one corner of the screen protecter keeps coming num_extend
kept it anyway  should have returned  and i will try it again once i replace the phone .
yes ,  it is screwed on properly and is tight .
the problem is that it is very thick and heavy .
people may have bought the newer hoses based on my review .
i m sorry i hadn t read the amazon reviews before buying this on impulse in a department store .
but very soon into my hearing experience ,  i started getting pauses between listening to my itouch .
this cleaner stopped working after i used it for about num_num times .
it fits num_num oz comfortably ,  no more . a real drag as they say num_num cups !  .
based on all the glowing reviews ,  i m a little perplexed .
it s cheap and you get what you pay for .
for a toy as expensive as this one ,  that s not asking much .
i used my phone for num_num months with no protector and no issues .
looked like it was well used ,  but it was packaged like it was new ,  so who knows .
my initial reaction to the taste of this product was ,  ewwwweearghhh .
saltyness may be the  norm  for products like this ,  but it doesnt mean i have to like it .
but ,  the screen protector itself is cut quite strange .
i figured it may have a been a defective unit ,  so i returned it for another one .
have had a few samsung chargers like this one before ,  and they honestly don t last very long at all .
the bristles are also made of cheap plastic .
gritty like the very first stuff i ever tried .
it also too forever to charge my phone if i could give num_num stars this product would get it .
i was disappointed to find the handle broken off one of the measuring cups when i opened the package .
when i received it ,  i couldn t believe what i got .
no doubt this pillow serves it s purpose ,  but i just could not get used to it .
for the price ,  i guess i expected it .
after various bad experiences ,  i just avoid this brand .
the shipping was fast but the cover is just cheaply made .
i just returned this  piece of crap  charger to the store .
i later ordered some more and didn t get the same screen protector that is advertised here .
but not as good as i would have thought it would be .
i used the product for the first time today for num_num minutes .
when i opened the box i felt stupid and ripped off .
they might look good on paper and for price ,  but these are not usable .
do you really want to waste your money on it ?  .
it looks ok ,  i can answer ,  hang up and redial the last number without having to use the phone .
not worth the quality and hassle for the price .
when i first bought my num_extend i got num_extend num_extend and num_extend
but my ringing is not real bad ,  perhaps if it was real bad it would improve it .
i tried every way i could to gently lift it off until the back of my phone cracked .
too bad i didn t end up liking the product .
once i had it all hooked up ,  i was so excited to listen to my new turntable .
i had better results using a glycolic wash previously .
so this is really inconvenient compared to my former phone num_extend
even the storage bag they come in is cheap ,  flimsy ,  and tore after one use .
i ll be trying a more durable  and likely expensive  model next .
i was pleased at the way it worked for a year ,  until it failed .
i just purchased this reel not more than a week ago through a different vendor .
there are better foods at this price point .
if you like listening to fm stations with lots of static ,  then this is for you .
does not serve as a decent protection for the phone .
i might pay five bucks for the novelty ,  but not the full price .
but when i use this ,  my bacon cooks unevenly ,  and it isnt worth using for me .
half the reviews for this product are num_num star ,  half are num_num star .
pulled battery out and jammed it back in ,  nothing changed .
i ve tried it on other phones and get the same problem .
purchased two and put them into my standard msft brand num_num battery charger .
i will try to return them and buy a new set from a different seller .
it has finger prints or water marks on the back of the case .
the earpiece covers my ears at a strange angle .
this quick disconnect cord was purchased to replace one that was misplaced .
i bought a spindle of these in num_num and had no real problems with them .
i have a skin on the back of my phone and forget using a case with it .
not a big deal but a little annoying .
i was so excited to give this to my cats on christmas morning .
i ended up returning this and going back to my old cassette adapter ,  which works a thousand times better .
the bottom part of the case kept slipping off of my phone .
my microwave is weaker than some ,  so instead of heating it for num_num sec .
the pot appears to have been used and seems to be made of cheap material .
for the most part ,  i am comparing this to official motorola car dock for my droid num_extend
but then the price kept jumping up .  .  . they were about $ a yr ago ,  but now they re almost $
i gave it num_num stars instead of one ,  because it would probably work pretty well for something tiny .
i spent about $ having my previous canon camcorder repaired .
i have a much better one that i paid the same amount for on amazon also .
i was so excited when they arrived ,  and so disappointed when i first tried one .
fyi if you are considering using this for biscotti .
next time i m going to make sure i m ordering a thicker ,  sturdier cutting surface .
it is not very sturdy and does not hold up well .
the workings of the unit are too complex and it is difficult to clean .
the only good thing about this cleaner is that the shipping was free .
it was not dropped or played with rough ,  so i was surprised .
it may work for smoothies and shakes ,  but it does not work well to puree food .
i had this sent to my sister as a gift ,  and she was not at all happy with it .
the waffle irons themselves our shallow making thin waffles .
do not buy these batteries and this little  handy kit  if you want a battery you can rely on .
they are not soft  in fact ,  they are pretty stiff and itchy  .
i gave num_num stars because the color is great ,  but beyond that i would not purchase this item again .
this is not a top of the line coffee maker with bottomline features .
it is better to use a shake bottle or the blender  i used my magic bullet blender  .
it seems as if it is a shampoo and conditioner .
plexi glass would have been a much better choice .
my puppy chewed this item to bits and pieces in no time .
even an inexpensive num_extend would have been okay for what i wanted .
i have been an iphone user and have purchased many screen protectors and never had any issues .
but ,  this coffee didn t pass the taste test .
several times now i ve woken up to a dead iphone .
it was not bad enough to just give up but darn close .
the batteries lasted num_num months ,  total of num_num uses ,  under num_num minutes of total active use .
i had recently purchased two perfumes from tuccini via amazon . com .
it is very ,  very difficult to clean ,  frays easily and ,  frankly ,  never cleans up completely .
after that my ears are in real pain and i have to take the headphones out .
however ,  for seniors with difficulty in using yours hands to hold a very hard plastic peice it impossible .
this was at least a full size too small .
unfortunately ,  it just stopped working after several months .
the description lists the size as :  num_extend long x num_extend wide x num_extend high .
product is really average the screen protector feels as cheap as the one the phone came with .
after reading some of the reviews on amazon ,  i was reluctant to purchase this unit .
i ve been using it about a week ,  and i haven t noticed any difference in my breakouts .
this protrusion prevents the bowl from sitting flat on a surface or in your sink .
i didn t see any difference with the use of this product .
i tried connecting it to my pc and same thing .
i guess this is ok for fluffy towels but don t waste your time with microfiber dish rags .
the plastic doesn t wash up nicely when switching between wet and dry ingredients .
i don t think i will be making a second purchase of these .
i drink a lot of water and this is not enough for me .
too expensive for something that does so little .
the jars for these products have large openings ,  so the round spoon has not been an issue .
i have purchased num_num bags of this brand .
i could deal with this but after num_num months i decided to get a new one .
these jabra sport headphones did not offer any redeeming quality to me .
i barely have service when my phone is in this case .
i was really excited to get this based on the reviews and price .
even at a size bigger ,  they fit tight and there is not much give in the fabric .
now i have a cheap tacky phone case missing rhinestones that i would never put on my phone .
i would have sent it back ,  but the price was so cheap ,  it just was not worth the hassle .
the sound quality is very average at best with noticeably less bass than the original speakers .
you could add your own if you wanted to ,  i num_extend
i used it for few months and i didn t see any difference .
sure they are huge ,  but there is a problem .
i don t know how or why it works .
this is my only issue with the product ,  but it made them look a bit cheap .
both of the included batteries no longer hold a charge .
fit is small ,  i usually wear a num_extend and an num_num was barely big enough .
its not a tight fitting case for this phone .
the new firmware has only been out for couple of weeks ,  and i ve only had to reboot once .
however ,  i did not enjoy this coffee drink .
you can find these at the dollar general store for $ each ,  not $ for num_num of them .
i do not recommend this product to anyone .
because ,  each individual box from a location close to me cost two dollars and thirty nine cents .
these cables work as advertised ,  but they break with almost no effort at all .
the sound problem still exists but it s not a big deal .
my screen protectors were not sized for my new phone .
it is apparent that some effort went into designing the buildings ,  bridges ,  etc .
i with i hadn t bought num_num of these .
i needed a replacement usb cord for my digital camera .
buy a hyperion num_num mah battery to make this phone a winner from garbage .
i really would have liked a product that was better quality but you get what you pay for .
this is def not a great or a well made item .
compared to the finiti ,  the audio quality is substandard .
cabkle does not work with ac adapter to charge phone ,  but does connect my phone to the computer sometimes .
i only used it maybe about four or five times .
the blades on these have dulled too quickly .
cheap plastic ,  did not fit my phone as advertised .
it was too small and does not fit well .
however  !   ,  once hooked up ,  i was very surprised how flimsy it is .
this thermometer is not accurate ,  it is slow abstaining the temperature of what ever you have it stuck into .
but if you arent as picky as i am ,  maybe you ll like this .
i m not sure why this has such good reviews .
it s smaller than the mega but it almost seems like the motor size was the same .
they are priced the same ,  so get the better one . this is going back .
a couple of washes and they would be done .
i immediately ordered an num_num cup bodum french press and an electric kettle .
they re not even necessarily any stiffer ,  but they just feel kinda like sandpaper on your face .
it is the only opener i have that rusted .
not the same traditional revere quality as the rest of my revere pots .
i know it was only one dollar and some change ,  you get what you pay for i guess .
your ear is not . conclusion : unless you re desperate for wireless workout headphones ,  and you already own an armband ,  i d skip these .
what i received was an orangish soft wood .
short of assuming it s a manufacturing defect ,  it seems that this headset just isn t what it could be .
i guess i must have ears a lot larger than the people for which this product was designed .
some buttons on this like the eject button does not work with the latest mac software .
after it was received a few weeks later ,  it was the same exact junk i bought .
i have had it a week and already scratches are appearing .
for num_num bucks i guess i got what i paid for .
i went to write a review and amazon told me i already wrote one .
but i won t buy these again ,  even though they taste great .
it says num_num piece set but there are only num_num pieces in it .
this product is just below average if you ask me ,  and i have never been thrilled with its performance .
but for the money i spent on it ,  i wish it worked better !  .
i see some of the creative toys being made today and stuff like this just doesn t compare .
the front bottom half is wiggly around the button .
lightly scorched oats taste okay ,  but that was not the end result i was hoping for .
c mon an engineer boot with leather sole ?  !  ?  quality not worth the price .
after that ,  they cracked on the bottom when the vacume was applied .
it came with my num_num that i bought about num_num or num_num months ago .
but like they say ,  you get what you pay for .
there is also a locking pin ,  which i need to turn the light on to release .
it only takes about num_num minutes to get enough for all of us now ,  but the popcorn is rubbery .
when i first got this battery it wouldn t charge unless i turned off my phone .
just glad i didn t waste much money on them .
it was very unflattering and lumpy ,  i did not have a smooth silhouette .
not enough smell to be a high reward treat .
i ve used finish before ,  but this one ,  in packets ,  left granules and powered residue on glassware ,  anything horizontal .
maybe it s too big ?  looks fun to me ,  but they just don t really even see it .
reading the reviews ,  i thought this would be a product as advertised .
but these were some of the most uncomfortable headphones i have ever used .
i returned it to amazon for a refund .
the taste is ok ,  but the color is very unappetizing .
it was ok tasting but not enjoyed enough to try again .
it was intended to be a christmas gift for one of our family .
this purchase has me second guessing buying items this way .
i will use it up but i will not purchase this product again .
i guess they could provide better product with such a price .
my num_num came with its own num_num gig hard drive .
i would assume this is the same as less pricier english breakfast tea with added bergamot flavouring .
thank god i didn t blow up but something could ve happened to my phone .
with what seems like a num_extend headphone jack into the actual unit .
i think i ll stick to my plastic ones from oxo ,  i had better luck with them .
i would have thought that oster could make a better product .
the cord doesn t stay in my samsung phone .
i have used similar products since and this hasn t been an issue and they haven t broken .
the oven door frequently jams so that it s difficult to open and close .
junk steel coupled with an uneven grind means i would have to reprofile the blade to get it sharp .
the case is thinner than appears in the picture .
i wear a small  size num_extend in most things .
i wasn t too thrilled with how it looked on my phone .  .  .  .  . perhaps white would have looked better .
it is so ugly that i had to scrape the top layer off with a razor blade .
it looks like you re getting a whole lot more than you are .
they responded quickly and did have a missing part shipped to us right away so no problems there .
thank goodness it was only $ on here instead of the $ they were asking at retail stores .
occasionally it does calibrate ok ,  but most of the time it doesn t .
the only good thing i have to say about it is that it does not strip my hair color .
i love flavored coffees ,  but this one is just nasty .
but for my taste ,  i couldn t choke down even a few bites of this stuff .
the only good news is that i contacted amazon and they helped me get a refund .
i used this product for the first time last night .
but too big and not very good to fit my room .
i m not even sure if i still own this knife .
these gloves are a little thin and tear easily ,  so don t use them for anything strenuous .
i couldn t get past the acidic taste of this coffee .
they are available on amazon . com for $ for num_num months worth of filters ,  no thanks .
this thing charged my phone once and then never worked again .
i boughtthis one thinking it was the same one as before ,  but it s not .
okay i decided to try this even though most of the reviewers recommended not to buy it .
i threw it away and went back to my old one of a different brand .
it s nice and roomy but there s nowhere to put any odor control on it .
the blade has opened on me while slipping the knife into my pocket .
i bought mine a few months ago but only took them like num_num times or so .
and even then ,  the tea didn t have the same quality to it .
i was in the bathroom with the shower on and i had washed my hands etc .
i am num_extend and ordered a medium length and these fit halfway over my feet !  waaaay too long .
i am disappointed ,  since the reviews shows that this product worked well for others ,  but not for me .
the coffee is somewhat chunky and very unevenly ground and the quality of it is very poor .
they have a stong hold but i would perfer the set without the teeth shape pointed edge .
num_extend things num_extend charger seems to work ok ,  so far .
it is runny out of the can and does not spread so you look dirty and stained .
turns out my buddy was using a samsung phone .
on my next purchases i ll read all the reviews .
i ordered a num_extend and it was about a num_extend
i have been using these sprayers for over a year now .
the only plus this fan has is the remote .
it s not bad looking but it just doesn t fit right .
we got a replacement ,  that one did not work either and arrived with a badly scuffed screen .
it s nothing like it used to be . i wouldn t waste your money on this .
the one i bought would not pass on any signal ,  which made me think my new phone was bad .
the num_num doesn t have it . i like the num_extend
at first i thought my batteries were no good so i bought new ones etc .
when installed the curve of the thin plastic rises along the edges .
after num_num months of use ,  it proves itself to be not as promised .
it s a shame because the quality otherwise seems top notch .
it doesn t wrok for my intension because too short !  .
because this stupid headset wouldn t pair with my cellular phone ,  no matter how hard i tried .
to be honest ,  the focusing of light wasn t that great .
my signal was pretty good  analog cable  ,  but went thru a splitter ,  and was slightly degraded on some stations .
it feels flimsy ,  not much different than a $ can opener from walmart .
i buy coffee to use you my toddy cold brewing system .
also there should be more of a variety of noises .
it worked for a few months ,  then it simply wouldn t come on anymore .
but hey ,  i guess it was only a dollar or so; money s worth right ?  .
i used this product for about num_num months .
mine never tugged out on the treadmill ,  but it did get increasingly more of a nuisance .
i really wanted to like it too ,  i really did . after using it for a month ,  i was not impressed .
it s a great product ,  but the packaging is terrible .
but the coffee does not taste very good .
they are as pictured but are a very cheap quality .
i am shopping as we speak for another brand coffee maker .
i just bought this and tried it about num_num times and felt num_num difference .
i had problems with this phone from day one .
but as for the other num_num times nothing has ever gone wrong .
now wireless for me is available . linksys service suck .
they sound hollow and get distorted when turned up loud .
don t want to put a $ phone in it .
i wasn t expecting much for the price ,  but even at the friday sale price this feels overpriced .
tried this  unfortunately ,  paid more at a local store  ,  and it s no better .
so sorry i wasted my money ,  my old num_extend la colors nail strengthener worked better .
after that little use it was already not working properly in just over a year .
i expected more after reading the reviews and the manufacturer s description ,  so i was unimpressed .
the wires are extremely cheap ,  thin ,  and fragile .
my friends use it and it looks great on them ,  but what i received is no good .
the knife its self is not horrible but the stealth is .
i m going back to my old ones ,  they look dated but they don t break .
they don t seem to work as well as others .
it doesn t hold a candle to the quality exhibited in their other products . instead ,  try sally hansen mega shine .
the way this battery performed ,  i really don t think it was worth $
it hasn t yet ,  but i worry about it breaking .
images were soft ,  didn t pull color out as i d expect and didn t have great bokeh .
i like wahl products ,  i just don t think this one is all that it s cracked up to be .
if i hadn t wanted a trackball right away i would have bought it at amazon .
that is ,  if it didn t use your gba s batteries .
the num_num num_extend battery is not cheap ,  i expect it should last at least num_num years .
with all the rave reviews ,  i was really excited about these gummy bears .
i bought this to replace the cable for my wife s dilapidated apple cable for her ipad num_extend
it is big ,  bulky ,  and made of annoyingly pliable plastic parts .
the unit ,  at all speeds ,  makes a very audible and distracting pitched noise .
as others commented ,  it is rather flimsy and wobbly .
if tupperware had not changed their design of the measuring cups .  .  .  . i would have ordered those .
the only thing is that the data cable is not as long as my original .
i ordered a size num_num they sent me an num_extend
i obviously wouldn t buy it again ,  it was frustrating to plug my phone in and never have it charge .
not nearly as good as the discontinued avia model i was replacing for around the same price .
bottom line is that this charger doesn t have enough voltage to charge the phone .
i initially liked this and after only a few uses it simply failed .
i think a submersible heater would be better for most people s needs .
depending which of those is your priority ,  this product may or may not suit your needs .
these were regular size but were smaller than the regular size of the other brand .
also ,  has a bit of a chemical aftertaste .
the taste was okay ,  a little fishy maybe ,  but it was the consistency that i couldn t stand .
no damage to the actual product ,  but makes one question the quality control .
i said if i wanted to deal with verizon ,  i would have upgraded through verizon .
these were supposed to fit my measurements ,  but ran very small .
i only paid $ for this heater ,  so i don t feel totaly robbed .
lastly it should have a molded handle on the top .
i am just thankful it was so cheap .
additionally ,  the design of the handle is inferior ,  making positioning more difficult .
this is my third la pavonia burr grinder over the past num_num years or so .
it just tasted terribly sweet with an undefined cirtus something taste .
very disappointed as i was looking forward to this product .
i tried again and the same thing happened .
specifically ,  it s difficult to tell if you re pressing down on the button properly .
it s runny not thick like other creams i m used to .
with the product already being overpriced  shop elsewhere as it was and tasting watered down; it just wasn t worth it .
after replacing the battery the phone began to act very strange .
and you can also fit a laptop on this ?  uh uh ,  not happening .
i would upgrade my rating to a num_num star .
i can not recommend this as a knife sharpner . ps :  one last thing .
which i don t need or want anything else right now .
because of my experiences ,  i am done with android phones .
the metal is thin and not the cast iron that is used in the real back to basic .
i bought this model refurbished for about $ and i m highly disappointed .
i was excited to like this product but it was just not good quality .
curling iron or a better brand of hot rollers might be more useful than this one .
this holster ,  while typical bianchi value ,  does not have a groove for the front sight .
after playing it ,  i wondered why it got such great reviews .
it doesn t change my idea of the headphones .
sorry that i had to give this such a bad review .
the product image looks similar to the previous model ,  however ,  in person the new one looks very cheap .
even worse than the grip is the blade itself .
with a knife it might only take about num_num minutes .
flavor is ok but i am not buying this product again .
so i ripped it off and put my otterbox back on it .
however .  .  . after using this battery for a while ,  i started to have issues with my phone doing weird things .  .  . crashing ,  etc .
$ less then the same item new here on amazon .
in fact it will actually fall off my phone if i put it inside my purse or pocket .
i was close to paying full price at best buy for one ,  but i waited and bought from amazon .
you can tell its cheap and flimsy plastic .  .  .  . i guess that s what i get for only paying $
i guess i just spent $ for a paperweight with storage capacity .
as i stated earlyer ,  greater service ,  bad product from motorola !  !  maybe just my bad luck on this device .
still working with it so i cannot experience the actual usefulness of it .
anyway ,  i don t like it for that reason .
this is one of those products that have a high frustration level .
as this charger will not charge your battery that well don t waste your money .
we replaced the batteries ,  but that didn t help .
so ,  i have a lightning and three micro usb cords attached but have my ipad charger plugged in elsewhere .
this thing broke pretty easily as the plastic by the charging port is very thin .
i suppose the coffee stays hot for a respectable duration ,  but that doesn t outweigh the other problems .
before you buy this ,  measure out num_num oz because it was way smaller than i thought it would be .
as soon as my replacement product arrived  different manufacturer  ,  this was gone .
it usually takes about num_num minutes before the discomfort becomes hurt .
i just feel like i got played for my money with this purchase .
had put a lot of baby oil on to remove the wax also .
after a short practice session ,  one edge of the blade broke pretty quickly .
this item is fine for storage of electrical cords ,  but is inconvenient to use .
i have had it for num_num weeks now and have used both screens .
not flimsy ,  cheaply made ,  over priced junk like this thing .
stick in the battery area ,  drop in the num_extend
i wont buy this again ,  i ll pay a little more and get another one .
the drip pan is supposed to be used for baking as well as catching any drips .
also note that the belt was not abused .
in bright sunlight it is barely visible unless you find some shade .
i have other headsets ,  but apparently this one has poor support .
i am glad i did not pay a lot of money for it .
this may work great for those who have an occasional insomnia ,  but not so much in my case .
its like they haven t changed this product since num_num or something .
i don t even use them really since they re not the great .
i already had three koss headphones :  portapro ,  num_extend and num_extend
i guess in this case ,  i got what i paid for .
i believe the pro earpiece was flexed once too often inserting over ear .
you can just put it in a spray bottle and mist it on .
no matter how great this gadget is ,  it s of little use if you can t get one that works properly .
oh well . i m not one to bash a product like some you see on here .
this is sitting in a drawer right now .
this case is not a tight fit and is loose on the sides .
i ve never used this product until a month ago .
that is why i gave it num_num additional star .
i guess that s the reason why they re selling so cheap .
the first one that i took out of the box had a hole in it .
they where ok but none really stand out .
i have ended up and returned this and will maybe order one when they fix these problems .
my henckels knives didn t fit  properly  in the slots .
i received this a few days ago and was disappointed in the quality .
the big box was very cheap and thin .
i am so glad i didn t pay $ for it .
so we tried using the new one ,  and guess what .
after changing all batteries ,  we realized it quit .
this is pretty bulky ,  even when it s empty .
it extends your wireless ,  so now my router is on the other side of our num_extend sq .
i soaped up a sponge ,  nothing abrasive at all ,  and just ran water over the surface .
doesn t quite line up with the volume buttons on the side .
it is starting to feel like ebay on amazon .
although it pluggs into a power outlet ,  apparently ,  the individual ports are not powered  self powered  .
it is a fragile design that not only covers the battery ,  but forms one side of the battery contacts .
spend a few bucks more and get something better .
the charger has all these lights that stay on unless i unplug the entire unit .
it is a very flimsy tiny piece of plastic .
overall ,  i was not thrilled with the taste of this product .
i would give this a num_num star rating if the pans were not scratched .
i had an omron monitor previously and tossed it because i couldn t replace the battery myself .
cantu shea butter is what i am using now .
the first thing i notice is that this trimmer feels cheap .
it does not really have much coffee flavor either .
when i got home to use one i realized why they were on sale .
this is a piece of crap !  it doesn t fit my iphone num_num at all and doesn t work either .
while the smell is all right ,  the color seems unnecessary to me .
would not recommend . i highly recommend spending about $ for the cable .
it was broken when it arrived and then when i received the replacement it broke again .
this is the only item i have ever returned to amazon .
i was so disapointed because i really wanted to like this product .  .  . i really did .
they looked like the ones pictured here at amazon too .
i ordered a size num_extend of this item  what i normaly use  .
i paid premium dollars for a charge only cable .
so ,  we keep fruit and veggies in wire bowls on our kitchen counter .
they were helpful ,  and obviously used to getting that question .
it bunches up because it is maybe num_num inches across .
however ,  this weight  approx num_num lbs  on my back is like carrying melon my back .
first of all ,  this has glitter in it ,  which i wasn t expecting .
it might be okay as a body spray .  . but not as a deodorant .
save your money and use an air nozzle instead .
otherwise ,  the quality is poor in comparison and they are worthless on the collector s market .
this toaster is so bad its almost funny .
i used it to operate the gps on my phone which almost completely discharged the battery .
the handle comes off without much use ,  which of course it s not supposed to .
i don t think the product is worth the money at all .
it did protect my screen ,  but its not anti glare .
i don t know how that compares to other smartphones as this is the first i ve owned .
honestly ,  though i have yet to feel any relief so i m a bit disappointed because of the rave reviews .
it seems to be very cheaply made and doesn t look as nice in person as one would expect .
i thought they would be more comfortable but not what i expected .
bought this because of all the reviews ,  but it did not work for me .
still afraid it s going to slip out of my hands and it almost fits my phone too tight .
i was looking for a healthy snack ,  so i tried these .
it also would not start a completely dead battery .
the type of filter it uses is another irritation .
i had to throw it away and buy a new one now .
it says you can mix it with something but no way will i drink it again .
was so cheap though i disregarded it and ordered another one from a different company .
i chose this over the most expensive one because i am using it in my motor home .
however ,  it was not new in new packaging .
the price is not worth the lack of quality .
it hurt my mildly irritated skin as well .
ok ,  so i read the other reviews before i bought this dress .
good thing it was cheap .  .  . and now i know why .
i had high hopes for this given the average rating and reviews ,  but for me this did absolutely nothing .
although this brush received good reviews ,  invest $ or $ more and buy a better quality brush .
but i have now had num_num tivo series num_extend break in the last num_num months .
i tend not to judge things like coffee to harshly as tastes are subjective .
i will use the pads on another mop handle that i already have .
it also looked kinda silly because it is small .
i am back to buying amariage on macy s even if it cost more money .
respectively ,  i cannot say the same about this brand .
these are not very good for cutting with a larger knife .
to me ,  for the price ,  it s made cheaply .
i just put hardwood floors in the kitchen and wanted something for quick sweep ups .
you must remove from case to charge so it s inconvenient to charge .
there are a couple other annoyances on the audio source ,  too .
which is what i bought it for  :   its cheaper then when i bought it so double  :   .
i wanted to have battery backup for a camping trip this weekend .
it came in a little pouch like a teabag ,  but with loose bits .
i charge my phone overnight ,  % charged ,  unplug it and go to work .
needless to say i won t be using this anymore .
it may work well for more recent models ,  but not mine .
it took so long to receive this order that i honestly forgot i had ordered it .
but it s still too big for our dog to put in it s mouth  which i obviously prefer  .
it will be a while before i get that taste out of my mouth .
and for weeks my neck was in so much pain that i had to buy another foam pillow .
arrived in a box; when i opened it the smell nearly knocked me over .
i m wondering ,  now that the phone is packed and ready to go back ,  if my unit was defective .
it appears to be used to enable two two usb devices to be plugged into one port .
again ,  while eating it i was trying to figure out what it tasted like .  .  .  .  .  . still not sure .
now what ?  the box was huge ,  there are tons of pieces .
you d be better off buying two apple charging docks .
i use a dishrag plus a fabric coated sponge for washing dishes .
buy something more pricey and get a better product .
but it s just not meant for regular use .
the size is not true to fit in my opinion .
spend the extra money to just go to a beauty supply shop and get quality brushes .
what you get is what you paid for ,  i guess .
i don t personally believe this is from china ,  but it is cheap ,  and it tastes like it .
i am now purchasing another brand to replace it .
after soaking and washing feet ,  drying well ,  and applying this cream ,  it feels gritty and rolls up in clots .
while the forks and spoons spotted relatively easy ,  they were  ok  .
so .  .  .  . starch and corn  which is also a starch  .
maybe i ll scoop dry cat food with it .
for the price ,  i d look at something else .
it took me several cleanings with this product to get the smell out .
the flavor of the cookie itself was alright ,  a definite brown sugar taste .
i don t rely on reviews as much anymore ,  especially when they are overwhemingly positive and sound the same .
i returned it and purchased something else for my dog .
i put it on and immediately washed it off .
with three cats that like to throw up everywhere ,  i am constantly cleaning spots out of my carpet .
it is really loud when it tries to focus specially in low light .
i ended up buying a different one ,  for less ,  at a drugstore .
pictures just look grainy with this lens and the color contrast is pretty bad too .
i will not be purchasing more of these as there are other toys that they like better .
my num_num year old daughter wanted this for christmas .
in order to put in your coffee and water ,  again you have to snap the top on and off .
and mine  itrent  broke almost immediately ,  though i managed to fix it .
perhaps the good reviews here were for another model .
i spent close to $ for each cube which turned out to be the num_extend size .
the only reason that i gave this product num_num stars is because it works .
i had really high hopes for this headset .
though i would not chose to drink this as my standard coffee .
i don t think it s a bad product ,  just not for me .
rendered meat can be any rendered mammal meat ,  including cats and dogs .
the molded plastic is breakable  one corner was broken when we got it  .
it s cheap ,  and i don t have to worry about what glue they use .
not sure if it was this or the machine used with it .
this was true at all places i d previously had no problems with on my prior droid .
i ve read other reviews where people have said they received a placebo product .
the other issue that i sort of had a problem with was the size .
also my phone charges much slower with this cable than with my original one .
but for now i have not noticed a difference .
it doesn t cover well and looks too peachy .
i m feeling i have the same original battery that came with my phone .
the keyboard will obviously reside on a desk .
i d expect this on a size medium ,  but not an xl .
i only get num_extend when the phone is in num_extend mode .
my only problem is i lost it somewhere while i was shopping .
was working great until then . i don t see any warranty with the product .
i have been using fairly regularly for two months and do not notice any improvement at all .
i ,  like you ,  were reading reviews on this device and saw mixed responses .
after reading a bunch of great reviews when i purchased this ,  i was excited to use it .
they are not as substantial as they look .
the handle is made of hollow plastic ,  and has a much less striking look ,  and feel .
it is  it says  at least % sumatran blended with other coffees .
i have used this for over num_extend years .
the timer is like the old time timers .
had rf conflict with neighbor . this thing is horrible compared the superb sennheiser rf headphones .
something in the motor must have gone on it .
so using the flow n go should have been a simple task for me .
this did not come in a matte finish .
i know the review should only be for the product ,  but the packaging is very misleading .
i have changed my mind since my original review  below  .
cute case ,  but it is too bulky to plug in a charger .
like most people ,  i don t iron weekly anymore ,  so it hasn t been overused ,  nor abused .
i was really excited to try this given all the glowing reviews .
why do you think this energizer battery charger is so cheap ?  now you know .
so if you want to spent $ on this vs .
all you have to do is wipe it out and rinse it off .
burn your money or buy this product .  .  .  . same difference .
i ordered a new one and the same thing happened !  don t waste your money .
i receive my orders quickly and rarely find a defective filter .
it s not cheap ,  so spend your money on a meat based food .
the only thing that works is the red light indicating you are pressing a button .
may continue running for a num_extend days at most .
i was a bit concerned when a bit of the trim became loose so i cut that trim off .
i myself tried it using a very small amount .
i don t know if its refurbished or perhaps really old .
although it stated this was for the phone i needed this battery did not fit at all .
when i first saw this item ,  i am intriqued by it .
had the earlier incarnation num_extend which was far superior .
they only stay cool for about num_num minutes then turn warm .
just thought the potential buyer should be aware of this before purchasing .
i have ,  and it made the rest of the tea undrinkable . just do yourself a favor ,  and skip this tea .
connection to my galaxy note ii was easy num_extend
this product actually uncharged my phone if you can believe it .
i don t recommend it ,  but i m using it until i can find something else .
worked few weeks after fixing n started acting up .
this phone is nothing more than a num_extend with a touch screen and poor integration .
this brush is too stiff for general dish or glass cleaning .
in the picture ,  the rings looked like they would work great but after actually trying them out ,  no way .
the little eat buds are too small for my ears ,  so i use the larger plugs included .
my house isn t that dirty !  can these be washed ?  .
if you really want to protect your clothing ,  look at another product .
the sound isn t much better than tv speakers .
will need to buy pricey dvi cable ,  too .
i ll either try the oxo steel product or use a knife .
i tried cleaning it with baking soda and vinegar and that helped but it appears the surface  faded off  .
i see no difference at all in the area around my eyes .
i had to go out and buy a new battery .
it ain t molle !  !  !  !  just some velcro on the back that goes on your belt .
that s not such a great deal to me .
save you money and don t wast it on this junk .
if this tasted good ,  i think i d be more supportive of it ,  but it tastes terrible .
the sound was ok but it is just not a secure fit and you can t get it to fit .
to bad because it was a good idea .
i would clean and fiddle with it ,  but it would start clicking not soon after .
is it ? so ,  on goes my quest for a decent coffee maker .
i bought one of these about num_num years back and found it to be a poor product .
i ve not shot with the new one yet .
the food is pretty cheap quality ,  and everything is the same size .
they sure be vinyl ,  but they are cheap plastic .
i purchased this item last april ,  but i didn t use it a lot .
as soon as i saw this at my local cost co ,  i grabbed a few bags .
i bought a bunch of things like this in one go and this was in the reject pile .
after reading all of the positive reviews ,  i was anxious to try out this product .
us mail shipping cost is $ not $
this one  wagan num_extend ionix air purifier  kind of works and it kind of does not .
i was very disappointed in quality and reordered num_num of the other brand instead .
i m going back to my bluetooth earpiece with this samsung phone .
this worked for a couple months ,  but then the charger stopped working .
for more than $ per use ,  it should ve worked better .
like i said ,  i ve been doing this for num_num years .
it doesn t look nearly as good as the picture in person .
i think the actual blades are too thick to cut effectively .
i ordered this ,  tried it out once and packaged it back up .
i ll either give these away to a friend or keep them for a se of spares .
i needed a switch to select between my dish receiver and my pc outputs for sound .
i think it is missing a part or is defective .
as is ,  imo ,  it should be in $ range .
i m gonna have to wash it myself to make it look like the picture .
it doesn t really lock down all the way after using it a few times .
i used it to make an egg noodle ,  chicken ,  cream sauce dish .
plus ,  the cups are saggy and too big right now ,  even though i wear a num_extend
we had ordered this for our daughter for her phone .
for the past month ,  he s been on now s same num_num mg ,  which seems to be doing the trick .
i was so excited to get this mixer .
the many negative reviews here are no coincidence .
i liked the crunch but i thought these tasted rather bland .
ive had this case + the screen protector on my phone since a couple days after i received it .
the plastic it s made out of doesn t seem especially robust and i feel certain it will snap off eventually .
not bad during use but then comes the cleanup now thats a pain in the other end .
i bought it and it only worked for a few weeks and than it wouldnt even charge a bit .
find if your network is on the num_extend subnet .
so i ordered two of these formula num_num plus ,  num_extend oz bottles .
made order and it was sent after about num_num days i inquired about status of item .
around the third time that i used it the espresso maker stopped working properly .
it s very cheaply made which is why it is priced so cheap .
ten watts isn t much . on the plus side ,  it s cheap .
not only did this coffee not deliver on flavor ,  it actually has a chemically artificial taste .
i tried num_num phones and an external charger and none of them will charge either battery .
i contacted the seller ,  they gave me another date to wait for it .
you have to remove the case which is not easy .
for starters ,  the price offered by amazon was much lower than any of these sellers .
i say this because i have had my phone land face down on the ground .
it s actually slightly painful to the fingers  momentarily ,  but why have to deal with that ?  ?   to work with .
and this was all noticeable the first time we took it out of the box . shame shame .
unfortunately ,  the product does not perform quite as well as expected .
i swear by the reviews on amazon . com ,  but unfortunately i did not read them before purchasing .
also ,  the handle is suitable only for a young kid s hand  should say this in the description  .
it just didn t feel comfortable in my hand .
i got the num_num at staples ,  who claimed that it came withrechargable batteries .
i ve been using a metal scoop for years and this one seemed like it would work better .
it also took num_num weeks from the day i arrived for it to come in .
i have to check the indicator light frequently to ensure my device is being charged .
it s only worth a couple dollars ,  if that .
these cables are cheaply made by mono price .
like i said ,  you get what you re paying for .
and it also bleeds onto the underside of the press where the cast iron touches your food .
furthermore ,  it is difficult to insert the cans between .
tried buying several screen protectors off of amazon for my droid num_extend
i tried it air dry and with a difuser .
just because it lights up doesn t make it quality .
with switch price so low ,  buy a switch instead of this one . size :  num_extend num_extend num_extend of use :  num_extend
the battery was charged ,  it just would work for a few seconds and then stop .
i guess i have a very sensitive stomach and i have to be careful on what i take .
crappy !  it s obviously been used before ,  and the packaging wasn t even fixed much to show otherwise .
even after managing to get the car s stereo to tune in properly ,  there is considerable hiss and distortion .
i bought a plastic one at lowes for num_num bucks .
they were a little snug in the thighs but nothing crazy .
dependableresource even sent me a used fake one purchased as new  . buyer beware .
holding the phone firmly causes it to snap apart on two edges .
i like this company but this product just wasn t good .
wiping tools down with an oily rag would also be a lot cheaper .
i was looking for a waffle maker that made a larger quantity of waffles .
does it work ?  yes ,  but the noise makes the quality just bad simply .
for about $ more than this costs ,  i could buy a  real  digital camera with num_num mp .
while it looks pretty good in my kitchen ,  its actual ability to toast is very poor .
i like garlic ,  but this is just far too overpowering .
i used to buy all sony products in the num_extend
i was so excited to get this item .
i didnt really use this much and even when the iphone screen was unlocked i couldn t see very clear .
well ,  the bottom comes off after some tugging and pulling ,  and it s difficult to put back together .
i am contributing this review to say that i am  or was  a devotee of this product .
but ,  when i received it and inspected it ,  i really don t feel confident in it .
i didn t want my image quality to suffer as i often watch video on my rezound .
i like there other products but this one was a disappointment .
it was cheap and now i know why .
timer only goes up to num_num minutes and does some bizarre numbers thing when the time is up .
now i know to hold onto my playstation num_num for all of these old games .
also look at how cheap it is now ,  and you can tell it s not very popular .
although these are quite cheap ,  they get scratched up quite a lot .
so ,  it isn t just  me  . i really wanted to love this .
i heard these are great ,  but i don t know how to use them .
for the cost of this and a dremel i could have got a much better stock from other manufacturers .
it now only takes a few minutes for all the water to drip out .
well ,  in my experience ,  pants pockets generally are rectangular ,  not square .
big mistake this is the nastiest coffee i ever tried .
now i m in pain with and without it on .
my curiosity gave in ,  and i went and tried it on .
i don t know ,  maybe someone switched batteries then returned the product . updated num_extend battery has terrible life .
this battery did not come close to fitting my htc evo and it was returned asap .
i put a spare headphone cushion over it ,  but there was nothing to keep it in place .
this was supposed to fit my samsung galaxy num_extend and it does not .
the num_extend digital zoom works as advertised ,  but any picture zoomed became pixilated and not at all sharp .
the shade was to light with no undertone .  .  .  . just kind of flat .
it has a thin blade that wrapped around the point .
there is no excess to charge your phone with this on .
num_num x num_num x num_extend dont make my mistake ,  this thing is tiny ,  check the dimensions .
num_extend i like to make big cups of tea ,  about num_num oz mug .
however it leaves the top and bottom exposed to chip and break if the phone where ever dropped .
i have to leave the top on though because too much can come out of there .
the voice reception with this headset was just ok .
i hired someone to clean my laminate floors .
customer service sent me a new one free but it did the same thing .
that gets expensive . products like these should be tested for such defects before being sold to the general public .
this item was great until it stopped working and that was in less than two months .
doesn t go far in actually protecting the phone .
the buttons do not line up on the case properly which makes the casemhard to use .
a bit too small and complicated for a year and a half boy .
you get what you pay . don t waste your time and money .
i wish i d bought another on online and probably will .
one could place it on top of their car or on the trunk as a  failsafe  .
these are way too expensive for what you get .
it did not provide volume like the other products i tried .
despite the positive reviews ,  which is why i purchased this item ,  i had to return it .
unfortunately ,  this thing is really flimsy and quite frequently comes apart when unplugging it from the car outlet .
which is why cast iron cookware doesn t need any aluminum .
the plastic used is just too cheap and brittle . i m glad i only paid $
it is not a great product for its intended use .
there are num_num bendy clips along each metal corner to hold the plastic face plates in .
worst of all the popcorn doesn t taste half as good .
another case of intriguing packaging hiding a very lame product .
i bought this for my son and never opened it .
overall ,  i had high hopes for this product but they sadly fell short  : c .
i paired the headset with both phones ,  but it would automatically update to only one phone .
i don t care for this product and would not purchase again .
compared to my silicone case ,  the tpu case offered less protection .
i guess ill have to purchase one of the darker colored versions of the case .
again ,  this might be due to a faulty machine .
a larger version of this would be preferable since three cups is a small amount to drain .
and we bought two .  .  .   it wasn t terrible ,  but wasn t great .
when i received my package it was missing num_num of the num_num boxes .
the one i received was scratched to heck and scuffed like no other .
thankfully the price was too inexpensive to really bother returning it .
bought two of these for my num_num grand cherokee limited .
in short ,  experience has shown that this product is not durable .
thankfully they are so cheap that it doesn t really matter . just a waste of time .
also ,  the price .  .  .  .  .  .  . i picked up a num_num pack at publix for $
the back of cover is very abrasive  ,  due to material is made of .
i have used it only for light cleaning .
i followed the measurement from the size chart and when i got this it was toooo large .
especially at the higher price .   invest in a better quality .
i think it was from me trying to fit it to the height of my body .
once again it does not even block others from seeing your screen ,  just makes it tinted .
i do not want to have to be in pain when i wear my shoes .
i failed to recognize the fact that the cups were the size of my usual purchase .
i m not saying it won t work for others ,  just doesn t seem to work for me .
i ve been using this for two weeks and there is absolutely no change .
the mouse itself appears to be mechanically excellent ,  but the lack of driver support is unacceptable .
i have another coleman bag that is not to big for a pack .
the cords are not long enough so that you could clip it to the end of a sleeve .
now i have to spend $ for a new screen protector !  !  i wish i could give it num_num stars !  .
i used this with my motorola droid x . sadly ,  this is not a spare battery alternative .
you re better off buying a more expensive one .
the battery had worked well for num_num years ,  but this end was a serious fire hazard .
its a great price ,  but it looks too fake .
this toy is a piece of junk and i m so sorry i bought it for my daughter for christmas .
the grind is way too coarse for my drip coffee maker .
it s not woth the   .  .  .  bucks . overall quality is very poor as well .
these amazon reviews are just nonsense which led me to buy this crap .
the fit of the headset is a bit snug and the adjustment does not help a lot .
i will check back to see if any changes were made .
i was just getting the hang of it .
i got it for $ but i would not recommend you buy it for more than $
changed the batteries ,  yet it is still dead .
i was eager to use the new pan for a thanksgiving dessert .
you need another tool to get ingredients from a soup from the edges of the pot .
these were crispy even though the expiration date was good .
this phone doesn t ,  and that s lame . too big :  the one problem i can t get past is the size .
for digital cameras i don t know ,  it may or may not work fine .
while i was not expecting an expensive pan i was expecting a basic functional pan .
the card holder area it s self is also made of cheap materials and only allows for one card .
it didn t last long and feels super flimsy in my hands .
when i switched back to my old conditioner ,  i no longer had this problem .
i gave it a try and did the same thing .
i expected to like this drink because i like various fruit juices and i like carbonated beverages ,  as well .
should you make the mistake of purchasing these ,  do yourself a favor .
this holster sits very close to my body which is nice ,  but its almost impossible to draw from .
it wasn t bad ,  num_num dollars but i wanted one that i wouldnt waste time ,  money and hopes on .
maybe it works in other situations ,  but not this one .
another one of those gadgets that will sit in my drawer .
plus ,  these clips are really cheap and break easily ,  especially the small teeth .
i was thinking it was going to taste similar to cheetos but no .
not worth it in case it happens to your tub .
i won t buy this again any more  ,  cheap cheap cheap .
i did notice that the headband is a little tight and it certainly isn t very flexible .
cheap ,  barely fits the phone ,  hard to get on and off .
be prepared to empty it each time you use it or it will puddle on the floor .
i have several earphones ,  and this is the first that damage so quickly .
the long slots of the spoon have a tendency to trap some sizes of pasta .
i even see that users of the iphone num_num say the same thing .
i don t think the metal s blade cuts as effectively .
i m returning this and getting another like we already have .
i bought the plastic lids rather than using the metal ones ,  since the metal contains bpa .
the unit showed up and was in impeccable condition ,  only problem was :  audio doesn t stream over bluetooth .
it is ok in terms of resistance and durability but it is too close to the ground .
other than looks it does nothing else for your phone .
my previous experience was with the awesome mediadevil screen protectors for iphone .
i wanted really badly to like this popcorn popper .
okay ,  despite the bad reviews mixed in ,  i wanted to give this stuff a shot .
and by the way ,  these phones use standard nimh aaa rechargeable batteries .
bought this unit in aug num_num and unfortunately the screen developed a crack on it last year .
i even went on the website and tried to find tips on there and in other reviews .
those are made too long for the size ,  too heavy and hard ,  also no cushioning .
this time around i was disappointed with this product .
the reason why i purchased was because of the reviews .
i m not a fan and i won t by buying them again .
parts are cheap ,  but if you don t have replacements ,  you ll have some downtime .
to prove it is the same ,  check the prices at comp usa and other stores .
so i thought i d try this line of products .
save your time and go order a real samsung battery from some other source .
when i received it the item was broken because one of the clasp that hold the phone in place .
i really assumed this would be an equal ,  or close to equal ,  trade considering the higher price .
i bought the game on amazon but they were not the seller .
i have wore a num_extend since i was num_num and have shopped online for years .
after i purchased and then received four num_num oz .
i thought i needed to clean my machine .  .  . however ,  it was this coffee .
during a long vacationyou do risk the battery failing .
to be fair ,  there s nothing really wrong with these slippers .
it was sold to me as a used item ,  so maybe that s why the first guy returned it .
the case is too thin for the iphone num_extend white since it is a little thicker than the black .
there is very little difference between the course and fine grinds .
a lot of steps to get it together and then it doesn t work as it should .
i used this with yes to tomatoes conditioner .
not recommended if you plan on using a headset .
i am very disappointed !  this product used to be worth the extra $ i paid ,  but no more .
i read many of the refiews of this item before i finally decided to buy it .
it seems like a reasonably sturdy rubber ,  but definetly not indestructable ,  especially for any medium to large dog .
it gives me the error something like charging not supported with this device .
look at my reviews to see which one i m talking about .
i was impressed when i first got it but num_num minute later i was dismayed .
the earpads are padded ,  but the headband is not padded .
however ,  the size num_num was entirely too big !  i returned item and ordered the size num_extend
i had only had the toy for a few weeks .
so at the end of the day ,  this product didn t seem to do anything for me .
so ,  read the happy and the unhappy reviews already done .
all the brands of plastic caps that i have tried ,  even the higher priced ones ,  break after a while .
i have an unreliable connection with this cable .
if you can get past the texture ,  they do not taste bad .
however ,  i don t understand why it looks so different from the original .
some of those foods cost over $ for a num_num lb bag .
i am using them to connect a bose num_extend headphones to my sony receiver .
i have to take allergy medicatication after using .
i used it to cook fish ,  so the temp wan t even that hot .
i think there are much better values out there for the money .
it came in one of her gift sets of num_num small mini s .
with all this ,  about the only thing it is good for is thickly slicing bread ,  and maybe small roasts .
tried one more time a couple weeks ago .
if i set it tight enough to hold when flexed ,  it is too loose when not flexed .
it didn t slip or need any adjustment throughout the trip ,  which was num_extend
and doesn t stick well like it s supposed to .
i wanted to like the case but for me its awful .
i use many proraso products ,  but this one was a disappointment .
it fits ok ,  but overall it looks rubbery and when you pull the cover it is elastic .
my old num_extend never gave me a problem in over num_num years .
the droid has a num_num mhzz powervr sgx num_num gpu .
i ve a had my now for a little less than a year .
recently i started using it again ,  for about num_num weeks straight .
when i tried this product i had a feeling it was going to make me break out .
i sent the unit back to amazon the next day .
i purchased this cable on november num_extend num_extend
within a few seconds of my first drink ,  i could sense the taste of a fermented beer like taste .
it is just a screen protector not anti spy like described .
i ve used this off and on for quite a while ,  but don t plan to do so in the future .
but looks aren t the most important part of a snack ,  so i bit in . and it wasn t very good .
the crepe was brown in the center and raw on the outside . now ,  i ve used this for deep dish pizza .
overall i say this toy is  ok  at best .
after a few weeks ,  i had to replace it ,  it was driving us both crazy .
as a consumer ,  i rely heavily on amazon reviews .
i will be giving them as gifts instead .
i guess this one will have to do for now .
this doesn t fit my samsung galaxy ii phone num_extend
number one ,  it s listed at num_num pounds ,  when in reality ,  it s num_extend
the results from this were not what had been expected .
it has very little cleaning force and holds a very small amount of water .
i m annoyed i bought it used for $ that s how bad it is .
like another customer said i could get the same thing for less money at a dollar store .
it even seemed flimsy at first and got stuck while we were trying to figure out how it worked .
these batteries were purchased for a apc charger .
when i received this item it was malfunction and then i bought another item ,  roomba discovery .
also ,  these are made from a very thin material .
it includes twice as many carbohydrates num_extend as protein and a whopping num_num calories .
for less than a dollar shipped i knew i shouldnt have expected much .
i expect a measuring cup to actually measure num_num ounces .
this is another product i was talked in to purchase .
most of the things that i would want to cook take less than num_num minutes .
this offers poor connectivity considering the bulkiness of the install  separate cable to connect and flip up design  .
the plastic feels cheap and nothing snaps together all that great .
not what i thought the product was supposed to .
i like the idea of a healthy soda type drink ,  but this flavor just missed the mark .
not as good as i hoped it would be .
it s loaded with caffeine and not much else .
i have a num_extend year old and a num_extend year old .
i got a size num_num and have a slender foot ,  but could barely get my foot in .
i think it is a bit of a scam .
having had many candies for coffee before ,  i tried these to see if it was a little stronger tasting .
it s not bad .  .  . just doesn t live up to the hype and isn t worth buying again .
i returned this item the day after i bought it .
if i had the time i would return for full refund .
the initial taste was okay ,  yet not quite right .
something went wrong with my earpiece after maybe num_num months if that .
i like a creamy coffee and was mislead by the word  creme  on the name .
i had a droid phone and had signal maybe is just the iphone num_num that has no signal .
just goes to show low cost cheap products .
once i returned it ,  i went to   .  .  .   and just sent it to them to replace .
i give it num_num stars for it being reduced calorie .
but then ,  you get what you pay for . i do want to add that amazon came through for me .
it seems to be a product with a good concept ,  but poorly executed .
the only good thing about it is that you can rinse it under the sink .
if these loosen up ,  i ll update my review ,  but i don t think there s any hope .
perhaps this granola would be better suited for baking .
i am disappointed ,  but it may not be the fault of the product ,  per se .
the item we received was very different than the item pictured on amazon .
the unit must be unplugged and plugged in again to get the gauge working again .
this product never seemed to stick to the screen of the phone .
i didn t think the usb line was this short .
i may keep it because it s comfortable but flattering ?  hardly .
i didn t really like this color or the feel .
the price is not available yet to comment upon .
i ordered the  regular  size ,  not the smaller one .
i returned the item  which was super easy  and wanted to buy another one .
the htc evo num_extend is stated to require a num_num amp charger .
i ll try it again soon ,  but so far ,  not so good .
i never had a problem with those buttttttttt .
when used in the wireless security mode ,  you will often get disconnected by the router .
the only thing you have is improved graphics .  .  . thats nice but for the num_extend there should be more .
this brand used to be one to get .
bought these because the price was right ,  but what a waste of money .
he really was looking fwd to this gift .
so i ll admit ,  i m not a tea person .
they are so cheply made  ,  the car charger did not last more than couple of months .
i have used many other screen protectors and have never had any like these before !  .
i also tried it with soymilk ,  honey ,  sugar ,  milk ,  and both cold and iced .
i cannot believe the price has now jumped to $ plus $ shipping $ per can  .
i usually stick with oem filters ,  which is what i did for my vfr .
joby provides an extra mounting screw ,  but it feels kludgy and difficult to use .
my advice ,  save your money for a higher end stereo .
i purchased this because it does not have a lot of chemicals in it .
yet what i have now with the num_extend is worse .
this item was listed as being compatible with my vehicle .
cost me another $ to get it fixed and it isn t even num_num months old .
i have also noticed that if i am charging the ipad while using it ,  the battery actually still drains .
all it can do in reality is turn the sound down .
the spatula is slightly over num_extend end to end ,  so may not fit in some drawers .
i decided to give this a try  and it was cheap so i figured why not ?   .
i ordered size num_num tall and it like size num_num is more like a size num_extend
i ve been eating gf for over num_num yrs now .
i really thought they would like it because of the texture but boy was i wrong .
hands free ?  not longer ! battery charge life is also poor .
i used it ,  and the first time i used it ,  it wouldn t work !  .
it s really hard to control ,  and it has to be charged after a minute of use .
given the other positive reviews ,  it appears that it could have been just bad luck on my part .
the product description for this item is misleading .
it is very very thin and has a texture and appearance like it has been reconstituted and highly processed .
i used this a handful of times with my samsung num_extend
well ,  these fit the fatter me but i felt fat in them .
too bad the price isn t lower for these cheap things .
my kindle was down to % and fully charged to % after about num_num hours .
that would make num_num cost $ and they want to charge $ this is simply outrageous .
the product i received wasn t what was pictured .
the instructions are pictorial ,  but are not very clear .
i don t know why so i stopped using it .
i used it only a few times ,  then it sat for a few months untouched .
i would buy this brand again ,  but just not this color .
my expectation was entirely different than the product .
i m paying that amount only to have something to tide me over until i can buy something better .
yes ,  i know that it has the forever warranty ,  but .  .  . returned both unused .
unfortunately ,  it cannot carry the high current required to operate and charge most higher end smartphones .
that maybe ok if you can let it charge all night  at least num_num hours  .
but thats the only good part about this product .
there is no reason they should make a charger with the cord this short .
i evenutally had to replace it with a different one .
too bad because the rest of the unit is pretty nice .
it s quite stiff when the writing tip is retracted ,  but flops around a lot while you are writing .
very disappointed in this product !  doesn t do what it promised to do .
usually oxo products are fairly tough and durable ,  but not this one .
the light shields around the eye pieces are very hard and don t flex into your eye socket .
i ll see how long they last but overall i m not impressed .
the shipment did take longer then i expected .
otherwise ,  i m sticking to glass containers from now on .
but then you plug in your headphones ,  and the volume drops way down .
the fabric is light weight and feels cheap despite the price tag .
their advertisement just states num_extend tablet screen protector film .
this thing isn t worth $ much less the $ amazon is asking for .
it was an even lower price in the grocery store .
about as loud as a regular telephone !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  i was looking for loud and just did not get it !  .
then ,  it states twice in the description that the rack comes with num_num glass containers filled with spices .
these are made of plastic and would not thread into my ar .
i also decided that i dislike having to buy the special pads for the unit .
i have tried the product for two weeks now ,  and ,  all i have gotten is the same result .
with as bad as all of these are ,  i m sooooooo glad i read the reviews first .
for what i need ,  it s serviceable ,  but barely .
i thought maybe i had a defective one ,  so i bought another and it was the same thing .
i had to return this to amazon for a refund and fortunately they gave me my full money back .
it runs ,  not too expensive ,  but really doesn t do very much .
other computers can log on via wireless with no problems .
they look more like dress pants than cargo pants .
i am just now getting around to use it and it does not work .
it never really dries ,  and it s not matte .
it is not a safe ,  reliable method of canning .
if you walk away from your phone ,  it goes off and it s a pretty loud sound too .
wow ,  was i looking forward to this after the great reviews .
it doesn t have any kind of mechanism for adjustment ,  so here s hoping it fits your ear .
the heat it puts out is anemic on both settings ,  and the fan would not blow out a candle .
i use the food processor more than the blender and have been disappointed with its design and performance .
however they don t sound good at all the music sounds all echoie and i wouldn t recommend them to purchase .
i finally went out and bought a netgear wireless adapter that was up and running in num_num minutes .
i returned it and bought a netgear num_extend
the remote buttons are small ,  close together ,  and not clearly labeled .
evidently since i have a num_num cf smaller refrigerator and freezer ,  these trays are too big .
when i put this item on my ipod it didn t fit .
until this time !  hard to tear ,  thinner ,  shorter for your hand because of handle .
i would suggest not wasting your money ,  no matter how cheap you find it ,  it s not worth it .
i should have opted for a better device .
check my other reviews ,  i may have reviewed it too .
i ll try another one ,  but chances aren t good that it will taste any differently .
i have been using derma blend since num_extend
in the same area where i d just vacuumed ,  i swept with a regular broom .
i hardly ever write reviews ,  but this one deserved yet another one warning others of its poor quality .
i bought this grinder based on all the positive reviews . there is a serious problem with the design though .
i should have known better than to buy it but it was super cheap and she wanted it .
this tea smells wonderful but the taste when you are drinking it is very plain to me .
i open the package to find that this item was in two pieces .
oh and btw ,  i only weigh num_num lbs .
sorry ,  olay ,  i can t rate it high like the rest of your products .
still i d take them over almost anything teva ,  but not at full price .
i wish i could give it a half star ,  or less .
i strongly urge people with large hands not to consider this knife .
so i tried using the cleaner again ,  i think three times in a row .
it may work for some people but it didn t work for me .
the num_extend roaster arrived with one broken handle .
this is not as cheap as other crimpers i have used and those had decent safety features .
other reviews indicate that this has been an ongoing problem with these headphones .
my num_extend pekepoo is almost too big for it .
the color and fabric was fine but the sizing was off .
it looks great in the pictures ,  but once upon opening the box ,  i was so disappointed .
but ,  it was claimed to have been marked down from around $
i then bought an ipod and tried the different options that i bought for her .
i had high hopes for this product based on the reviews on amazon .
while i have not had a problem with cracking i have had a problem with them mantaining a seal .
num_extend is my favorite system ,  but don t waste your time with one of ea s downgraded products for it .
did not create the desired look i was going for which was a shear pink .
however ,  the effect only lasted a matter of days .
i would not buy these ,  not worth the trouble .
then when i brush it out ,  my brush ends up with all this residue on it .
the main feature i was looing for was having a headset that would work with num_num phones .
i didn t really want to spend $ for an otterbox .
the bottom line here is that this product just doesn t do what it promises .
the screen protector did not cover the entire screen .
even when centered over the apple ,  i still had bits of core and seeds on some of my slices .
this kit looks cool but does not work very well .
wow did i have high hopes for this .
maybe a really expensive durcell mobile battery will actually work ,  guess i will have to look into that .
i bought a case of these because they were cheap .
in addition ,  the power button is easy to turn on by accident and thereby drain the battery .
it was a decent camera in it s day  circa num_extend but quite limited compared to technology of num_extend
i also felt like the price was very expensive .
however ,  they might have straightened out their act after i reported the mistake to their customer service .
i ve only had this pan for about two years .
i ll preface this saying i don t have much experience with this type of product .
btw ,  my hands are not so sensitive to heat normally .
this item is too small for large amounts of pasta .
if you don t like spices ,  then this is your soup .
so ,  i bought another of the exact same model .
i m adding a macbook wireless connection using mac os internal airport . the problem here is ,  probably ,  not with the technology .
also when i folded it back ,  it would lose shape .
i was really excited to get it too .
it did not cover nicely under the eye .
nowadays it s extremely cheap and you can probably get a copy off of ebay for num_num bucks max .
it s extremely hard to get it on and it doesn t stand up .
material is cheap ,  colors not vibrant once blown up a and poor quality .
it was a num_num time use for sure .
i have a phone that keep track of call times and it reported a num_num minute hold time .
i ordered this battery as a back up for my new samsung galaxy num_extend phone .
otherwise ,  the packaging and labels on the product were exactly the same .
they are stuff and not comfortable at all .
i am not willing to send these back ,  but i won t be buying them again .
works fine but some of the once i ordered did not work .
this is for someone petite or elderly or needing therapy for an injury .
i m going to have to buy a different one .
i was expecting something more like a cookie .
so ,  i m glad i didn t pay money for this .
my mom gave this to my son  almost num_extend for christmas .
it is composed of a hard material ,  so there is absolutely no give .
we threw out one of the older ones ,  because of  suspected  corrosion issues with the battery contacts .
tech armor claims this screen saver is for the iphone num_num and num_extend
parts were covered since it was less than a year ,  gee thanks .
needless to say they didn t cancel the order and it arrived just days later .
i found the install to be easy and painless but the net result is disappointing .
second ,  the colors are washed away ,  grayish ,  dull .
many people use a regular coffee maker ,  but mate needs num_extend water .
for me ,  i think the problem stems from how difficult the battery is to maintain .
that was the reason we decided to spend $ on our kitchenaid mixer .
it came with a broken hinge which holds the metal spring closure together on the edges .
it it a bit too small and i would not recommend this screen protector .
other then that i m sure it would have worked fine .
this stuff just does not taste that great to me will not buy again  !  .
i was so excited thinking it would actually taste like cookies and cream .
the only good thing about this mouse is that it looks decent .
do yourself a favor get a better quality brand .
or at least ,  that s what it s supposed to do .
it propped my phone up but i could not use certain screen protectors with it .
so i wanted to add a battery disconnect to my rv batteries and ordered this .
cute ,  but too thin and stretchy !  i couldn t .
but i was excited about trying the product and the fact that it didn t need refrigerated at all .
the case is not as hard as it looks in the photo .
maybe the battery ,  but i don t know if it s worth replacing .
i ve used them before and have absolutely no complaints about them .
scoop surface appears to be chrome but not .
i m going to try washing it and then will cut off the extra length and hem it .
the seller was great and replaced it immediately ,  but i still did not like it s overall feel .
however ,  you would expect that it would be able to withstand some rain when someone is out running .
hard to apply and very hard to take off .
i m glad we didn t pay any more than that .
in that sense ,  almost any standard fan is reversible . it doesn t blow very much .
however ,  it s so cheap with rebate ,  it cost less than the freakin  earbud covers i wasted money on .
don t believe all of the num_num star reviews like i did .
i have to take the case off to charge my phone !  .
no or very low volume in one ear .
i used plenty of coffee ,  so that is not the problem .
with what was provided ,  i am not impressed but maybe the flavor needs a chance to be savored .
unfortunately ,  the flavor is nowhere close to the brands i ve tried before .
i can t believe this is what calphalon is selling as a commercial pan with a suggested retail of $
as a result ,  the wood can develop off smells .
and i didn t bounce num_extend which is why it got num_num stars instead of num_extend
the napkins randomly come out in chunks of num_num or more .
taste varies ,  but i would not drink it again .
it aired out my little kitchen as i expected from its size .
i was excited to get it for my grandson because it was my favorite toy as a kid .
it s not worth the plastic it s pressed on .
turns out ,  despite having a new machine ,  i had to update every driver for the graphics and sound .
i used this faithfully for a month and saw no difference .
but truthfully i only eat cereal on occasion when i get the hankerin  for it .
i like the battery life and the stereo ear buds but i wouldn t get it again .
my husband doesn t see the point in rinsing dishes before putting them in the dishwasher .
i can say ,  that they did respond quickly and they refunded my money .
i used these ,  several since they often failed after a while ,  for making ice creams ,  creme brulee ,  etc .
i have not been able to tell if this works ,  because num_extend
i was hoping it was red all around to make it more femanine .
after arriving broken ,  it was glued with various glues so it would work .
of course it s made in china ,  whose products seem to be getting worse in quality .
i tested this with my num_extend and num_extend
the stupid wire keeps getting in the way .
i was hopeful that it d be better due to the positive reviews but it was just bad .
i was really disappointed after reading such great reviews about this product .
not worth the time and money i put into purchasing it .
they still work but the wires and board show . the only plus about this product is ,  its metal housing .
i couldn t get it to stay in my ear .
i ordered num_extend and got more like num_extend
these are annoying to put on ,  annoying to wear .
i m not unhappy to see that it is presently out of stock here at amazon .
even though i have an iphone ,  i thought i would diversify and go after an android based platform .
i wanted to hook up three computers in my house to the internet and i also wanted something wireless .
even cheap generic batteries when they leak did not make this much of a mess .
it is an absolute shame that the bigger and newer unit is less reliable than a first generation unit .
my experience with it had been uneven sometimes it seemed to work but more often it did not .
the shell is fine ,  but as a package ,  don t waste your money ,  buy the real otterbox .
i would never pay full price for this .
people ,  if it has a spout ,  users expect it to pour properly  duh  .
it is slightly bitter ,  but not unpleasantly so .
i had to wait weeks for it to arrive .
buy spray cans instead ,  no clean up and less expensive .
however it covers your phone too well and enter fears with you bottom phone bottoms .
i am unable to hear others ,  however other can hear me .
the unit heats up hot and has warped it s own plastic .
i expected something for the price to be thicker made .
the switch was firmly stuck in one place .
i m going tho miss it to be honest .
it sounds like there is additional fuzz in the treble .
it was dirt cheap so i didn t care too much .
this num_extend charging dock is ,  however ,  a little disappointed .
it looks like it s been worn for a year .
if i could return a used product i would .
i exchanged it for the num_extend rail brand .
some people may feel this product works fine ,  but not for me .
to my surprise ,  the battery life went down while plugged in with the navigation on .
the blade assembly ,  like on many other units ,  can be placed in the dishwasher .
when the first unit failed  out of warranty  i called cuisinart and learned that the coffemaker is not repairable .
i have hardwood floors in my home ,  and i used this mop to clean a tiny bedroom .
i am sure some people can use this product perfectly ,  but i am not one of those people .
this really is too wide for most people .
i have had several of these ,  and they were fine ,  but this one only lasted a week .
i wouldn t waste my money again on this product .
i received the charger num_num days later so can t complain about slow shipping .
the picture does look like the one that came with my htc phone .
so whatever they smell they like it .  .  . i dont smell it .
it was very hard to get clean and requires too much continued care to keep the seasoning intact .
i tried to use this charging my samsung note num_num and motorola photon .
the same goes for sound ,  which is minimal ,  and music ,  which is poor if even existent .
i had to trim around the mag release button just slightly .
but this bt one is only just okay .
these speakers on definitely on the low end of sound quality .
it s not worth the money you ll have to put into it .
the apple logo cut out and the camera cut out are beveled to protect the device .
i just reloaded an older firmware version and now it can be num_extend
i don t have anything against lemon fragrance ,  quite the contrary .
it even stains whatever you are are putting it on .
due to this ,  i assume the previous great reviews are based on the former price .
i would have liked it to be longer .
we use it only for turning eggs in a small pan and mostly every day .
i was skeptical because i read some not so great reviews .
apparently a design flaw allows the oily beans to stick together enough not to feed well .
lifetime warranty ?  you ll need it since you ll wait a lifetime to get your replacements .
the static only exists when the volume is deafening .
i write a lot and was hoping to use this pen to free up paperwork .
the headphones do not fold ,  therefore putting them into a bag or carrying them around is more cumbersome .
was not happy with the material or screen protector .
your fingers at at serious risk using this .
i have been reading numerous complaints voiced by other users .
this is a very solidly made toy ,  but as for being a shape sorter .  .  . it s a joke .
unless you plug in the  optional  power supply .
maybe it was a used battery someone else had returned .
this is just noodles and the vegetable is more of a garnish .
i the few reviews there were ,  but this didn t help my issues .
i will say that it leaves the eye and lip area tacky to the touch .
this set was for the electric stove which has num_num small burners and num_num large one .
its tough to describe what they taste like .
i dont doubt the quality of this product ,  it just didnt work out for me .
i bought it because it was so cheap that it was practically free .
i see from amazon s product alert that my calphalon was bought in num_extend
when i purchase flavored coffee ,  i want it to taste flavored .
doesn t really seem that solid ,  but haven t tried it out .
i hope the product works for someone ,  but it does not work for me .
i m returning it and am contemplating purchasing another one .
i thought it might be a fluke ,  so i bought another ,  but the second one broke after three months .
i used a pet hair roller ,  wet cloth ,  fabric cleaners ,  everything and can not get those little hairs off .
it worked ok for her . did not do much for me .
they said ,  they didn t but they dont  even make this battery anymore ,  you should get the num_extend battery instead .
they just sit in my closet . i thought they would be like other ones i had purchased at jcp .
but ,  when i pluged the cable into my computer to charge my phone ,  then unpluged it .
my last weber lasted num_num years and i can t imagine why this one wouldn t do the same .
there is too muh leeway since the tether slides along the length of the seat belt .
there was a layer of bubble wrap on one side .
i purchased one previously and didn t have trouble with it .
being digital ,  it either works or it does not work . the num_extend does what it says .
something i use a lid for now that is very inconvenient and doesn t work very well .
i was so excited; i could barely wait to get it .
when i open a can it does not have good power and is not easy to operate .
because of this ,  we ve dealt with the following num_extend
you have to remove the case because the armband only has just enough room for the phone itself .
however ,  this battery caused my phone to slow down to a crawl .
the design of these should be fine but it s not .
i don t know what i was expecting but these have a strange consistency and flavor .
two summers ago i was so excited to get this .
it wasn t my pc because i could disconnect it ,  then plug the other one in which would communicated fine .
it may be that light scratches are less likely to show in a product this soft .
i bought this just because it was cheap with free shipping .
i ve had this printer for about num_num years .
i do not have this problem with the wired version .
but first i want to say that i really hoped to like this item .
this one broke after only a few months of use .
you have groups of peppermints in combinations of num_num i . e .
they were much smaller than i realized ,  but that would ve been ok if they looked better .
i m not at all impressed with the sound quality .
there are num_num different ways to install it and i ve tried all num_extend
the folding design and the thin padding are the num_extend
i dropped my phone num_num times the first day  and i still had the smartclip in my hand  .
num_num one star reviews should not be dismissed or ignored .
the second thing i noticed is that the display is very hard to read .
i read the reviews to see if others are experiencing this ,  and am not sure .
i don t take issue with the thing breaking :  i dropped it ,  after all .
even on the thickest ratio ,  car soap does spray out but it doesn t cling to the paint .
i eventually tried mounting it on top of my ar .
i never had any other cuisinart appliances ,  large or small and surely won t buy another after this .
i ordered this product to give it a try ,  even there s a lot of bad reviews on the website .
i m going back to using those and won t buy this product again .
been using it consistently for like num_num weeks .
for the price i guess it could work but personally i don t think it s for me .
it just keeps making noise !  oh ,  and the volume is loud ,  too !  save your money !  .
wow ,  never had an issue with my battery nor charging system .
they were used for a while but did not always work with the touch screen .
i have num_extend num_num bit  although on the website it says it is .
it takes my phone at least num_num hours to charge everytime and it s not my battery .  .  . never again .
they delivered num_num pack of screen protector  good thing  but unfortunately none of them worked so well .
it only worked for a month then it would charge my phone anymore .
unfortunately this jar opener does not work all that well .
the phone warns you that its getting too much voltage .
it is a bit too large and the case just won t fit right .
unfortunately these underwear feels like a medium even though i ordered a small .
however ,  the audio quality of these earphones are seriously bad .
this product does not fit a stratosphere phone .
suffice it to say ,  i sent them back almost as quickly as i received them .
for the price of this i expected more .
therefore ,  i really cannot say for sure whether this is a good product or not .
i am in process now of attempting to get it repaired or a motor to fix it myself .
otherwise ,  if you buy this ,  i suggest you be ready to return it  at seller s expense !   .
the other num_extend ways    mid , bass of the speaker plays fine but only on low settings .
when i plug in the unit ,  the power indicate light came on .
but even in ideal conditions  good lighting ,  fast shutter speed ,  tripod mounted  ,  it is still a subpar performer .
yet my other game i purchased from amazon by download had no problems at all running .
don t count on wireless to work . i hope you have better luck with this thing .
they protected the phone screen from getting scratched ,  but the protector had to be tossed and replaced .
it also seems overpriced considering how small the container is .
finally i received the replacement and num_num weeks later ,  it breaks again . there is a design flaw with this item .
very frustrating that you have to take it off to charge the phone .
the front and back are nce and shiny ,  but overall ,  from external appearances ,  i was not impressed .
the mounting screws are simply too close together and front heavy for the recoil .
the packaging was fine and showed no signs of physical abuse .
the constant cleaning is such a hassel i d rather just pull out the regular num_extend
based on the reviews and my research on amazon ,  this antenna seemed like a safe and cheap option .
my home remote ,  and one of my cellphones will not charge properly using this adapter .
i like the color ,  the price but it will not stay clipped to my phone .
so i bought another one !  it just broke also after about a month .  .  .  .  . same exact way .
i had great expectations for this product ,  but am highly disappointed .
after it came ,  i was appalled by the sound quality .
i opened to box and behold a chipped off tip to a bread knife i payed expedite shipping for .
cheap yes ,  but i expected more from this brand .
based on the price ,  i have to admit that i was not expecting a premium quality brush .
i am not sure whether this product works or not .
so i had to send it back to get it replaced .
i considered a larger size but i could tell that the width would be too narrow .
if the case wasnt on then my phone may not have cracked on the fall from num_num feet .
i m not sure how this got so many high reviews .
the only thing i really like is the size .  .  . i will be replacing this for something more carefully designed .
it does not look as good as the picture .
it s tolerable ,  but for the price ,  it s not worth the buy for me .
i don t know if it ever does anything besides stop  beating  when the battery is dead .
if you are num_extend order num_num or num_extend
i was searching for qi charger and this came up .
i finished the box i bought ,  but i do not plan to buy another box .
cooking with butter might not be as healthy ,  but this stuff just tastes nasty ! do not buy .
that wasn t an option with my old iphone without sending it off for an expensive battery swap .
i like the idea of this product ,  but it is just not executed well .
the first thing i made in it was a roast chicken ,  using the rack .
i returned the crate the day after i received it .
i was so excited to get this product .
how are people using it ,  if somebody has suggestions let me know .
after reading reviews on amazon and other places for garden hoses ,  i chose this hose .
thought i was getting a  good  deal but this is not what i was expecting .
i don t understand the high ratings for this product .
i thought this case was metal ,  but its cheap plastic .
they re not the worst shoe in the world but they re just a bit cheap feeling to me .
i ve tried making some adjustments but it is still difficult to control .
this product looks and feels great but is complete junk .
even after i fix it ,  it is still going to be unbalanced and wobbly .
i have tried several brands of premium batteries with the same results .
no surprise as it is hard to find a springform pan that does not leak .
i do like themetal pummel in a handle for breaking the side windows out during an automobileextraction .
i didn t want to purchase it because of the price .
while the product itself is sound ,  it s much too bulky to fit into all my existing shoes .
i expected a much better flavor considering it was hormel .
i was excited to get this cleaning kit and when it did i was disapointed .
so i was looking for an alternative that might suffice .
once that happens ,  the butter migrates under the glaze and turns rancid .
i was excited to try out this interface and see what it could do .
sure this product is cheap ,  but after a few times you will wish you had taken my advice .
the beverage fell short for me ,  and here s why .  .  .  . i didn t really get a strong coffee taste at all .
otherwise ,  the noise from the cooler fan is somewhat disturbing especially in a quiet scene .
a home amp sends minimal power to the headphones as opposed to high power to the speakers .
however i had no problem getting a return label or my money refunded .
wow here i am writing a bad review .
the negative reviews were not enough to stop me from making the purchase .
but doesn t work to significantly help with sound .
it tastes kind of like cheesey ,  yeasty ,  and very salty .
in this store the price was nearly num_extend that it is on amazon .
if i could i d give it no stars .
anyway ,  i use mine to keep powdered sugar in .
i used to cook in a slow cooker at least once a week .
i think i will stick with panasonic rice cookers .
so it was that i had high hopes for starbucks natural fusions vanilla coffee .
i don t know who s making them now ,  but the quality isn t there any more  like so many products today  .
got two years tops out of the battery which cannot be replaced .
after two more times i just returned it to amazon .
just used these once and they do not have the same issue .
none of it matters when the item breaks less than a month after using it .
these headphones are uncomfortable ,  poor fitting and terrible sounding .
got the jbl flip num_extend and it is num_num times as loud .
i know that now because i went to the motorolla site and purchased the $ battery from them .
something that has been num_extend start out of num_extend
i ve had it with nonperforming products ,  hence the many one star reviews i m about to give .
it may just be my brand of phone ,  not sure .
sadly ,  the bottom is not flat ,  but has grooves and angles .
the only one that stays on is the small one i use for my pug .
the rods and wall attachments are made from very lightweight ,  thin metal ,  and almost feel like cheap plastic .
there s no question the silicone case must offer better shock resistance .
i would recommend spending a few dollars more to buy some better ones as these are just bad quality .
i had to call them up and clarify that i got this from amazon .
i don t think this product works for me .
i thought i d try this based on some lovely reviews ,  but sadly this wasn t for me .
hooked it up ,  the connection was great ,  turn the cb on and it was like there was nothing attatched .
without it ,  the pictures come off blury and off color  even with white balance adjusted  .
taste is ok; texture is something like straw .
but i am disappointed since the colors look so beautiful ,  but sadly i can t use it .
first ,  i would have never bought these simply due to their cost alone .
i have a small speaker unit that i use to listen to an hd radio and a pc .
now the blue light stays on ,  but batteries do not charge .
i really have not found it to be a big problem .
they look vaguely like the high end studio headphones used by sound engineers ,  but the similarity ends there . not recommended .
because of this ,  i cannot get a great sound .
it was supposed to have comfortable ear gels .
i would not buy these in the future .
not bad ,  just not what i was expecting . i next tried it as a dry snack .
this cord takes about twice as long to charge my ipad num_num in comparison to my oem cable .
the droid is a bit heavier than the num_extend but only by num_extend oz .
great price but unfortunately this product didn t work for me .
this isn t good enough ,  i prefer to use the corded headset . i am returning this product to amazon .
overall ,  i m not super impressed and wouldn t buy it again .
they do seem to work ,  just not what i wanted .
i sent it back and the replaced it with a working one but the trouble warrants a bad review .
i had high hopes for this travel mug .
when i first bought this ,  i would have rated it a num_extend
it just did not blend like other sweeteners i tried .
i am one of the few who purchased this and imediately got my money back .
in my case i didn t need this replaceable battery thing ,  because it stops working before the battery life stops .
i purchased this item as a temporary replacement bc i lost mine .
by the way ,  i have no idea if the $ corkscrew works any better so beware .
this product has great reviews but it did not work for me .
the phone cord is too short to really use it as a phone .
you will not get the real experience of stovetop style espresso from this item .
i ll be replacing this filter as soon as i can .
i ordered a num_extend my normal us size .
this num_extend is an adapter to get the laptop peripheral num_extend to work in a desktop .
i ve had one of these for probably num_num years now  the original pal ,  not the ipal  .
presumably ,  you are supposed to be able to listen to music ,  check the time ,  use additional apps ,  etc .
a game that took num_num years to develop ,  well ,  you know something s not right .
you can tell from the cheapness of the product  and packaging  that this wasn t just a bad pair .
dropped it a few times with the bumper and nothing happened to my phone .
it looks ok with my grey clothes ,  but it is not grey .
i use a bluetooth device to  sometimes  talk when i m driving .
haven t put it to use yet ,  so can t say if it will buckle when heat is applied for cooking .
i make a habit of collecting several of them i find tossed on the ground everywhere .
i ve only washed and dried mine by hand thus far .
i found this product very difficult to install .
although this product looks like a monster product i highly doubt it was .
keep in mind ,  at this time i had the num_extend
these would best be described as slight noise reduction not canceling .
i think that this is what makes these headphones so crummy .
what does it really protect against ?  maybe some scratches ,  but that s about it .
first ,  i didn t like the plastic bottle ,  i prefer glass .
so buy one of those ,  not this piece of garbage .
i ve had it since early january and now i wish i had never bought it .
sugar ,  vegetable oil ,  dried milk , dried whey ,  peanut meal ,  corn flour .
i believe i paid a dollar for two of them ,  so i didn t waste too much .
bummer ,  don t need this on my num_extend that takes a num_extend micro sd without any problems .
it s just ok and is not worth the price imo .
for num_num bucks you get a long num_extend focal length .
i think that mine must have had a defect because the pan did not heat evenly at ll .
it tasted like coffee made with old milk .
i have never in my life actually thrown away a full product ,  until this one .
i took it for almost num_num weeks and i didn t notice much except some gas at first .
i use the phone with several other sets of headphones and don t have this problem with any of them .
that s not to say it doesn t work for some people .
i think it may have been made in china .
it created a little bit of a mess each time i used it .
these headphones fit my head fine but the sound is awful .
this item does not use sound waves at all ,  but simple vibration as a cleaning mechanism .
i have verizon wireless in the washington d . c .
the lock back lever is too tight for such a small knife .
i have put worse things in my mouth ,  so i m giving this num_num stars .
however ,  a few months is all you get .
however ,  the company was good about return and refund ,  and i paid no return shipping .
i bought this thinking it was for the iphone num_extend
it is not an apple product but a knockoff or possibly a reject .
i ve now gone through two sets of these .
why ?  because i thought a lot of extra work was going into it .
the handle is very flimsy ,  it feels like its about to break everytime i use it .
it was not damaged in delivery because the box was in perfect shape ,  just poor quality control .
if you want to use this for your ipad or iphone then find another product .
first of all ,  there are at least two num_extend devices ,  very different in appearance ,  that are both called num_extend
i have used it many times camping and i wish i didn t buy it .
i don t have big hands and my fingers get trapped in the tiny handle .
i thought it could be removed but it can t .
the idea is a good one ,  but it seems too cheaply made .
i really don t want to buy this product again !  .
i am sorry we purchased this toy for my num_num year old .
after receiving this item and charging it up ,  i paired it to my android .
it s a lot smaller than i anticipated and the quality is mediocre at best .
you are paying for the name with these .
i have to use pliers to get the teeth back into the proper slot .
i tried to return the product and amazon said they would return it for % of the purchase price .
the num_extend  version num_extend cable modem is not linksys  best product .
all in all i wish i had read the customer reviews before i bought this pos .
but that s the only good thing i have to say about them .
in any event ,  this stuff tastes vile and has too many calories for me to buy it again .
i m going to spend more money and get something i can have confidence in .
both units are on their way back to amazon . com as i write this review .
however ,  i get much weaker signals  and call quality  on this phone vs .
i have the old braun blade grinder in storage ,  on standby .
i have an iphone num_num and thought i would give this a try .
so ,  no ,  i wouldn t recommend this item to purchase .
i struggled to drink it and don t think it s something that i d be able to recommend .
a couple of times a day it loses connection and needs to be reset .
also ,  the price is excessive considering that it doesn t do as claimed .
it cost me $ to fix it .  .  . but it was never right again .
plus ,  it does not need to be kept in the freezer ,  but only run under cool water .
they arrived august num_extend so i ve had them a little over a month and a half .
tried cell phone ,  num_num different phones in the house ,  and a pay phone .
my mind isn t blown by the product not working .
i sent this back immediately after trying it on .
invest a few extra $ and at least get the num_num series or the newest model .
i was hoping this tool to be good ,  but it has poor design .
even the samsung galaxy num_extend blows this phone away in speed .
and for the cost ?  that is very unacceptable .
the savings on the environment it is sorta of a no brainer .
i just purchased this exact model from amazon a few days ago .
however ,  i took it out to use it today ,  and i noticed that there are holes in the side .
guess i ll just use it for garden work .
however ,  for the price i paid ,  i can t expect anything else .
it is bulky and you re better off getting a small lock box instead of this .
this phone is overpriced it should cost $ like the nokia num_extend nokia num_extend or nokia num_extend
they caused me to go out and buy another amp .
not completely unpleasant ,  but not pleasant . but more important than the tactile feel of the confection is the taste .
the color and construction were fine but if you re truly short don t buy these .
i believe this is a design flaw and not an issue with the unit we received .
at num_num bucks it s not a bad deal .
i bought this and the key didn t work .
i like to change phone covers often and had difficulty getting this one off my phone .
first the pictured item is a tan or sunburst color but the one i received was pink .
i called amazon and they did issue me a refund .
but wait ,  somebody had put notches in this blade too !  today ,  i figured out what it must be .
cook over medium heat ,  stirring occasionally ,  to num_num degrees  firm ball  .
some of the ingred in this product are toxic to your body .
my bike light went out and i replaced the toshiba batteries with these .
i paid over $ when it came out ,  plus an extended warranty .
i see in some forums and other reviews on amazon that this has happened to many others .
the display is dim ,  it s complicated to program and difficult to use .
the price for this product was cheap at $ on amazon but at walgreens the price is $
i ve only been using for a week ,  not seeing much improvement .
it s not that there is anything wrong with the product .
light flicked and then turned off while in the  on  setting .
i just ordered a replacement pair of clarks .
they really need to start making these chargers better .  .  .  . i ve been thru several !  !  !  !  .
too strong to easily clip to your pocket ,  to slow to remove from your pocket .
better try another brand ,  or spend a buck or two more to get a better product .
i didn t use a lot either since it was the first time using it .
i have not used the product yet so i cannot comment on its effectiveness .
like many people said the knife shreds meat .
:   it didn t taste all that great ,  either .
i ve only used it once because i was afraid of ruining it .
when it came in today ,  installed it and charge my phone up and nothing .
either way ,  i will use this every day until it s gone .
it does not work well for my electric stove top .
i ll just use it to hang something else if i decide to get a better rack .
after reading some of the other reviews ,  i had some doubt about purchasing this item .
figuring it was maybe just one bad battery ,  i tried the other one .
based on the reviews i ordered a num_num wide num_num e .
had a heck of a time assembling it ,  actually broke a few of the connection brakets in the process .
it is very hard to understand due to the low quality of the voice recording .
i ordered the screen protectors for the att galaxy note num_extend
based on the reviews of this product i couldn t wait to try it .
if i ever decide to use protective screens again ,  i ll spend more money for a better product .
in fact ,  i have a hard time recommending it .
my biggest concern is the handle and blade are not securely attached and there is play between the two .
don t waste the money ,  even if it is cheap .
when i look for a green tea ,  i want just green tea and not several different other herbs .
for the price  double to triple the cost they are not worth it .
this electric sharpener nearly ruined my good knives .
i had this for less than three days .
the product is extremely cheaply made ,  and the back is even open .
but the food ,  prepared ,  only takes up about half of the cup .
i can apply screen protectors without getting even one single air pocket .
had been working great ,  then suddenly i could hardly hear music through the left ear .  . then not at all .
it is very hard plastic and not easy for her to grip .
also ,  the measurements are off ,  if you are a baker of pastery or recipe s that call for exact measurements .
these are more like a woman s size num_extend
i first mixed a cup of brown rice according to the instructions .
i have older ,  worn out cables that work better than these .
i m still looking for one that tastes like butter .
i was using this for a while actually and i only see very little difference .
it would be nice to have a snack without corn . the taste ,  its kind of hard to describe .
there are better products on the market from other companies .
it is not intended to be air tight .
i was nearly bowled over when i opened the vacuum sealed package .
the ear pieces themselves might have been good had it not been for the fit .
on the other hand ,  if you like your coffee meek and weak ,  you may well like this .
i shouldn t knock the product but it looked pretty ridiculous when i got it .
i purchased this at a store ,  not here on amazon .
these are just way too expensive for what it is .
something that isn t sweetened with sugar at all is preferable ,  of course .
i d give this num_num and a half stars if i could .
it worked fine for a couple months then just quit working .
i kept this one ,  but won t buy another .
this was one of those purchases i would have rather not made .
you need to know how it will operate with your other hardware  e . g .
the sound quality sucks one side works when it wants to the other side doesn t work at all .
however ,  it really isn t as strong as i like it to be .
spend the extra money and get a better one .
it was supposed to be hot pink but was red .
they arrived promptly and we were quite excited by the product initially however this excitement quickly disappeared .
the only negative thing id say is the rubber that s around the case itself .
it looks sturdy enough but no good for me .
i ve had no issues with screen touch sensitivity .
this was not at all what i expected .
it was good for a while ,  then it started being bad .
i would be getting a refurbished unit ,  most likely .
i ve only had it for two days and i m already planning on purchasing a new case .
it s not a bad coffee ,  but it just tasted kind of one note .
very cheap and flimsy ,  id rather have bought another one at my local grocery store ,  they are much sturdier .
i m less enthusiastic about the coffee maker itself which is just average in build quality .
this was not what i expected at all .
my skin isn t all that sensitive but it broke me out in these ,  red ,  almost chapped patches .
i didn t care i like the way they looked ,  even more once i put them on .
the quality of the cable is nice but it does not function correctly . in short : don t bother with this .
i guess if you have sensitive feet like mine ,  it just isn t a good idea .
i had only been using it for a couple months .
i was encouraged by the many positive reviews of this product but it simply did not work for me .
it also does not close completely so you have some spills coming out of it .
lately i ve been replacing a few kitchen gadgets that just don t work right ,  and this is one of them .
the sides and back are cheaply thrown together .
however you do get what you pay for .
the first time i put it in the oven and heated it ,  i heard a pop from the oven .
thank god for other brands !  while the length was fine ,  the hips and waist were way to small .
plus ,  you might as well get the cheaper standard vga cable .
i don t have much of a review for this product .
this phone is just lousy ,  and so is virgin mobile  service  .
i finally recieved my order ,  it took much longer than i was told .
most of these cables might work fine but the one i got was bad .
i tried the xl and it was too big .
summary :  with basically brand new batteries the forerunner was % useless to me today .
i read a lot of reviews and watched about num_num videos on youtube .
my oem apple charger lasted me num_num years .
i wasn t really expecting much for the price and for the purpose of this item .
not that this is not without its uses .
i should have paid attention to the other reviews i read before buying .
i am not comfortable filling it the carrying it by the handles because the lid can open easily .
nevertheless ,  i figured i d try this itrip with my ipod because it is completely cordless .
i am trying a new product and hoping for better results .
the built in screen protector collects dust and dirt under it .
i bought this to replace the old samsung charger that i lost camping .
i m not sure why i bought it ,  but it hit the trash pretty quickly .
so while i was getting ready for my new corgi puppy i purchased this from amazon .
of course now that more than num_num days have elapsed i m stuck with it .
i guess it all comes down to this ,   you do get what you pay for  .
i don t see all the hype in this portable gaming device .
the only thing good about this coffee maker is the mug .
this product didn t have the results i expected .
the only redeeming quality of this phone is the call quality .
i would have this plugged all day and it showed as if it was still charging .
the problem i have with the product is the container .
when i saw how much cheaper these were than traverse bay i decided to check them out .
apparently a  handle replacement kit  is available from the manufacturer ,  and i have inquired how i might order one .
however a num_extend lexar media num_extend provided by minolta with the camera works ok .
the device i received appeared to have been damaged and reassembled .
get better fitting shoes since these will not hold loose straps up .
i don t know that i d buy this again .
the battery may be fine but i ordered this to replace one in my watch .
i originally bought these because when i wear short sleeve shirts ,  my undershirt sleeves often show .
i really didnt expect these glasses to be high quality because they were very cheap .
with a num_num mhz processor ,  you would think that this phone was going to have some speed .
i gave this num_num stars just because she can get it down .
i have been waiting on this product since nov .
what was i thinking buying lee ?  maybe it was the price .
cans were all damaged ,  but the packaging was intact ?  hmmm .
i thought i was reordering the same brand ,  but mistakenly bought these inferior bags .
i had this for num_num years and used it about once a month .
you get what you pay for ,  and you don t get much ,  apparently ,  at the price this unit goes for .
on a positive note there were no issues returning it .
i ended up asking for a new  more expensive  one for christmas to replace this one .
disappointed that it didn t last more than a couple months .
it gave a different reading each time i attached it to the num_extend
this thing looked great in the picture but what a strange way for it to work .
eventually it just stopped working altogether whether or not a new battery was in it .
why is it so hard to just get a real battery to replace the oem one ?  .
after a few months of use i barely got it to last longer than num_num hours . do yourself a favor .
optical cables are simple ,  this one is sub par .
tried it several times with varying amounts ,  then ended up throwing it out .
i have no idea how it got so many num_num stars .
if you need a scissors on your pocket knife ,  get a wenger .
i m sure it cost them like $ from china to produce .
if you are willing to put up with this aggravation you would probably be buying a good machine .
but i ve actually had canned coffee from supermarkets that possessed more personality than this stuff .
if you look closely ,  you see that it is not obvious which side of the blade is sharp .
i m not satisfied with the product at all .
this blow dryer was ok for the year or so i used it .
i finally stopped using it and bought a separate grinder .
this model ,  the num_extend earwave boom ,  is one of num_num jabra headsets i have ordered .
i am having some tendons or joint pains in the elbow .
lubegard is clearly a better product  but not all their other products are superior though  .
i bought my anker num_num here on feb num_extend
i ordered these for refills because it was more fpr a cheaper price .
the digital read out is not very bright either .
it took almost num_num hours for it to get hot .
but this thing is so cheap ,  you get what you paid for .
for me it has an odd feel in the hand not uncomfortable but odd  for me  .
the only thing that was lighter was my wallet after buying this .
no way does this product perform as promised .
something to which i never quite got accustomed .
what i look for in a case num_extend
for the money i expected a whole lot more than this .
the tuners are as cheap as they come ,  the finish is cheap ,  there is no decoration ,  no protective edging .
i usually use at this time num_extend this one is num_extend too but not fit ,  were disappointed  :    .
the second time i used it ,  it came apart .
after reading the reviews ,  i though this product was going to meet my needs .
but i just will not be buying this again .
after giving this one to my sister ,  i ordered myself a logitech num_extend
this bag is too big for what i was needing .
i found the spatula too flexible to support the food that i was cooking .
i was constantly changing batteries to get the phone to work .
but if you want to strengthen nails specifically ,  it might not meet your needs .
i had to go and buy something else .
i found the sound to be sub par .
i decided to order a replacement from amazon .
camera s that have a lens housing that sticks out some ,  extends from the camera body itself ,  usually prevents this .
maybe i need to spend a little more money .
after reading the reviews ,  i was ready to order these for my num_num mo .
i own two other brands that have gone through several years of the same treatment with no issues .
its heavy so it leans out of the wall socket and it isnt even all that .
it took a long time for me to realize that yes i really did order these .
my dog literally chewed it up after it went through the washing machine and became frayed .
i had the num_extend which was my regular workout headphones and running headphones for three years .
micro usb is now the standard ,  but the connector is way too small to be stable .
my daughter was initially excited with this purchase ,  then quickly disappointed .
it only took three washes until it was completely desheveled .
i see alot of good reviews for this toy ,  but that just hasn t been the experience for us .
i called amazon and they overnighted me a new one  same as pictured  .
i figured if the battery can t hold a charge for that long than i didn t want the device .
if you want to open a can with a minimum of fuss ,  i d suggest buying something else .
there are far better products ,  do not buy this it does not work .
there are better options out there that don t contain these unnecessary ingredients and make for a much happier baby .
and the lid does come off and it takes no effort to remove it either .
they are built to look just like my pans .
a friend gave me money to order this for him .
my skin became flaky and red and rough .
they certainly sound no better than the stock apple headphones ,  but cost many times more .
no matter what setting it is set at it grinds the same amount of coffee every time .
unfortunately ours only lasted a little over a year .
i am tall but it was way too short .
dash mount wont even stick to the dash and air vent mount wont clip to the air vents .
i returned them and reordered a different pair .
in case your power supply is num_extend it will be burned .
i ll be buying my cats a different food now .
each  were to be sent to my daughters num_extend for her and num_num for myself .
i had it for years and worked great until the motor finally gave up ,  but it s no longer available .
i think the seller reimbursed me for this product and thank god didn t ask me to return it .
this device is nothing more than a pan and is not something i would use often .
i was disappointed in the quality but so far i haven t broken any of them .
my poor rating is due to the price .
it was fine the first few times but then it stopped working altogether .
i really didn t need wireless because i have ethernet cables .
it seems to be ok now ,  but i would be a little hesitant about buying another .
it feels rather cheap and seems like something i might find at the dollar store .
however ,  i think their nhl and nfl products are surperior to eas .
the material is also very scratchy and uncomfortable .
problem is you wipe the screen and attempt to place the protector on .
too bad because i love the idea and all the other features .
after this feedback ,  i returned the mattress . for this price ,  my expectations could be too great .
all i had to do was to make it work like an iphone or basic cellphone .
even when not in use the product goes thru batteries faster than i can recharge them .
i don t mean they just had the handles broken off; they were broken into at least num_num pieces .
as with other revereware items ,  this little steamer is the same sort of tough stainless construction .
after about num_num mins my ears started to ache from the pressure of the headphones .
shucks ,  it can t be any worse .  .  . and may be a much better experience over the long run .
so i wanted to try these headphones because of cheap price .
however ,  this product simply did not meet my expectations for the following num_extend
even cheap stainless steel pots and pans shouldn t rust with normal use .
num_extend and used it for the first time yesterday .
today i received the jabra num_extend and the jabra num_extend headsets .
by the time i got around to using it ,  we had been on the road for about a month .
i was looking forward to using this brush based on the reviews on amazon .
i thought that having it so cheap to make at home would be great .
i purchased these bags because i wanted two medium sized bags .
i pulled it out to use a couple weeks ago and found it shattered in pieces .
feels cheap in your hands ,  better off just switching batteries when you need to .
i cannot believe that trash like this is getting decent reviews .
if you are looking for razor thin ,  you need a battery that works with the stock cover .
this is not bad ,  but lacks that fresh roasted taste .
otherwise ,  i would probably have given it num_num star .
this is a bad charger it does not work properly and it has a really bad shortage .
i had to totally reconfigure the unit and purchase another one to replace the older unit that did work .
and its not the easiest thing to clean for sure .
i stopped using it after a few weeks .
this stuff is extremely expensive and i didn t feel it made any difference .
the only way i can describe it is a brighter yellowish .
i really wanted it to be good ,  but it just isn t .
this little thing is made out of plastic .
they look nice but are very poorly made .
i gave this product num_num stars because the paper is ok .
this pillow is so hard that to place my neck in it caused more pain .
my daily routine after buying the swiffer ,  was vacuuming the floor ,  using the wetjet ,  then my steamer .
they look l like they would work great ,  but they don t .
remember if you buy from amazon and it doesn t work you can always return it .
it is plastic and looks rather cheap and the color is not good ,  at least not to me .
it took about num_num minutes to sharpen ,  and it s ok now .
i wanted a potato slicer so that i could make french fries .
i think my expectations may have been a bit high .
at least i m not out a ton of $
i rinsed it out . after rinsing ,  my hair texture did change some .
she cleaned it occasionally in the dishwasher but usually by hand ,  no abrasives .
video quality is passable ,  but with a poor video processor ,  it lags behind the lg .
however ,  i have been on a diet that restricts processed foods for a few months paleo  .
i purchased one of these assemblies to repair an ipod with a cracked screen .
i am not impressed at all with this product .
the better rings are only a few cents to a dollar more .
overall build quality was cheap but at its price point ,  it comes as no surprise .
same thing happened with the second one i bought .
but i sure wouldn t spend the money that is being demanded on amazon .
i bought this so i could drink cold ice tea at work .
i didn t have an acne breakout after using this .
i almost broke it when i tried to get it off my phone .
thus here i am writing a review today .
unless the large is quite a bit bigger ,  it would still be too small .
i thought this was a problem ,  so i exchanged mine ,  but the new one did the same thing .
i would not purchase this item again ,  nor would i recommend it .
they don t just sit ,  they squeeze onto your ears .
stainless steel should be hard and resist wear better than this .
what was shipped had definitely been installed in a device previously .
too small despite me ordering his normal size .
it s num_extend and i m due for an upgrade on verizon ,  so i thought maybe it s time for an iphone .
basically just dump the little granules in a cup and add hot water .
that is why i stuck with the same brand .
it is poorly designed ,  too large ,  and difficult to hold  can t imagine if you have small num_extend
the wired portion of the router did work out of the box :  no problem whatsoever .
the game itself i would rate num_num stars ,  but the securom b . s .
i have been using convection ovens for over num_num years and this one doesn t live up to my expectations .
also ,  it costs just enough to be frustrating ,  but not enough to go through the frustration of returning .
at least it s how i imagine that would taste .
the device is simple to use but fails to deliver a good user experience .
i saw this product on qvc originally ,  was curious and read the reviews .
over all ,  yeah .  .  . is cheap ,  but for a reason .
since the ports are so tightly packed a tablet type usb hub does not incur this problem .
some of the time a bottle on its side won t leak ,  but it is just a likely to leak .
i have tried other packaged coffee drinks before  i . e .
and ,  these apps run slow ,  hog memory ,  and are laid out differently for the phone than on pc .
it looks like it is leather ,  but it isn t .
it was not what i expected . very cheap material and tailoring . color quickly fades . very disappointed . do not buy it .
i do not recommend this headset to anyone .
that steamer is everything this one isn t including a multitasker .
i ve owned this toaster for about four years ,  and from day one it was a disappointment .
these headphones are too large and do not adjust to small enough width .
i ve used this brand before and bought a pair from amazon a few years a ago for my grandmother .
for some reason i ordered two of these items .
they may just not work with your phone even though it is a phone it should work with .
edible ,  and it did okay for a snack ,  but i would not buy this .
when i recieved the product every single screen protector had scuff marks on it .
i can t justify the price for this because i really didn t notice much .
do not waste your money unless your dog does not chew .  . which i think is nearly an impossibility !  .
my old droid got really banged up and scuffed even when it was in my pocket .
it d difficult to explain but it s very thin ,  very lightweight .
i was so excited to see this umbrella on amazon .
it worked ,  but i was changing filter cartridges a lot .
one of these towels lasts as long as two of the others when i am drying the car .
very difficult to take to change the battery .
but % of the time it can t find the phone .
so ,  i was looking forward to trying this .
and guess what ?  it didn t charge my cell phone .
however ,  i was shocked at how small this knife is and it s construction is below average .
these knives are just too wimpy to use in the real world .
this product is super cheap ,  you get what you pay for .
i was not pleased with the size of this product .
this thing quit working after about num_num months .
it kinda looks num_extend in a way ,  only because of the way its painted .
i bought this mainly for charging my apple laptop and it didn t work .
i guess i assumed it would be bigger judging by the picture ,  i was wrong .
i ve used many samsung phones over the years ,  mostly cheap to midgrade flip phones or sliders .
num_extend is maybe the oldest num_extend out there .
i purchased them both at the same time num_num months earlier .
i know they are gold plated ,  but i have other jewelry which are gold plated .
the problem is i ve had to replace mine about num_num times because water gets into the battery compartment .
got if for wifes car ,  she has an iphone num_extend
i should have ordered a more expensive set ,  but will save this for some occasion or give it away .
this case offers little more than mediocre scratch protection .
purchased a set of these wipers for my wife s rav num_num march of num_extend
worked great for num_num week ,  then it just quit .
i bought this thing to replace a samsung that sounded great but was a little clunky .
back they went ,  thank goodness amazon pays for return shipping .
i have just ordered another cable from amazon to use .
there are much better tasting ones out there .
i only received $  includes shipping according to seller  credit from the seller .
the shield is to thick ,  disrupts the screen .
unfortunately ,  it makes the gps harder to read ,  especially if the light is not ideal .
a bit annoying after a while because its a little bulky .
i think the look of this case really detracts from the design of the iphone .
i do not mind that it is plastic ,  what i do mind is that it does not work .
if i got one as a gift ,  i would return it for cash .
i replaced it with the one supplied in the kit .
or may it is not suitable for my work .
dynamics ?  forget about iti m looking for a $ pair of headphones to keep in my backpack at all times .
bought a second one num_num weeks after for another room and both are still working with no issues .
i also use quite a bit of cheese and sometimes ,  i don t have the time to shread it myself .
the clamp part should be a little more tapered close to the handle .
unfortunately ,  that appears to be the weakness of this type of coffee maker .
i think that it is very cheaply made and i would not be buying another one .
i am sorry to be doing this; i hate giving poor reviews to products .
now i m looking at buying another ,  maybe something that lasts more than num_num days .
i thought i noticed improvement when i first started using it ,  but if i did then it s gone now .
the person that got it said there was no smell whatsoever .
i am in the process of looking for a replacement even if it s just plastic .
i mean ,  they have stainless steel in china .
cool concept but its not a charger if it doesnt come with a wall plug which it didnt .
i had these headphones for a few years then they got crushed in half in my bag .
they look nice but are much too flimsy .
but i m very allergic to a lot of things .
they didn t quite fit the face of my screen and required some trimming to get the fit right .
use a usb one would be better than these pci cards .
its like a regular skin nothing special about it .
if anything unusual happens ,  i will give an update . update :  april num_extend
relacing the battery would be cool if it was hot swappable .
it does what its supposed to do ,  but not very well .
it does not do the trick ,  however ,  for heavy items or items requiring a tight grip .
so please ,  dont wast your money with this .
the one i received measures about num_extend by num_extend when opened all the way up .
i just wish that there were actual wood pieces .
i have had them about num_num months now .
i had this machine for about num_num weeks .
if you need an extension ,  try another cable .
but it won t power up the things connected .
i would gladly have paid the extra couple of bucks to get the same as i had before .
the head piece volume was very low and it was a bit uncomfortable in my ear .
i did order the other oxo that uses the replaceable wires that i initially ordered with this junk one .
it s a packaging problem ,  not a failure of the actual product .
that said ,  the screen protector became so gross overtime that i had to peel it off .
the stainless steel will indeed last forever ,  but not in my house .
the tool is made from stainless steel and is about num_num mm thick ,  weighing about one ounce .
have only been using this for num_num days ,  will get back to you .
as soon as you wash your face ,  its gone .
it will not take fine ground coffee without leaving sediment in the pot and therefore in your cup .
the thing that i couldn t deal with was the clean up .
another purchase that i would rate num_num if possible .
i bought this on august num_extend of num_num and by november num_extend and the gears stopped working .
i gave up and returned the unit to amazon for a refund .
it hardly works on the smaller tip ,  which is the reason i bought it .
it wasn t that great and it s very bulky to store .
hard too zip shut if you have a credit card in each slot and carry more than num_num bills .
they are so thin that they are prone to pick up interference .
it is nowhere near the quality of the legendary otterbox brand cases .
every time i put it in and charge it ,  my phone acts all crazy .
the digital display is small and dim and in moderate to bright light ,  it is very difficult to read .
i was excited to see this online and immediately tried it out .
it s not anything i would recommend to anyone .
i m not very heavy ,  but slimming sort of implied thicker fabric to me .
the blue light goes on ,  but the motor doesn t .
coffee burns on the glass and makes the coffee taste terrible .
i thought it just made my coffee taste like paper .
i read the directions and warnings before i used it ,  seemed fine .
this case kept popping open and not much protection for my phone its pretty and that s all .
the two solar panels are small num_extend each  .
on all my stored batteries with no problems .
it did not remove anything from my cookware ,  not a spot .
if i am out and about all day ,  i use the extended battery .
i could manage to get it in but only with some jiggling .
i guess you get what you paid for .
i had really high hopes for this game .
i am a huge anolon advanced fan but this pot is much too heavy for me to work with .
i hope someone plugs it in before taking it home .
perhaps that is because i am used to the cheap stuff .
but for the price ,  if it worked ,  that wasn t a big deal .
it wasn t a bad product but i didn t see any results from it .
the graphics were what i expected ,  not bad ,  but not superior .
the plastic zipper is actually kind of hard to manipulate .
it s clear that ballistic has taken the same approach in the cheapness of their screen protector .
i handed the stuff over to a guy friend .
i had to return the item as it did not sit properly .
i ve never reviewed a product as a num_extend
the problem with these is that the bluetooth is either very weak or poorly implemented .
the weight loss has been gradual and slower than i expected .
i can t believe i got suckered into buying this piece of junk after seeing decent reviews here on amazon .
i keep trying to find the perfect concealer and i don t think it exists .
i have had one of these before but it was broken and i needed one for our new puppy .
one year later and i m back on amazon looking for a new nozzle .
they should make some kind of rack to hold the tray in place .
i just didn t like the flavor of it .
i am a phone user but these suck .
i had my droid x replaced by the droid num_extend under warranty .
the quality is not as good as expected .
unfortunately ,  the quality is not as good as in the past .
do not waste your money these earphones are awful .
this looked good ,  but upon using it once ,  will never use again . do not buy this product .
it stuck to my fingers as i applied it .
if i rub my thumb down he rubber side ,  small bits of rubber rub right off .
you hear the noise as if there are no plugs .
another plastic clip broke the second time i opened it !  .
however ,  before the stitching came undone ,  these gloves were a good training aid .
i removed the blades and put them and the bowl into the dishwasher .
i suppose i can cut another hole so that it works better .
the blade is pretty small and not that powerful .
but like i said ,  its not too much louder than the num_extend
while thin ,  this cutter seems durable ,  just it didn t cut as well as another cutter we tried .
i was really hoping this would be of similar quality to the other one that i bought !  .
i contacted to plextor tech support and told me to update my usb .
if they are not deep in your ear canal they sound tinny .
i ll just need to be careful of the screen because these products a terrible .
i have a nikon num_extend for use with this monopod .
any slight movement on my part made my ipod turn on or off .
the interior moving parts are plastic .  .  . nothing like my old num_extend
the packaging explicitly says it will keep liquids hot for num_extend and cold for num_extend
and that s the fact that when you open the lid ,  condensation  water  runs down the handle and sides .
in fact the more i use it ,  the worse my zits again .
loved the color ,  but the feel of the fabric was disappointing ,  i sent it back .
it was my normal size and i couldn t even fit it around me .
i did not like these since they were too big .
also ,  the usb cord is about num_num inches long .
bought these for my nikon num_extend about num_num months ago .
it does not matter what these headphones sound like; using them is too painful .
i have bought somewhere between num_num and num_num headsets over the last num_num yrs .
i even have a headphone amp and took the earpads off to try and modify how it sounds .
wanting more i purchased this one expecting to get much better product since i was paying twice as much .
i ve tested the lock back mechanism and nearly cut my finger off  good thing the blade comes pretty dull  .
the pieces are more plasticky ,  lighter and cheap feeling .
might last longer if your dog is not a chewer .
i guess to scuff around in they are ok but their almost flat contour has very minimal arch support .
i think it makes me look a little clownish .
i don t recommend it and i won t buy it again .
my biggest complaint is the  hum  you hear ,  that i cannot get rid of .
after an hour of getting the dough on the pan ,  when the pizza came out ,  it looked fine .
the purple plastic on the the case was hard to take apart to get the phone on .
my phone shuts off pretty frequently during use .
i am sure each bag has a different variety ,  but they were definitely not all large .
my phone started constantly  chirping  and i realized it was the charger .
i gave my girls pet shop vips last year for christmas .
the parts are kind of hard to put back together .
i ordered the first one that seemed to be defective ,  which of course amazon was quick to replace .
i tried it on two separate cell phones and it did the same thing on both phones .
i wouldn t purchase again especially for this price .
thankfully amazon does refunds for these products that are fulty .
this imho is not intuitive or easy to use .
they are cheaply made and many came with deforms .
i eliminate as much plastic as i can from my kitchen .
so you are basically paying $ for a nice bottle ,  and $ for the rest of the junk .
of this year and so far have i am on the num_extend replacement .
when i first recieived and used this product i rated it with num_num stars and wrote the review below .
this is my very first mini processor ,  i was so excited to get it for making baby puree .
my iphone constantly falls out of the holster .
the brita ultramax water filter dispenser was supposed to answer this problem .
then i placed it on a dry towel on the kitchen counter .
in choosing the waring model ,  i researched and read many amazon reviews ,  both good and bad .
i carefully removed the back cover and placed the protector on the phone .
it was just a normal installation as far as i m concerned .
i wouldn t take a chance on purchasing this item again .
the quality of it was worse that the original one .
it is very noisy as it goes around .
which is not available off the shelf in most stores .
i m still using it everyday even i have not seen any progress on my face anymore .
this is the first negative review of a product i have made .
this bag is priced so cheap because that s exactly what it is .
it became dirty and was hard to clean .
there needs to be a balance of flavors in something like a cookie .
my operating system is the same as i used with those models .
someone had complained earlier that its too loud where other can hear around you .
i drink it black ,  cold ,  in a frap .
it only lasteda couple of days and croaked .
i won t buy this product again due to it not being very long lasting .
basically you dont get what u paid for .
just display the text of an email ,  and text message ,  gtalk ,  gvoice ,  control music ,  etc .
fortunately ,  this was a gift ,  so we didn t pay for it .
i was looking for an inexpensive burr grinder for my new rancilio espresso machine .
after reading all the rave reviews on amazon i was excited to start using this one cup coffee maker .
the price is good on these ,  but basically i think they re ineffective .
i bought this from dangerous thread off of ebay originally in num_extend
i haven t had one problem with the new router yet .
they were very excited to see it initially .
i don t understand how others are rating these as  sturdy  .
it worked for about a week and it died !  .
i wear a size num_extend but the num_num was more like an entire size smaller .
my coffee was room temperature within num_num hours .
i also had a problem trying to get the blade off .
i was disappointed when this mostly plastic appliance arrived .
on a whim ,  i unplugged the mouse from the switch and inserted into computer ,  which the pc immediately recognized .
if i ever remember to ,  i will try to update this comment .
the board requires a little bit of assembly  nothing complicated  .
getting the headphones out of the setting clips should be done with care or you can damage the headphones .
the laser beam on this is very small .
it sounds fine to me and nothing grates on my ears .
i used it very little because i have a heavy duty vacuum .
the parts on the phone did not fit like it should have .
that s why i m giving num_num stars instead of one .
i didn t feel any difference from taking these ,  and i ve been using them for over two months now .
i recently replaced my personal wireless router with a linksys .
i use this to connect my num_extend online .
i just ordered and used these for the first ime this month ,  march of num_extend
so far not impressed !  i don t know maybe too soon to actually see any results .
warning :  you could lose some fingers with that knife .
if i had gone up in size ,  the thing probably wouldn t have fit her tightly enough .
i will spend a few more bucks on the next one .
just because something is designed for a specific use ,  does not mean there aren t better products available .
i guess i shouldn t have expected much for the price i paid .
cheap as in poorly made ,  and too expensive for what you re getting .
sorry i couldn t give it a one star review .
this machine seemed to be handy because it had two applicances in one .
it won t hold any charge for more than num_num mins even after a day of leaving it charging .
there was not a lot of product on the cloths so i felt it wasn t really cleaning well .
i have had this food processor for a few years now and am not at all impressed .
i tried to get something for a lower price than the brand but did not get what i expected .
even then ,  you ll need to mix it with some sort of oil to cut down on the filmy residue .
the first one took me three days to get working at all ,  played two songs ,  and then locked up .
i suspect that this product is a knockoff .
even at full power this thing leaves a lot to be desired .
i ordered this little radio to replace a digital one that had been damaged .
i had it for exactly num_num days ,  not even a scratch or a ding on it .
i too was disappointed with the comfort of the earpiece .
probably cost $ to manufacture this stuff ,  yet i paid $ for it in the store .
i tried hooking up an num_extend and a num_extend to one output  amplifier  .
difficult to assemble ,  starting with insertion of batteries .
disconnecting the hose is similarly complicated and still more water leaks out  yay !   .
as many reviews as i write ,  i wish i would ve read the others listed on here .
but the price of the new units when on sale did not make purchasing a battery see worthwhile .
my charger did not fit in the case .
bagel feature isnice ,  but i certainly overpaid for it .
good case but bulky and too tight on the phone .
play with both in your local store before deciding between the num_extend
this product was very good when i began buying it but lately it is terrible .
i have to agree with the other review which stated that the product is somewhat blobby .
i do not like the consistency of the product .
this time tivo wants $ to replace  again with a refurbished unit that only carries a num_num day warranty  .
very disappointing that less that num_num years old and with very occasional use the battery would go like that .
i guess you can t expect much at this price .
i was excited to try these ,  especially with the great reviews !  however ,  they didn t work .
i did not imagine that this cup would be so extremely uncomfortable .
i had hoped to take this kit with me on camping trips .
i don t expect the miracles that advertisements claim but would like to at least like the product .
i have not gotten this as of yet and hop it will be before long .
the charger they sent wasn t even for the iphone num_extend
so unless you have a strong grip  i do not  this doesn t work very well .
but i ordered a size num_num for my narrow size num_extend feet .
and that is to me what this stuff tastes like .
what a mistake !  the only plus is that it s durable .
puffin cereals used to be one of my favorites .
i find both headphone sets to be very uncomfortable very quickly .
sadly ,  this mount was not designed for anything that big .
however ,  i will use it until the bottle is empty ,  and if results change ,  i will update this review .
i feel ipod docks should be an accessory as on the bose wave radios .
on this console ,  i expect to press the button and go to the menu almost instantly .
so they are about num_num inches longer than i like .
it always minces which is not ok for some recipes leaving me to cut the items by hand .
the parts are cheaply made and i wouldn t be surprised if it didn t last very long .
somehow i did not expect what i got .
i originally ordered the wrong batteries and had to return these .
and guess what ,  my old braun is still working .
i am diabetic and try to control my blood sugar and weight with sugar free and low carb foods .
i ve had num_num rechargeable battery packs that wont hold a charge .
i bought the next size up ,  and they were smaller than the size i returned !  !  !  !  !  !  .
slightly bitter ,  flat and fruity ,  but like the color ,  also fairly nondescript .
you just won t be able to see much on the screen .
even the bagged popcorn tastes less stale than popcorn freshly popped in this popper .
the only reason i did not have one was the price .
i am not saying the product does not work ,  it just does not work for me .
it physically hurts your wrist and fingers if you play a stylus heavy game for more than num_num minutes .
i would give it a num_extend if i could .
:    :   the sound quailty was great and everything else was wonderful but the durability sucked .
densly packed with calories num_extend num_extend fat num_extend saturated  ,  num_extend carbs num_extend sugar  ,  and bland .
even at amazon s price ,  this just isn t worth the money .
after a bit ,  wires were sticking out and it failed to charge my phone .
i guess it doesn t work on everybody ?  maybe it does for other people .
it s too bad because otherwise it s a great looking screen .
i m not going to complain of the quality bc it wasn t really that bad .
i m a foodie not a noob and even i couldn t keep this pan from scorching .
moreover ,  the cover is not zippered and removable ,  as described .
it is not the right product for me .
i have purchased many screen protectors for my ipod touch and this group of protectors i received were terrible .
the rubber is too stiff for little hands to pull back very far .
the lights come on for about num_num seconds ,  then go out .
i did a thorough cleaning before boiling water in the pot and dumped the water .
first ,  i did not buy this off amazon .
or ,  just search amazon for  charging station  or  charging valet  for more options .
it seems like it would work well ,  but it just doesn t .
the num_num and num_num pieces are interchangeable .  .  . that led to some num_extend
it s not like packing tape but more rubbery .
i bought it so i could use it to talk on the phone ,  so it is worthless to me .
while it did rise ,  the texture was similar to a  quick  bread made with baking powder .
the sides don t spread apart far enough ,  so it is unstable and without proper pressure it folds up .
ordered through amazon cause i don t have a credit card to get one from the actual website .
i never had a problem like this with my infuse or my samsung num_extend my current num_extend
this is unbelievable ,  i thought i was buying from a reputable brand .
i should have paid more attention to the reviews .
when i opened the box ,  i thought for sure i had received a narrow size by mistake .
i returned it and replaced it with an num_extend
i feel i got a poor quality and even mildewed product .
thats ridiculous !  it was semi easy to put on .
i won t give up yet ,  but this definitely isn t the one i can drink every day .
this purchase was to replace an older version of this same model .
when i first bought this handy little gadget i didn t know how i had ever lived without it .
sound quality isn t too bad but what s the point when the headset induces additional piercing noise in the audio .
i tried using my older battery ,  but the damage was done .
also ,  it s not really queen size ,  as advertised .
after reading the directions ,  i plugged the unit in to charge ,  and waited ,  and waited ,  and waited .
i could see someone with slightly smaller hands liking it ,  but unfortunately that isn t me .
but even then ,  we re not really sure how long this will truly last .
the coffee blend is so weak that it ends up tasting like hot cinnamon water .
changed the rating from num_num to num_num stars .
my waist size is num_extend so i selected the size of num_extend
from all the great reviews i thought it d be wonderful but i was so wrong .
this my num_extend order ,  but these are larger in waist ,  checked say same size .
i don t want a big plastic thing stuck on my phone .
this one didn t taste as good or as fresh .
i used the soap dispenser and it worked okay ,  but nothing fancy about it .
everything else i would actually buy something else .
i ve had it one month and it stopped working .
first time i used this the screw bent ,  though i filled it at an odd angle .
the bacon is very difficult to get off after cooking and it does not cook evenly .
the taste on these are just not right and what i was expecting .
i had it about one week before it stopped charging .
they are ok tasting  but not very sweet and rather bland .
i have also tried num_num different netgear adapters . if you buy this adapter keep your receipt .
it seems to be conditioner mixed with a lot of water .
i don t know how this thing works for others ,  but for me this just does not work .
if you plan on actually using this num_extend
now i m just more careful about how i turn my mixer on so everything does not fly out .
i would only use this num_num or num_num times a month .
i was so taken in by the design and sleek style of this coffee brewer . what a mistake that was .
this might be the only product i have given num_num stars .
the soft ,  poor quality of steel used will not hold a sharp edge for any length of time .
if you are looking for a basic kitchen this is it .
i have owned this wireless card for about num_num months .
so was num_extend num_extend and re code veronica .
but these are things i didn t have to do with my old fryer .
i have gone back to my small grinder that i have had for about num_num years .
this doesn t happen when it s turned itself off .
i contacted the seller who quickly responded with an appology and said the correct product would be shipped immediately .
my dogs ate it ,  but would stand back and look at it for awhile before eating it .
second ,  it collects all manner of grime and tiny particles of cruft that are difficult to remove .
i do not recommend it . it did not last very long ,  is very cheaply made .
the charging port should not be obstructed when the device is installed on a sunvisornot num_extend
my wife purchased the item as a quick replacement for failed original equipment .
when i got a little on to the cloth ,  i tried cleaning the screen .
also gets easily moved over if you wear it at noght . overall not satisfied ,  don t wear it anymore .
let me first say that this product ,  like many others may work for some ,  but not for all .
when a person spends $ on a phone ,  or any device ,  it should work longer than a few weeks .
it was a few dollars less than a better reviewed one ,  so i went for it .
the only redeeming qualities are ,  its cheap and the cord winds up internally for neat storage .
this coffee maker is not what i expected at all .
but i feel it should have been better .
the price for the same at best buy is like num_extend
save the extra money and buy the num_num qt .
i threw the stone away and bought a better ,  more expensive stone .
i find it very difficult to offer a glowing review for this product .
per the advice in other reviews ,  i ordered a num_extend
these levi s are not the same as my old ones .
i wish i had seen this product here on amazon before my daughter noticed it in target today .
i was therefore a bit trepidatious to try the grapefruit .
i guess i was expecting more based on so many good reviews .
the case doesnt offer much protection to my phone .
only baking was a way for me to utilize this product .
this is the  really small  child size container .
provides no protection to phone ,  even if it had fit .
it doesn t work as promised and it ended up taking more time to clean up than expected .
i was wary of this product before i bought it .
it runs hot but does not have an automatic shutoff .
i bought a num_num cup ,  two num_num cup ,  and num_num two cup anchor hocking glass storage containers .
it s not a bad tasting coffee just not my cup of .  .  . coffee .
they compress the upper rigid parts of my ear and it s quite uncomfortable .
i had to wash my hands after to get the residue feel off .
they don t have the feel of new blades and certainly not up to gillette s standards .
the idea is to make the glasses more comfortable; and it is more comfortable . unfortunately it also makes them weak .
compared to the num_extend it sounds like you are listening to the playback through a metal can .
i bought the fry pan thinking it would attach like the num_num liter mug .
anything attached to it weighing over a few ounces will tip over .
not what i was expecting ,  to say the least .
i was sent two of these batteries as the first one didn t work at all for my iphone num_extend
candidly ,  they fit no better than your standard iphone headsets .
this thing does not charge an iphone for crap .
i didn t buy this to stir in coffee ,  i bought it for cooking and hopefully for whipping .
and many live in areas where cell signals are just weak .
i need to be thinner and taller for these ,  i m sure they are otherwise awesome .
you must physically move the power switch off and back num_extend
but after this purchase i do not believe i will buy them any longer .
i ordered for a relative and it is at least num_num sizes too small .
they are not of the same smooth fabric i enjoyed for so long with the first set .
i am going to use my old one until i can find a replacement .
i was really excited to get this headset based on all the reviews of jawbone icon .
either way ,  i may need to purchase another one .
the plastic handlehas a little dimpled knobs to add texture .
this product provides a much too lightweight degree of stickiness ,  even on thin fabric .
i bought the num_extend and num_extend for num_extend and num_extend dogs .
i ordered a new one to replace my older unit that finally bit the dust .
it was on a whim that i decided to try sustenex .
this fan seems like a good idea ,  but it s design causes it to become clogged with dust .
i usually just cleaned it up and went about my food prep .
contracts that you will be paying on long after that shiny phone has lost its lustre .
instead ,  i m switching back to my koss portapro headphones .
the high profile of the blade causes small quantities to get stuck under the blade .
my num_num year old daughter really wanted this so after reading the reviews i ordered it .
this is all that went well . in the heat ,  this product barely lasted num_num minutes .
by the price i shoud have realized the sound they reproduce is not good enough .
both were purchased through amazon . com ,  and off the same link .
second ,  i made two loafs of egg bread  about a total of num_num cups of flour  .
did not go on very thick and made ridges when painted .
so perhaps they would make better tasting coffee in the senseo pod coffee maker .
for almost $ it should last a long ,  long time .
i used this for years on my car dash and other vinyl areas of the interior .
i consider myself a  power user  and my original battery was only lasting at most a half a day .
but they get dirty quickly ,  and are hard to clean .
i am not sure if i will buy another i was hoping it would last longer .
i m glad i only bought it as a stocking stuffer and not for a main present for any occasion .
well let me tell you how cheap this case is .
our household has num_num iphones and num_num ipads as such we have many cables all around the house .
i don t think this batch was compromised as they were crispy and broke cleanly when i bit into them .
i thought this was cute ,  but it s so flimsy and cheap .
bottom line is as i said ,  you get what you pay for .
for the price it not horrible but it won t hurt to shop around a little .
you get what you pay for and i would recommend trying to find something better than these .
then the other cup catches the drippings while i froth the milk .
besides being very heavy ,  this would be a num_num or num_num star phone .
i bought this to grind various spices but have been very disappointed with the results .
it is still usable just really annoying when it comes unhinged .
when i opened the package it contained num_num screen protectors and a cloth .
this was a little flat and did not have the strong spice flavor i expected .
linsys send me a replacement num_extend num_extend under warranty  cost me $ to ship the old one back !   .
my puppy sniffed it ,  walked away ,  came back to gnaw some more .
please ,  do yourself a favor and get something else .
it doesn t take a bomb going off to wake me up ,  the volume should be something i can change .
they sent me num_num num_extend cent coupons for my next purchase   !   .
i had the netgear product up and running in less than num_num minutes .
this must have been old even though it was not outdated .
i wish i d bought some other brand that wasn t so flaky .
however ,  when you try to push the phone into the clip it constantly snags on the soft rubber case .
this palette knife is num_num inches from end to end ,  including the handle .
they said they would send me a refurbished unit .
didn t read it until after i made this purchase .
neverthless ,  if you want to protect your phone this case isn t what you are seeking .
out of everything there ,  i can use maybe num_num things for what my needs have been .
don t waste your money . they look  nifty  and  fancy  ,  but they are hardly that .
i do like the litter that it uses ,  but not in this litter box .
this is supposed to do that but it is not very effective .
i don t know about you ,  but replacing my phone would cost me about $ bucks .
it has a lot of potential but fails to actually work right when needed .
so you cant tighten it and it come loose when you use it .
bummed that it only worked for a few months .
the product isn t as sticky as would have expected for this type of repair .
but i guess you get that you pay for .
i just wiped it off my dog with a wet wipe .
given the generally positive reviews on this brand ,  i never thought i could be so disappointed .
this is a cheap pump that didn t last long at all with only minimal use .
with that said ,  i love beef jerky ,  and it s not so bad i d throw it away either .
i ve used it several times and absolutely no difference .
better buy leland chargers which do the same thing for much cheaper .
i asked it there was some way to add a steel blade .
i have used it to charge my kid s mini usb camera and of course my cell phone .
once again i was disappointed at the results .
they are just not premium quality like the premium price says .
i don t really notice much difference wearing them .
i think you ll have better results with the num_extend and num_extend
not  sustainable :  this kit comes with over a dozen cheap plastic  cooking tools  that are supposedly needed for cooking .
i told her i bought them on amazon and that the shipping costs were ridiculous .
if you drop your phone constantly ,  get this cover .
i am still looking for other products which maybe effective .
i have actually bought num_extend don t ask me why .
i usually read reviews better ,  but in this case i didn t read the lower rated reviews .
i returned the first because it was for a gift and it was broken and chipped in two places .
i purchased num_num of these refurb units for my daughters for xmas .
not something i paid extra for to get stainless steel .
it is a quality product ,  its just looks stupid to actually wear .
please let me know if you are ready to place the order ? me :  that is ridiculous .
i would not recommend these covers for your phone .
i ve had it for a little more than a year and can no longer watch dvd s .
the taste of the coffee had a lingering after taste ,  and not in a good way .
i have been using my mom s waffle iron for the last num_num years  no exaggeration  .
i have no real problems with this since it seems secure enough  although i have my reservations  .
could not get it to fit in my vent .
i took it apart and couldn t believe how cheaply it was made .
fortunately ,  my iphone landed on shag carpet and didn t break .
i had this unit for about num_num months .
when i purchased it in sept num_extend it was listed as  new  .
i was so excited to buy this for my three year old daughter .
also ,  i will admit ,  one jar lasts me a very long time .
also ,  doesn t do a great job of protecting the phone ,  as it will split apart in a drop .
i threw mine away and had to purchase a different one .
i will stick with my old braun grinder i have had for num_num years .
instead it is a high pitched almost inaudible sound .
i tried to screw the piece back on but it didn t hold ,  and then i glued it on .
also it is shorter than a normal pen so many might not like that .
the only reason i d buy it again is to crumble it up if i needed breadcrumbs for a recipe .
the timer still works so it s not a complete waste ,  but without the audio it definitely defeats the purpose .
wish they were a bit bigger because they have trouble holding multiple papers .
it literally took num_num month and num_num days for me to receive .
now i need to find another one to replace this one .
did not fit properly on my $ factory unlocked iphone num_extend
this was a really cheap knife and the first one i bought years ago .
i am a size num_num in women and these were a size too big .
they are not very well made but then ,  what did i expect for $
if you want to use this phone holder then don t put it in a case .
iphone on port num_extend android smartphone on port num_extend
thats it ,  nothing else do i like about this vacuum .
i have written nary a negative review but this product just isn tup to stuff  .
the music is suppose to be good ,  i thought it didn t do the snes sound chip any justice .
i am a bit over weight so need an xl or according to their sizing perhaps an xxl .
to begin with ,  it does not sharpen very well .
with how much i paid for this product ,  i was very disappointed with the results .
received this item from amazon ,  and immediately put in a return request for it .
first ,  the bulb got dimmer and dimmer and i needed to replace the batteries .
wow ,  usually amazon reviewers do not steer me wrong but these things are junk .
i bought this vacuum cleaner belt because i do not need it .
there was a  card applicator  which smoothed out most of the bubbles .
the headphones fit poorly; actually drop off my head if i bend over .
at this point i am not sure what to do .  .  . i guess just keep working with it .
the manufacturer states that this product will prevent your ds screen from being damaged .
i haven t used it yet ,  so i can t tell you if you can see your screen or not .
i think i will sell it on ebay and get a num_extend
after all the great reviews i read here i am disappointed .
i bought this due to positive reviews but never again .
i paid num_extend for them but still am not happy that i even purchased this item .
i bought these to charge my nexus devices num_extend and num_extend but they do not maintain a constant connection .
i don t know if this is supposed to charge two devices at the time ,  mine charges only one .
i adjusted it until the door would just barely clear and could knock it over with one finger .
i purchased this router to replace another wireless router that kept dropping connections .
it is nothing more than wiggles in the side of the blade .
i tried rinsing it which didn t work so i hoped it would just settle out nicely .
plug in the phone and it the adopter s power light started blinking .
i know its not a protective case ,  and i didn t expect it to protect my phone .
however it s still protecting my phone ,  so not bad for what i paid for .
but look for something else if you want a touch lamp .
i was looking forward to eating some of this bread .
but it really does a mediocre job on my seriously great collection of knives .
the case they sent me was nice but it wasn t the one i payed for .
it was smaller than the regular bissel sweeper .
ok they sound alright until you turn up the volume ,  then they feedback regardless of how they are positioned .
case in point the kydex sheath that came with the knife .
i ordered a size up and it was still too small .
not yakisoba . it is not that bad but kind of greasy .
with that in mind ,  i figured what the heck ,  i ll give this a shot .
the beans didn t look to be all of that great ,  virtually no oil on them .
do not buy it . a convenient product for the num_num years it held a charge ,  now it s junk .
after reading reviews i really thought this one was going to be the one for me .
this is a screen protector ,  no more ,  no less .
ok ,  i tried really hard to like this .
but the colors seen here are not what you get !  .
i bought one of those ,  and it s just like the old one i previously ordered from amazon .
it was only num_num bucks so i decided to give it a go .
when the coffee had too much sediment ,  we tried a paper filter .
go for something else that s better and has less sugar .
it did so quickly and was in sealed ,  original packaging .
i should have spent the extra money and got a better built unit .
it would be much better if made of a rubber with some give .
i have to use some steel wire to temporarily hook the handle to the body .
the sound amplification is weak ,  not much over what you would hear without them .
i m so glad i only bought a three pack .
the stuff lasts what seems like forever ,  it didn t stop burning for hours .
i suppose if you are doing some heavy initial winding ,  it can get rather tiring twisting the tuner .
now ,  i knew the price was so low that it had to have been a misprint .
more important ,  they are extremely short and feel flimsy .
the item itself is a poor quality item .
i ordered a num_extend and it was too small .
i tried putting milk in the coffee and that helped some ,  but didn t bring out any vanilla flavor .
it s too short and too frustrating at times .
if you have a samsung galaxy s num_num for tmo this battery wont fit its too small .
if you have an otterbox ,  don t waste your money on this .
i purchased this electric razor to replace my rotary of num_num years .
and be careful when using it as there is not a significant overhang to secure it to the bowl .
i ve used it for about num_num years on my dogs and had no complaints .
and that s the problem . for $ there are much better products on the market .
in addition ,  others have stated that the blade seems a little dull which defeats the purpose of razor precision .
ives that doesn t irritate my skin in terms of breaking out .
but at least it s not itchy ! what s shocking is that i m usually not allergic to anything .
i have purchased some poor quality soap dispensers and some really expensive ones .
this product does not hold your ends down .
secondly ,  i use the old enameled on steel cheap pans for stewing and braising .
this causes the liquid to dry out rather quickly .
i compared it to what i have and it doesn t appear to be the same so i discarded it .
ok ,  i admit ,  my computer isn t really all that great .
it is cheaply made and not well made .
the product arrived immediately so this is not an issue with the company or its service .
it worked ,  but only after days of troubleshooting .
then again ,  it s not expensive so if you don t care that you might have to dump it .
i ve used this now for about three months with absolutely no improvement whatsoever .
plus its too loud to use in most places .  .  . if you really need it ,  you can get it .
the product was sent on time but quality of the item was cheap .
continue using it until the battery is completely empty  .
i wasn t expecting much at all ,  but i got nothing .
i had the original version of this food processor for num_num years .
so ,  i bought the replacement closed ear cushions for the num_extend and put them on my num_extend
i use the sprint phone and will try some other batteries .
otherwise they shift around and leave my ears exposed .
every samsung oem cable is not the same .
then again ,  price doesn t matter if the product is useless .
if you like wasting your money ,  by all means buy it .
but these little snaps or ridiculously tiny ,  thin ,  cheapo .
it is a difficult bottle to use ,  since it is a hard plastic ,  square shape .
this just did not work as good as others that i ve tried .
i figured it was no big deal since it s under warranty for a year .
it is long enough to bathe with but no better than a wash cloth .
i have changed the batteries and looked for any signs of defectiveness .
these fit fine but are not tight enough to offer the compression i was looking for .
does not really protect well and scratches easily .
i tried another small batch and the same thing happened .
i wish i had read some of the reviews before i purchased these .
it just sits above my sink with sponges in it ,  which isn t much use .
just received this item and i am super disappointed with the size .
once i unplugged the zip drive the computer started working again .
you are better off spending more to get a better quality collar .
the stick are good ,  but most are broken .
i guess if you want them to stick you need to apply super glue .
instead i received a used ,  visibly worn battery .
for some reason i thought this was a popcorn product .
some reviews say it worked for them ,  but for me it did absolutely nothing .
this charger ,  however ,  fails horribly . i wouldn t recommend this ,  or buy another one .
i got this a few weeks ago and it still isn t working .
the only thing nice bout this is the bottle .
i ended up giving them to a friend who wanted to try them .
i am playing many ea fifa games on both pc and the console version .
the silicone part of the case is white and i dont think the couldve thought of a worse color .
it s not an ics thing ,  it s an htc thing .
i just think it could have been better designed .
num_extend size ear phones not something you want to walk around wearing !  .
i have only popped it once and there were a lot of unpopped kernels .
it would be cheaper and would work better .
that way ,  nothing gets baked on them and i am not breaking nails scouring off the mess .
the handle is so fat that my finger hadly go around it .
i m just waiting for the plastic to crack .
i came back and there was a hole in it .
i m sorry ,  but there s no way i would recommend paying $ though it is a good product .
as the title says this product just didn t work for me .
i know that this product isn t meant for that ,  but that was my situation .
it doesn t look very natural in my opinion .
if you are only using it for grilled cheese then fine ,  it s probably decent .
i thought that i had a bad unit so i returned the item for a new interact num_extend card .
i didn t have any problems getting the pump to work .
it s worked for me in the past ,  but not this time .
even then ,  you can t turn the wireless radio off ,  like you can with the linksys .
my rating of this phone is particularly low because i loved the older model so much .
when i think of biting into a shortbread cookie i expect something buttery and crumbly .
so ,  along with buying a battery ,  i bought some  cheap  external battery chargers and some more batteries .
i have had my phone replaced num_num times .
the second tigger we bought did the same thing .
it is better than nothing ,  but only slightly .
but it s so heavy ,  it really isn t practical .
both in a large and i am not large just wanted to be comfy .
pro :  it has a little of everything  buttons ,  needles ,  safety pins ,  etc .   but it s hardly worth the $
the plastic is very cheap and it does not give much protection .
maintance on my num_num takes num_num minute max and virtually no mess there is pro to this filter .
im not sure if i got a faulty product ,  but this didn t work at all .
it s an attractive looking humidifier ,  but it s no use putting water in it .
i tried resetting the handheld several times and eventually it came back on .
i am very disappointed with this product and do not plan on purchasing them again .
i bought the num_num mah battery over a year ago .
i thought i d save some money and try thai kitchen s sauce .
i ve searched for a mug like this for years .
if your dog is a chewer ,  get something else .
it does what it s supposed to ,  but it s loud !  the motor itself isn t bad ,  but it vibrates .
i have sensitive skin and am unable to use it without breaking out into allergies .
i need to look for a replacement asap .  as far as battery cases are concerned .
you might as well shell out the money for a better product .
anyway ,  after about ten minutes ,  i had it configured and working on my wireless network  linksys num_extend
i didn t care that it took so long for the order to deliver .
if fails again i m adding to this review .
i can buy the same thing at the dollar store .
the bottom has a filter for dust and what not that the instructions said shouldn t be covered .
this thing is smaller than a table placemat ,  or perhaps roughly the same size .
i m sure it performs like any other twirl whisk but that isn t the point .
i found the taste to be lacking and a bit bitter .
instead ,  the rubber covers the button so you press on the rubber to press the volume and lock buttons .
now i know why it was only $ carton .
i usually get num_num boxes for this price .
or if you re single ,  you could charge your ipad and iphone at the same time .
my first reaction to this product is that it is very expensive for a single unit .
finally i have resorted to using it as a storage bin for the food .
never had a screen protector scratch at all more a less so badly .
i bought them  expensive  for piece of mind but they ve actually caused more problems .
don t know if my phone is rejecting it or the battery is not made for this phone .
i brew my coffee in a clear mug and this one doesn t even look like coffee .
i ve had this box now for about num_num years .
update : you will drop your phone using this case and i never dropped my phone before .
i just don t understand the appeal of this product .
there are a lot of plastic bristles in this brush .
do not waste your money and look for a better product .
it takes num_num hours under very light load conditions to bring a new battery down to num_extend
no wonder i was able to buy this game brand new for only $ garbage !  .
the  brushed chrome  is plastic ,  as it the canister itself .
not bad ,  but i don t like it as much as i thought i would .
i am sensitive to most brushes but this one did not irritate my skin .
amazon agreed to take it back for a full refund .
save yourself the aggrevation and buy a $ grinder .
i m not sure if they were near expiration .
i wasn t expecting sugar sweet or even sweet like truvia .
the result is a very poor sound quality experience .
my review is against the description ,  not against the product ,  which i have not used .
have bought from this same product link num_num months ago ,  and that one was ok .
i m sorely disappointed as normally i don t have issues with products that i ve researched .
i m glad i didn t pay much for this thing .
as usual ,  amazon was great about returning it and refunding the cost . but ,  i cannot recommend this to anyone .
coffee is that is only num_num cups ,  would prefer num_num and has a disposable water filter .
same thing with another pair but those came with my samsung num_extend
when i unplugged my phone from the wall charger , the battery died within num_num minutes .
with painful hands ,  you will not be able to snap it .
so for $ or $ i still wouldn t buy it and definitely definitely not for $
i haven t noticed any difference after using it for num_num months .
the new one was not really working right .
unfortunately ,  this toaster does not live up to the oster brand name .
see cleaning tip below .  cleaning tip :  you do not need to buy these cleaners to get your monitors like new .
i picked up this item ,  hoping it would alleviate the problem .
you are better off buying throwaways than this charger .
overall it didnt have too bad a taste but again really too crunchy for me .
it was a cheapo ,  in this instance i got what i paid for !  .
however ,  honestly ,  i wouldn t bother purchasing these again .
this is my second purchase of hanes cotton panties .
i personally can t see paying num_num bucks for this product .
but ,  unless i use the phone without a screen protector ,  it is useless due to the peeling issue .
i either got a defective product or this thing just sucks .
if it s num_extend test ,  say that it s num_extend test .
i now again went over the reviews and ,  in retrospect ,  should have paid more attention to them .
while it might some idiotic ,  i actually cut myself very badly while using this swiss army hunter .
this thing snaps together via num_num flimsy plastic hooks ,  and the handle isn t attached solidly enough .
i would not recommend this product and believe there are much better products on the market now .
i don t consider myself a coffee snob and i can t afford to drink starbucks everyday .
cheap plastic tabs  ears  broke the moment i stretched it a bit to insert my iphone .
update nov num_extend there are now a multitude of num_extend tablets  asus ,  samsung ,  google  which get my recommendation .
the manual num_extend pages  on the cd doesn t tell you everything you need to know about navigating the features .
i won t be purchasing again and will go back to opi start to finish .
as some have added to comments about it ,  you shouldn t sharpen your knives every day or after every use .
i used to purchase these and they would be coated with flavoring .
i was relieved when the blade mechanism broke this week ,  num_num months after purchase .
i ordered num_num of these and if i had a box big enough ,  would send them back .
this isnt worth the shipping i paid on it .
even if i did like it ,  the price alone would turn me off .
it had quite a few scratches and was skipping during the early parts .
that s my num_num star . the charger ?  works half at a time .
otherwise ,  that said ,  it doesn t distort the sound or picture .
i ordered a new battery which is what i expected to get .
i have used memorex in the past with no problems .
the description could have been more plain for products .
this is minor ,  but when i tried out the netflix app i found it num_extend
second ,  on a samsung galaxy num_extend the headset sometimes disconnects ,  and then reconnects immediately after .
when i bought these ,  i was  falsely  under the assumption they were coffee with an essence of mocha .
i was really excited to get this toy for my son .
and when it was in ,  it was not trivial to connect the power cord .
after reading the reviews i had high hopes for this product .
it went up in price on nov num_extend num_num from $ to $
tried this cable with two different laptops  mac and pc  and two different monitors  lcd computer monitor and hdtv  .
i tried soaking it since everything seems to stick to it during and after cooking .
although the wireless headphones sounded ok i found that they have a problem turning off by it self .
i can t give it more than num_num stars .
i ve used better brands and this just isn t worth the money !  .
i gave it two stars for the flavor ,  otherwise i won t be buying again .
i have a list of things that i like about it but i wouldn t buy it again .
even at one foot away ,  the audio quality was very poor .
they were cheap in price and cheap in quality .
i used the motorola num_extend before and the sound clarity is not as good as the jabra num_extend
i purchased this and the usb num_extend to set up a home powerline network .
i have been using this for a week ,  and it has not helped even once .
the blade is dull ,  which can be fixed with sharpening but the handle is just a no no .
wish i had seen other reviews before i clicked purchase .
the mop was overcome with dirt after i was done ,  and the bedroom was not that dirty .
when i received this item i charged it for num_num hours .
i did not get those anymore until using this product .
buying products by reading other reviews .  .  . that is what i am doing .
i ve reviewed them ,  too . but honestly ,  this reflecter was a real disappointment .
a bit of troubleshooting indicated that my htc amaze num_extend was losing power when the phone was jostled  e . g .
it doesn t smell bad ,  but it also doesn t smell good .
i just don t know if it s doing what its supposed to .
either way ,  the handle was extremely fragile making the knife not worth my money .
as of this writing ,  this product is priced at nearly num_extend higher than lsd cells .
when i returned this to the store ,  i saw another person retuning this exact same model also .
i smells kinda like christmas and i think the cinnamon oil and the other ingredients should repel fleas .
yeah ,  it costs more but it doesn t smell bad .
the screen is not very responsive to touch and it s very small ,  not good for small children .
for one size ,  it does not really fit on someone like me though i fall in the category well .
it worked for a couple of weeks and then went bust .
i didn t know if it was just a coincidence ,  until i started reading similar reviews .
i received this game as a christmas present  gee ,  what a crappy gift  back in the late num_extend
this did not fit my device and it cost me half the price of the purchase to return it .
on top of that ,  the battery life on the headset has greatly diminished in it s capacity .
i would give it num_num stars ,  but probably won t buy again .
took it in for a new battery ,  and that didn t do anything for it .
maybe this explains the mix of  good  and  bad  reviews .
i don t like the way this screen protector feels on my phone .
let me first start off by saying it doesn t ,  not one ounce ,  taste like espresso ,  coffee ,  or anything similar .
so i was surprised and disappointed in this product .
but the fact is ,  this bag is too small to really be useful in most situations .
i wanted something that was made well and didn t care how much thicker it made my phone .
the touch screen is overly sensitive and gets smudged easily .
i am using this little shelf underneath my bathroom cabinet to store small bathroom items .
i ended up having to plug it into the keyboard port using a num_extend adapter  supplied  .
it certainly doesn t itch and hurt anymore ,  at this point it s just discoloration . so .
i really was hoping this would be good bc the other reviews were good .
i never could get it to attach to my ear and stay there .
nothing to do with a lack of or too much water .
will now look for a num_extend one to purchase .
i just couldn t get past the flavor of it .
it was pretty weak but enough to get the job done .
can t imagine who would enjoy the product . would not buy again .
comes off easily if the phone is in my pocket or in my purse .
they even include sealing rings ,  so there is no leakage .
this case was was not for me it is very very cheap .
it is incredibly poorly made ,  and frustrating to use . but ,  there are some good qualities about the phone .
also my sweat won t ruin it . big con :  very ,  very twitchy in keeping connected to the phone .
somehow when i read this i only saw positive reviews .
i have bought much better cases for less .
i already purchased a little more expensive higher quality one .
my fellow amazon shoppers said it is cheap ,  and it is .
there is no sparkle in it ,  which i like ,  but it just doesn t work for me .
i am quite disappointed ,  the shipping was fast and all but these just weren t worth it .
i guess the saying  you get what you pay for  applies here .
even so ,  the telephone is still not loud enough to cause attention .
also it s not long enough for me  i am nearly six feet tall ,  hardly a basketball center !   .
or maybe for num_num or num_extend as a late num_extend or num_extend title .
my previous ones separated and food would get inside .  .  . pretty gross .
i used this spoon one time ,  to stir a lasagna meat sauce i was making .
i don t care how cheap it is ,  i expect it to last more than num_num months .
i had an older model sonicare that lasted years .
i have used the defender series for nearly five years iphone num_extend atrix and never had a problem .
this toy was purchased by my daughter with her own money .
not sure what happened but i bought this battery just a month ago .
i tried it this morning in my coffee .
not my most satisfying or successful purchase experience on amazon .
it isn t silky ,  it is too big and it feels cheap .
it didn t work as well as i had hoped it would .
i ve about used it to completion but i won t be buying this product again .
these headsets are not very comfortable and the sound quality is mediocre .
i bought a black case in this style and a purple case ,  both arrived broken .
not sure what to say about this product .
i feel like i wasted a lot of money on this product .
it doesn t reach over the center of the pizza .
they are cheap and therfore only work half the time .
what used to be a large ,  nowadays seems to be extra small .
i used this packet in unsweetened iced tea .
the performance was ok but i would constantly see the wireless signal fluctuating .
i dont know if its a vendor issue or if its just a bad product . i dont recomend it .
it is overpriced for just a single phone charger .
it seems like a lot of money for what it is constructed with .
i purchased num_num of these num_num months ago .
they are very painful if you scratch your scalp with them and they pull your hair .
other than that they work fine ,  they have the nut ,  washer and cap included  no knob  .
i wish it would have been of better quality .
the noise is loud and i repeat ,  very annoying .
i just received this boden chambord num_num cup ,  num_num oz coffee press .
it didn t do anything for me but not saying that it would not work for others .
its ok for the people like basic cell phone .
i bought the num_extend abotu num_num months ago .
i have a pair of num_num in the same size as the new pair i ordered on amazon .
i bought these knowing they were cheap and that is exactly what they are .
the earplugs are not comfortable ,  and i tried all the different sizes .
i ordered this in num_num f ,  my normal size ,  and i couldn t even begin to get it on .
the grinds are somewhat uneven ,  but not terrible .
after a few months ,  it just stopped working .
be careful with products that contain this artificial product .
i dont even need it now i sent the phone back and i got a different phone now .
someone else may like it ,  but i did not think it worked well at all .
the bottom cut is very loosed and the case is very thick .
i thought that my first one was just a fluke .
the screens were cut out like the screen i have .
think this product is over priced for the effectiveness ,  at least in my case .
the car charger will charge the num_num fully in about num_num hour .
the next one was just as the other reviews described .
i bought one of these due to the great discounts many dealers have on them ,  but was sadly disappointed .
so many parts you have to clean and num_extend flimsy clasps .
i used to buy these all the time but i think i m done .
the small piece that latched the bowl also broke on me .
i ve owned previous versions of this headset and they worked ok .
has a nasty smell as well as a nasty ,  gaggy taste .
there was an obvious stainless steel taste ,  even after washing it num_num times .
i was excited for my son to open this for christmas .
they are cheaply made and not of good quality .
they seem to be good quality ,  but they do not make a good presentation at all .
i bought num_num of these microphones and had num_num pairs of the walkie talkies .
the optical quality is really not very good ,  producing blurry images the higher the magnification being used .
i need to pay closer attention to the reviews next time .
worse ,  the paint has a bad tendency to peel when wet and chip when dry .
synthetic material except the curvy handle and but plate are heavily rubberized .
or just tone down a couple of the flavors they have ,  not this shocking bitter jolt in the mouth .
i live in an apartment ,  so the area that i used this on was not large .
was a cheap move on my part to buy this one in the first place .
the product is thick but not creamy or moisturizing .
for the price it is definitely not worth it .
eventually after communication through various mediums they agreed to send me a replacement .
besides ,  they sell it for cheaper direct than by going through any middlemen .
as an rn ,  i wash my hands constantly ,  to the point of extreme dryness .
i ve had these spice jars for about num_num years .
i was really hoping that this product would work for me .
i bought this hoping it would be nice and it ended up being the cheapest crap you could buy .
i bought it because i read so many great reviews ,  but ,  unfortunately ,  i was very disappointed .
if i was to order again ,  i would actually order a size or two down maybe .
if you want to just chop up a few nuts ,  some garlic ,  etc .
so ,  i returned the unit and got my money back .
even though this is an inexpensive piece i expected it to at least work .
in the num_num months i have used it maybe num_num times .
i expected a screen that would prevent prying eyes from trolling my screen .
it wasn t very expensive ,  but i won t be using it much !  .
the part that goes into the ear is entriely too large hat it wont stay in my ear securely .
maybe it s just me but i really didn t like the texture this screen protector provided once on my screen .
i don t see what the big deal about this product is .
overall ,  i find product quality marginal at best and customer service to be exceptionally poor .
i have returned this and ordered the speck case .
this may have cost less than the alternative but it was not money well spent .
i have an all glass pyrex lid and the knob gets too hot to touch without a pot holder .
and it has less product for more money  ,  that is just not worth it .
this is a product i would not have spent my money on .
after i used my last spare fuse i decided to purchase a new and different  usb charger from elsewhere .
it fit alright in the front but not the back .
i use this cup in num_num cup size for making salad dressing .
spend a little more money and get something better .
i tried all three sets of earbuds but none of them proved satisfactory . second ,  there s no inline volume control .
i did not pay for a used product !  i paid for a new one .
i took it off and made belt loop with num_num cord .
it comes with very vague instructions  look up how to use it on youtube  .
i can t believe i wasted my money on this ,  although it was cheap .
and last but not least ,  these were more expensive than any other brand .
i ve used cheaper pens that didn t lose as many bristles as this thing does .
the cassette adapter is still not a bad way to go ,  for the money .
the other not so great thing is that this screen protector scratches .
when driving means you have to look at your phone or take the call .
i have two windows machines connecting wirelessly  no problem  ,  and a wired windows machine  no problem  .
i used this product for several months as directed .
i don t have any luck with this product .
the first battery held a charge for maybe num_num hours .
do not buy it unless you have rechargeable batteries and don t need it to work very long .
they are under twenty bucks ,  so think of them as disposable appliances ,  and expect to replace it pretty often .
i didn t like the touch screen ,  so most of the features didn t do what i needed them to .
the only thing i use these for now is to mix with coffee to make a mocha .
i can t close the ipad cover if you use on an ipad so don t buy for the ipad .
i bought this case for my wife s motorola phone and it did not fit .
however this price tag is one of the most ridiculous things i have ever seen .
i bought this for my samsung num_extend expecting somewhat of a snug fit  i don t have a case  .
this prevents it from holding any soap suds for very long .
you are supposed to be able to take a cup out as it is brewing .
i used it probably about num_num hours per week ,  maximum .
if you are looking for a new num_extend controller ,  get the dualshock num_extend
the overall impression i got from the product and it s inner packaging was that it had been used .
save your pennies for the bose ipod docking station .
i purchased this in order to connect num_num pcs to one monitor ,  mouse ,  and keyboard .
the price was not terribly high for something that would have been more dependable .
the phone has frozen on me about num_num times so far .
unfortunately these do not stay on and they hurt my ears too .
there are num_num parts and you have num_num days  i think  .
the weight and effort to use  ?  ?  ?  why ?  .
so i always carry a backup film camera  my trusty elan num_extend viewfinder is very dim .
when it arrived i took a close look at it and boxed it back up and returned it .
i am appalled that amazon could sell such junk !  !  .
also ,  this camera is not as well made as prior models .
i m sorry ,  but that is just not good enough with a device this expensive .
if you want nothing buy treble buy these headphones .
i did try the latest firmware ,  and it didn t correct the problems .
quality is not up to standard for the price num_extend
i settled on using both ear muff type protection and the little foam rubber ear plugs .
for it s size it s surprisingly heavy ,  not a desirable thing on a micro sized head .
the scop is fine  , but the rubber coating allows movement and you loose the zero .
you would think it could a least charge an ipod but it didn t .
i have a newer model car ,  it doesn t clip to the vents ,  and you can t use any other way .
this product was not the normal otterbox standard i was used to and appeared very cheap .
i purchased these headphones as a replacment for a set of mei s that i had lost .
not really worth the price ,  if you ask me .
the coffee is not any better than my way less expensive coffeemaker .
it may work for some but it did not work for me and my num_extend
these look nice but are of poor quality .
i would not be surprised that it overheats though ,  considering the hot air it pushes out from the vent .
so ,  let me just say that i am not a novice to homemade ice cream .
didn t leak ,  kept hot things hot and cold things cold for hours and hours .
sound is not that good ,  they are unconfortable ,  actually ugly .
i plugged it in on the way back to work to charge up my iphone num_extend
this item arrived and it was not past it s due date .
i installed it following youtube video and it wasn t that hard .
i have not had it long enough to see any results .
as i was off buying a battery for the remote ,  the battery cover went missing .
i didn t realize i was getting a disposable when i bought it .
it is so tiny ,  that you cant even see anything barely .
i have used this on my nano ipod .
they aren t the most popular toys in the kitty basket ,  but they haven t gone unused .
may be i consume yogurt everyday after meal ,  it s already doing it s work .
i got one based on those reviews ,  i was sorry i did .
i was shocked when i opened the box ,  this looks like a $ pair of muffs .
none the less ,  i figured i d give it a try .
however ,  if you do decide to buy this item just buy it from amazon and not this seller .
i only use it on the lowest setting now .
my puppy ate a part of the bone and started choking and screaming .
while it may look cool ,  it is not recommended .
this device is supposed to allow you to add bluetooth functionality to your notebook .
people have had a hard time hearing me clearly .
i gave it num_num stars ,  as i understand some people have been able to play it .
i am disappointed at the huge size of the case ,  though .
i own num_num sony headphones and they all have the same characteristics :  loud ,  muddy ,  and bassy .
my daughter was very disappointed with the product .
i had better luck with the same item from sf planet seller .
you can save your money and get something a lot better .
this one was supposed to be the best in terms of cleaning your dishes .
this product is expensive and it isn t all that high in quality ,  to be honest .
however ,  i rate this num_num star instead of none because the fm works flawlessly .
this pasta has a nice taste ,  but is so starchy that it makes a mess when youcook it .
it took me num_num minutes to get the battery attached .
the whisk was describes as an num_num inch whisk but it is not .
this battery did not work as well as the other i ordered .
i wear size num_num shoe ,  which was supposed to be within the size range .
i haven t even used it yet and already give it a low score .
they re going to be replaced immediately with any battery other than this one .
the material is good but the fit is horrible .
i ll be making a more durable one from card stock ,  duct tape ,  and truck bedliner spray .
works for now ,  would have rather spent the money on an otterbox .
i haven t gotten a chance to try it obviously but i will say that it seems very cheaply made .
while the product came as described ,  the build quality felt a little lacking .
i returned the product and was given a full refund .
the plug is far too small to fit my phone ,  despite the description that this will fit  lg phones  .
i have bought this in the past and didn t have this problem so maybe its just a bad one .
for now ,  i was not happy with the knife .
save up and put your money towards something a better that is fit for purpose .
this heater worked well enough for my purposes ,  but it was expensive for the low quality .
it was like eating an off version of buttery popcorn .
but .  .  .  .  .  .  . i purchased this to just leave in the car to use during an emergency .
it s dirt cheap ,  there s plenty and wipes very dry unlike the % isopropyl .
i might try buying it again here or some place else .
i was disappointed after all of the good reviews i read .
i have bought many lotions off of amazon and have never been ripped off ,  until now .
these are pretty cheaply made and not at all the same color as they appear online .
we have gone back to the chargers that came with the phones and are regular samsung chargers .
i tried the works ,  but is simply didn t work for me .
i was very skeptical about using this product as it arrive in a clear plastic box with confetti .
this was just too short a no clingy and somewhat tight .
after reading other reviews i now wonder if they are really even maxell .
given the $ price ,  these headphones look surprisingly cheap . sound quality is also pretty sad .
luckily i only lost about $ or so .
so i ordered a num_num place settings  first num_num from amazon  .
but be aware that while your radio probably goes a little below num_extend or whatever ,  this doesn t .
and even that wouldn t be so bad if the sheath itself was well designed for removing the knife .
these are the most uncomfortable headphones i have ever used .
this is tne second burr coffee grinder i bought ,  neither one lasted too long .
i also found it difficult to mount on the glasses and helmet .
i just bought a pack of num_num at target of $
first of all ,  the packaging was really cheap .
i am tired of being out of town needing the extra power and having it not work .
sounds like some weird kind of plastic to me .
they are soft ,  but the fit is too big in the mid areas .
even so ,  it still took me num_num minutes to get this device paired with my cell phone .
i have bought two of these and neither work .
i was expecting a lot more from this screen protector ,  but was disappointed .
i bought it based on so many positive reviews .  .  .  . bad call .
i didn t care for this as much as i thought i would by the looks of it .
very cheap price ,  but you get what you pay for .
what you have here is a newly redecorated num_extend and that s not the same thing .
after using it to wash my hands ,  my skin was so dried out .
therefore ,  i bought a syma num_extend sold on amazon .
also ,  it s not strong enough to hold much of anything . worse ,  it does not hold up in the heat .
we have had much better and will not purchase this product again .
it doesn t protect all the side of the phone bc i got scratches now .
the box was emitting a squeaking while i opened it .
not a good fit for the new iphone num_extend
the battery ,  fully charged from use of the car ,  started at num_extend vdc .
maybe you can make the saucepans first ,  then these ?  .
it may work for some ,  but didn t work for me .
item listed as a num_extend sync and charging cable .
i tried using it for a few weeks to see if it would loosen up ,  didn t work .
it may have been a faulty item but the company does not stand by their product .
additionally the other hoovers have had plastic that seemed strong .
first ,  it s made of very thin plastic ,  which means it s just flimsy overall .
i have had this coffee maker for num_num years .
my daughter tried to make these for some friends .
it has no sugar added and contains nothing artificial .
normal pan drippings on the bottom after use .
i pay about $ in trader joe s for these ,  but you can get them cheaper on here .
it doesn t look great natural so i tend to dry and straighten it .
without it ,  you will notbe able to take good pics in less lighted areas .
i like and collect pens ,  these are not keepers; the stylus itself isn t that plush .
the red sides are plastic and the black edging is like a hard rubber .
i did not purchase this from amazon ,  but from target .
that were % better then these very thin gloves .
it looks very cheap !  !  and as you may have guessed ,  it s made in china .
i tried placing them in corners of the room at different distances .
but the phone is supposed to have wifi .
i don t think this constitutes a lot of use .
i had the original battery in num_num motorola walkies for about num_num years .
it doesn t even seem to be made specifically for this knife .
i am trying to get a refund from amazon as well .
however ,  i feel that the photo should depict the product exactly .
for a product that is $ you would think it would have better quality control .
the serum itself doesn t seem greasy or sticky .
with fore finger ,  flip the lock safety back ,  flip the  trigger  ,  voila ,  eyes closed ,  blade is out and ready .
if you get the popper ,  save the many unpopped kernels .
i am never going to buy a rival product again .
i bought these with hopes of good sound quality at a reasonable price and unfortunately ,  they did not deliver .
then it ran okay awhile ,  until a couple of weeks ago ,  when it just stopped working .
i did this ,  and it is extremely difficult ,  and yet in parts so easy it s stupid .
this is so small and weak it can t hold much weight at all .
can t believe the price on this stuff now ,  i paid half that when i ordered it .
be clear ,  it was not a minor amount .
for the price ,  you re better off buying a toaster oven and monitoring the use .
if you want to keep your phone in pristine beautiful condition ,  don t waste your time with this cheap product .
immediately ,  i noticed this pan seemed thinner and  cheaper  made ,  than in the past .
it had to be returned for a new one .
oh well ,  i think i only paid a dollar and some change .
i called again and they sent me a replacement .
can hear sounds too ,  but a constant buzzing makes it almost impossible to use .
not even worth sending back due to the shipping return charges being more that this product cost .
i shouldn t have to modify a product ,  just to be able to use it all .
after reading the reviews ,  i ordered these not really knowing what to expect .
i would have not purchased this if i had know it woudl last only a year or two .
i do not have sensitive skin ,  so this may help those who have sensitive skin .
so ,  back this device has gone to amazon .
i didn t realize i was buying such a small size when i ordered .
despite what the product description says ,  the oxo smooth edge can opener is not dishwasher safe .
the mirror works for sure ,  but it is not clear or see through .
a few of the reviews were spot on about the major flaws .
last year when i  briefly  had a droid bionic ,  i bought a diztronic matte black tpu case for it .
still didn t work very well but was okay .
i will be transferring to glass jars for storage ,  shame on them !  .
there s nothing wrong with this product ,  it works as advertised ,  i just don t like it .
i bought in num_num and i used on september num_extend
it just doesn t feel as safe as my old one .
you can go on ebay and pay many times more than the original price for used furniture .
i can remove quick shine floor finish with num_num cup of ammonia to num_num gallon of very hot water .
they were bland but had a distinct taste ,  while not bad i would call it odd .
oh ,  there was bubble wrap around the screen protectors though .
there are so many other knife selections out there that are much better .
it seemed ok until i put it in the dish washer .
the surface isnt really non stick and requires some scrubbing with a soft sponge .
this phone will not last a day ,  unless you don t use it at all .
many years ago ,  i had a convection oven .
the cherry taste is more of a juice mixture taste ,  not a pure cherry flavor .
the material is on the cheap side and very fragile .
this product was made cheap ,  looked cheap in person and had minimum protection .
ok first phone i had was the evo num_extend
i wasn t needing anything fancy ,  just a simply trimmer to trim by beard .
it was easy to set up though but overall ,  i am not happy with it .
i wish i had never bought this and glad i didn t spend more than i did on it .
and it smells really bad after a while ,  does not control smell well .
i ate them regularly for a few weeks then decided to try something else .
usually my biggest gripe with an earbud is the comfort and the inability to fit well in my ear .
used it about num_num times before it started flaking off bits into coffee grounds when tamping .
it is worse than the things i was hoping to replace .
maybe i just got a lame one  i see others are happy  but i will need another cable .
this case did not fit my iphone num_num phone .
i did request a refund and it was granted .
don t waste your time with this product ,  spend a few more bucks for the linksys camera .
okay ,  no sweat ,  good thing i purchased two .
the headset charges and the lights function correctly ,  however you cannot hear sound from the speaker what so ever .
this is a no brainer ,  just map the console controller button num_extend to keyboard button num_extend
after doing so though ,  the headset was loose in my ear because the gel was too small .
it didn t take much to toss this in the trash .
i ve been through a num_extend and a num_extend motorola bluetooth headsets .
admittedly ,  my daughters hair is extremely prone to knots .
also ,  it uses num_num aa battery ,  not num_num aaa .
look for another product to protect your iphone .
not even worth the minimal price that these chargers cost .
i ll stay with num_extend since at least i ve not run into any with holes in  em .
i have several of these colors now i have to throw out .
i found it extremely difficult to use ,  as it requires num_num hands .
i did not purchase this item on amazon but at my local fred meyer .
it doesnt take a lot of force to bump it either .
it says there is a safety clutch to prevent overwinding .
if i can implore anyone here considering making this purchase .
the plastic is the cheap hard plastic that snaps .
it gets scary hot in seconds which i like but the bubbling over not so much .
i swapped it at staples ,  and tried again .
the input cord to the num_extend player is cheaply constructed and comes apart from the unit .
it has a taste that is a little unpleasant .
i really wanted to use it for recording when i was watching something else .
finally ,  i had to make sure that my screen was clean of any debris ,  fingerprints ,  hair etc .
so i went with another panasonic . my old panasonic didn t hurt .
i have gotten better results from using cheap instant conditioners .
but i guess you get what you pay for .
this thing pops the kernels but the popcorn it makes ,  tastes terrible !  it makes mushy ,  chewy ,  microwave tasting popcorn .
the metal case it came in was bent .
i had about num_num pounds of stuff in my pack with plenty of room left over .
i am going to buy the logitech rf wireless setup for my laptop .
these should have fit the bill but they are not as wide as they said and do not fit .
i have upgraded to the latest firmware with no correction .
after about num_num months ,  my phone began freezing up ,  especially when the battery was low .
i did some research and decided a burr grinder was the only way to go for freshly ground coffee .
i also tried the voip unit for my callvantage phone .
it was okay but it didn t last very long which was pretty disappointing .
it s making an otherwise pretty great phone .  .  . pretty unusable .
i have large wrists and this looks very small on me .
these protectors are thick and they interfere with the viewing of the screen .
given all the positive reviews ,  i was anxious to try these noodles .
these two buttons can be configured to perform different operations like forward ,  backward etc .
it slides around and slips off the bowl rim ,  which is really dangerous for the fingers .
you put num_num aa batteries  not included  into the remote ,  then plug the remote into the car .
i had to take the battery out and put it back in again .
these glasses are not stackable !  they easily break .
my problem is that this product just doesn t last .
it does not look anything like the picture the case looks so cheaply made .
i am glad they did not cost much .
it is like it is too big and too small at the same time .
as i mentioned in my earlier review ,  i use the iriver num_extend
but if amazon had not send a bad toy i think i would gladly give it num_num stars .
i also briefly owned one of vtech s cordless phones which was also terrible .
the second unit i bought ,  i didn t open fora week .
after doing this ,  you have a visible display in an awkward viewing position along with buttons that sometimes work .
if i m not using it ,  it barely adds one percent power per num_num minutes .
if things change  i get a reaction from either cat  ,  i will update my review .
the problem is that when you take it out of its case ,  your phone is completely unprotected .
i was hesitant about buying a brand i ve never heard of .
loose isolation ear buds also make audio quality suffer . volume and phone buttons are small and hard to press .
i ve used many portable chargers over the years ,  and i was surprised at how strange this one is .
this is when i learned that my ipod was not damaged .
i had high hopes for the product because o . p . i .
it s supposed to make noise ,  or supposed to be loud  .
i did . the main issue seems to be getting the inner clasp locked properly .
and it didn t fall off while being used ,  which was very puzzling .
no temperature control and is always super hot .
i ordered it for my iphone num_extend and it just didn t seem to fit right .
definitely not worth the few dollars you spend on them .
i needed a blade that left hair longer .
i fully charged it and it was zapped after one single iphone replenishment .
this protector was not user friendly ,  does not cover phone screen , also doesn t stick like it should .
if your phone doesn t work with the adapters provided you have to buy additional adapters .
i have arthritis in my hands and found this product difficult to use .
it doesn t even snap together properly and offers about as much protection for your phone as saran wrap .
i don t know why but this device is noisy ,  it has a distinct buzz .
for what it cost ,  i expected this to be a little sturdier .
as you would expect ,  the flavor is also pretty bland .
it s just as hard as the last rock ,  just bigger .
i was not expecting it to be so bright .
there s too much give in the mesh portion connected to the pen when extended .
it looks tacky and cheap in my car .
the sound is great in general ,  but the total lack of bass makes them worthless for the price .
the price is alright ,  but these things never seem to work for us .
not a problem :  amazon allowed me to return them .
i have only had this for about two weeks .
setup was a breeze ,  probably because i only use mac address filtering rather than wep ,  etc .
who knows ,  but ,  it was not what i expected .
i bought num_num of the $ fancy grate ones with the hard plastic grate .
i quit messing with it after the first day and will buy something more robust to replace it .
the idea of it is cool but nope not a good product in my opinion .
this is a big scam in my opinion .
it s really light and flimsy ,  which adds to the issue of moving it accidentally and setting it off .
i tried using this and didn t seem to work too well .
not surprisingly ,  i had trouble figuring out how to use it .
i replaced them with some single prong ngks vpower and the problem went away .
thats about the only great thing about it .
i am going back to my orgain protein shakes .
i m glad i didn t pay any more for it .
i cleaned my rug with the same amount of leaking that i am used to .
the music is not the best and it gets annoying after a while .
first impression :  poorly madeall of the parts that go into this fairly expensive item are really sub par .
i particularly wanted a headphone for my htc evo num_extend
i never even received this yet so i can t rate it .
i have ordered num_num other of these cases in num_num different color .
it is not a bold look  .  .  .  . more for lengthening and definition .
i am thinking it should not have been so expensive for what its made with .
i have used a droid razr ,  droid razr maxx and now the num_extend
now this i found unthinkable ,  a knife thats edge is so dull ,  you cant cut paper with it .
think i may try adding it to my fruit smoothie tomorrow .
but this machine wasnt ! after num_num months ,  i noticed some plastic bits in my coffee .
we fixed it num_num times while i was there .
even for the price ,  this winchester knife is not capable of meeting the demands of a true outdoorsman .
i returned it and i am getting my refund .
linoleum or tiles if you have a vacuum cleaner .
maybe this makes coffee taste better ,  but i guess we thought it was fine before .
i have to increase the lighting on my phone in order to see the screen which drains my battery .
when it was hit with a knife when cutting ,  one of the tines broke .
i am so glad i didn t pay full price for this .
i try to stay away from products made in china .
i thought they would look awesome ,  but i was wrong ,  the fit is not good at all ,  unfortunately .
these battery s can be charging all day ,  say they are fully charged ,  and die num_num hours later .
pay twice the price if you have to ,  it s better than wasting your money on this .
now it looks like i will have to purchase another pair ,  just hope that pair isn t defective also .
this case fits the num_extend however just barely .
yes ,  you can turn up the volume but only during loud action sequences is the hiss finally masked .
the basic design of this oven has not changed since num_extend
as long as you keep your phone no further from the earpiece than your shirt pocket .
that condemns me to buying a new cm .
bought this for my g daughter s num_extend birthday but sent it back immediately .
these are probably the worst sounding pair of headphones i ve ever used .
i would buy a larger size as it is cotton and did shrink in the wash .
i don t necessarily like throwing all of those batteries away when there are rechargables .
while this seemed ok ,  it was not what i wanted .
i ve been using this product for over num_num months now and makes my hair dryer .
well ,  i ve only tried this brand ,  and the taste is hard to describe .
it has num_num grams of actual sugar but has some other type of sweetener in it .
anyway the thing didn t last long so i bought another .
plus ,  the sets were $ when they were made in the usa .
these are smaller than i was expecting ,  so they are not that helpful .
i will say it has only come off my dash once in the num_num months it has been installed .
there are other phone holders that cost more and are better .
but as soon as it took a swan dive i sent it in for a replacement .
when you plug it in with ac ,  you get noise on am .
i will have to buy another coffee maker   but no another one of these   .
i ordered num_num of these for my daughter s bicycles .
i thought it would be supportive for my wrist pain ,  but it just made it worse .
this filter has been changed to be less dense and less able to trap debris .
fingerless gloves are not going to be beat by these .
you are paying for packaging ,  and little else that cannot be purchased elsewhere for much ,  much cheaper .
this spatual blade is thick ,  and does not have a thin edge for scraping .
there are num_num metal clips along each long side that will release .
i was hoping better and softer fabric quality but it was not .
i didn t see much of an improvement when using this by itself .
this was the first phone i bought when i switched to virgin mobile .
luckily it fits so it wasn t a complete waste and the end result was what i wanted .
i really wanted to like this but it s really hard to chew and has a strange after taste .
however ,  this is only praise that i can bestow upon this product .
yes ,  scent is personal ,  but i don t have severe headaches when using other scented personal care products .   .
i had read reviews about some of them not working .
i tried a similar style from bloch and i didn t have this problem .
i wish i could say the same about taste .
i only spent a couple of dollars so it s not worth getting a refund .
it s too bad because the sound of the shures is pretty nice otherwise .
i thought i was getting a bargain by buying the pd num_num for $
i had really high hopes for this product .
still ,  i never expected it to be so bad .
save your money !  this case is also hard to get on and off .
we tried it and it was both very gingery and sugary .
after receiving these i went back to double check the product description and pictures .
i saw this grip and although it was expensive ,  i thought it would solve the problem .
the size didn t work for me either ,  were too big .
the combination smells like something i would use to clean my bathroom .
it s thick and a bit doughy ,  but not the sweet taste that i typically expect when mixed with cinnamon .
i had this adapter running in my the cardbus slot of my windows num_num computer and it ran fine .
is it something i like having in my kitchen ?  not really .
i would recommend that you spend your money on an extra bowl rather than this .
other than that ,  i would not recommend this product .
i still want the num_extend just a little fearfull to order another right now .
i know these are cotton ,  but i didn t expect them to shrink two sizes .
i had to press the ear pieces against my ear to notice the noise canceling function .
i have to add stevia or sugar to make this more palatable ,  otherwise i cannot drink this .
these chargers are cheap ,  to say the least .
i used it to connect my iphone num_extend to my yamaha reciever .
the cassette adaptor did not work in my car .
unlike the old rca cables ,  hdmi cables do not suffer from signal loss .
my guess .  .  . made in china for close to nothing and sold for ten times more .
either the screen is off and doesn t turn on ,  or it turns on in safe mode .
i tried one and don t think i ll be drinking any more .
i thought ,  ok ,  ill put it in the wash and then dry it and maybe it will shrink .
there seems to be a lip around the edge of the case .
these are nothing special and again ,  they are very tiny .
i have no idea where these good reviews came from .
it s just so cheaply made ,  looks cheesy ,  bad plastic and it leaks .
it s a little bulky ,  but with the amount of battery life its given my cell phone i don t care .
would never have bought any other product if the quality remained .
it didn t last num_num minutes before my dog chewed it off .
they don t hold the blue tooth in my ear any better than if i didn t have them at all .
what it did for me was that ,  but also burned my skin from within .
i bought this item and num_num other moon dough products for my num_num year old for christmas .
this screen replacement did not fit correctly ,  i had to modify it just to get it to slide in .
this item is simply not worth the money .
it was still vaguely fruity on the front of my tongue but seriously bitter in the back .
judging by other reviews it s not just me .
i returned the first one under warranty because the battery door wouldn t stay shut .
unfortunatley the updated version is not nearly as nice as the pair i received about num_num years ago .
if you like bass ,  i mean head submerged in num_extend of pudding bass then these are for you .
i ve tried several different brands from the store .
i thought since it was called sleek white that maybe it would be a little pearly but it doesn t .
not to mention i received this product that fits a little loose into my actual car charger .
this turns into a tedious and time consuming process .
this is not the case with this knife .
the cord is too short and there is not volume control on the cord with is inconvenient .
it obviously works for some people ,  but not for me .
but it s cheap so no regrets on the money loss .
next time i will try a different brand .
they are extremely sharp ,  but i can t help but feel like i ve wasted about $ on these three knives .
perfume can really irritate not only a dogs nose but his skin .
bose did ,  however ,  introduce me to better sounding headphones .
now i have to buy another pair to replace these .
i tried using it with my sansa clip num_extend player in my toyota num_extend
i have been on them for a week now ,  and don t seem to notice much of a difference .
too difficult to use and it causes more pain than usual .
i bought this thinking it was the wash product .
i also think $ is too much of a bargain for all these items .
what am i supposed to do with it between times i use it ?  .
not to mention ,  it takes forever to make a cup of coffee .
you might as well use a little cell phone to play games .
kinda weird since i haven t found a way to buy the handheld unit separately .
it is paper thin and it is hard .
it looks cheap and just doesn t look like the picture .
it didn t work for me ,  but it might work for you .
either way ,  not worth the price .  .  . not even close .
it is slippery but the it lathers into the hair ,  and rinses ,  it feels hard ,  not a detangling shampoo .
ok ,  i can afford aa batteries ,  not a big deal .
it does work . but it is not idpa acceptable .
i ve purchased this product before from my local grocery store .
it smells like plastic even though it s fragrance free .
not about to ruin another phone just to have a cheap charger .
it s ok except the black paint flakes off right away .
thinking nothing about it ,  i plug it in to charge .
should consider a different phone ,  really ,  because htcs  droids  eat way too much battery power .
i have cleaned the sprayer with vinegar ,  water ,  etc .
that should last me my lifetime and leave num_num or num_num to bequeath to my survivors .
the case does not look like the picture .
the headphones did not seem to fit properly on my ears .
sound does not sound good and not all function work a do not buy look for something else .
i was excited when i attached it to my old work chair .
it also takes num_num aa batteries and drains them extremely fast .
i don t know why in person it s just not as pretty but it s not .
for the price ,  this truck should be more durable .
i have tried several of those that i have ,  ,  , i once bought num_num of them ,  ,  , and they all failed .
they are very cheaply made and crack and break easily .
so now they are better ?  they break so they need to be cheap .
num_extend num_extend few months ago we took the vacuum in to be looked at .
perhaps my expectations were somewhat higher and therefore my disappointment was there because of it .
this product is not even worth $  free  .
and i would probably still be using it ,  except that after less than a month ,  it broke .
i followed the sizing instructions and ordered a large and it was loose fitted on me .
but ,  it did not worsen my skin either .
also ,  i now note poor scratchy sound at the very beginning of most discs .
in fact ,  the makeup seems to rub off easier because it s on a greasy layer that s on my skin .
i wash my hands and the smell goes away .
i had never tried this before ,  and thought it would taste like a crunchy version of raisin bran .
for a few bucks more i could have picked up another marantz num_extend mkii unit on ebay .
gerber was my brand years ago when they were made in the u . s . a .
i ordered a num_num and they feel more like an num_num or even smaller .
i have to exfoliate my skin with a wet washcloth prior to cleansing in order to reduce flakiness .
it wasn t so bad at first ,  but now that it s colder outside ,  i have to wear a coat .
i have never reacted this way to any other product before .
the sound is adequate and ,  as previously noted ,  annoying . some of the other options included are useless .
the quality is just not what i remember .
i should have paid attention to the reviewers here who warned about the poor quality of this product .
i decided to fork over a little more money for these ,  and i just don t care for them .
somehow the cord must be incompatible with my phone .  .  .  . oh well .
this mirror distorted images and i couldn t see anything .
the color is what was expected ,  however the fabric is very thin .
i ve had them in for a couple of weeks and they have not shifted and are not loose .
very disappointing after reading so many great reviews on it .
in my case . now i m out twenty bucks plus the price of the new ones .
i don t like throwing away appliances after such a short time .
right out of the package i noticed the cheap quality of them .
i was excited to receive these jeans based on other positive reviews .
i had this item replaced twice before giving up .
and there are num_num other products that depending on your circumstances you may have to use as well .
its signal range was also very short requiring very close placement to any radio device .
i expected a heck of a lot more .
its not smooth flat and i get comments from people thinking it looks weird too .
it charges my samsung galaxy num_extend sometimes but does not charge my htc evo at all .
the headset appears to work for about num_num minutes or so .
don`t waste your time or money on this ill fitting phone case that had a gap at the corner .
my dog chewed through the first time i gave it to him .
if they were a lot cheaper i would ,  but at this price it s not worth it .
bring to a boil ,  remove pot from heat source and cover the pot for twelve minutes .
so i decided to try it on num_extend
i bought the num_extend usb charger that l can plug into the apple charger .
having used it for a few months ,  i can say that this is a frustrating piece of equipment .
the batteries stay put until the rack is bumped or you are wanting to get a battery out .
but eventually i screwed around with enough things it started to work .
i have no idea why these things are getting such great reviews .
this is slightly more expensive than my local brands ,  so i had high expectation .
i like bright pigmented eyeshadows that go on smoothly and this is just not the one .
you get what you pay for and this is not worth the money .
overall the quality does not meet my expectations .
i ordered it from a vendor in china because they are selling it cheap .
i tried this product after reading about it in a fashion magazine .
i have purchased this item num_num times and the parts keep breaking off .
my knives were dull ,  and this sharpener didn t do the trick .
it s really small and the material is thin ,  overall ,  it s flimsy .
the extended battery didn t last as long as a regular battery .
hard to complain too much as i paid only $ but i wouldn t recommend it .
after it failed at charging either of these items ,  i didn t feel comfortable trying it on my phone .
i used this with my iphone to output to my car s stereo .
i ll finish what i bought ,  but this just wasn t something i d consider buying again .
this is not so bad the first time you do it ,  but becomes increasingly annoying over time .
unfortunately ,  that is not the quality i was looking for .
ok i have owned this for over num_num years .
i d like to add pics but not seeing that option i m using my phone .
this is not the right product for that ,  not for me at least .
i kinda wish i could return it but at least it was cheap .
ok ,  it doesn t claim mac compatibility explicitly ,  but there aren t many usb devices that don t work fine there .
if i accidentally touch the plug ,  the phone does not charge .
this suggests that one wash with wen costs $
to be honest ,  this is my reason for switching from the samsung reverb to this phone .
i used these with a canon num_extend is camera .
it just didn t work for what i wanted .
the slightest breeze causes it to spill ,  emptying it in short order .
it was still under warranty so i took it back and had it repaired ,  but it didn t last long .
it is strange how readily it scratches though .
i can program to come on or start it manually to no avail .
i returned the first  broken  one immediately and had the replacement in just a couple of days .
save your money and buy a conventional thermo such as polder ,  taylor or pyrex .
all the puzzle pieces are the same ,  the only difference being the color .
i have an oem samsung battery ,  which i tried to insert in the unit .
i bought this cable at a very cheap price .
but it doesn t control itself well ,  is not very well designed ,  and does not appear durable .
after using this product for a month ,  i have noticed no effects whatsoever .
but the battery started losing its charge after going through num_num to num_num charging cycles .
amazon . com did replace the num_extend one i bought last yr .
it works for a small dry pouch for money ,  id and credit cards .
i ve cared for the pot as directed ,  rinsing out and storing dry between uses .
but in the end ,  you get what you pay for .
it was only $ so i wont bother to return it .
it did protect the phone but not impressed at all with it cracking into pieces .
i mean ,  it wouldn t be that bad if they gave us a flashlight ,  but they dont .
will look elsewhere next time i purchase this item .
i bought it to replace an ipaq num_num which needed an external num_extend pc card to do wireless .
i would not advise the product for the non professional .
i have tried several brands and have had the same issue .
everyone raves about this product ,  but it s not all that .
i was really excited to get it in the mail ,  but was thoroughly disappointed when i finally used it .
i am sure they would have been nice had i got them .
this was pretty ,  but arrived cracked from the vendor .
to use the hose extension ,  it requires jumping through more hoops than any other vacuum i ve ever owned .
so i just wanted something small and cheap .
i have owned the num_extend htc touch num_extend htc num_extend nokia num_extend nokia num_extend nokia num_extend and apple iphone .
the sound quality was not very good either .
it s basically a very large piece of plastic with some snaps to create arm holes .
unfortunately this did not . i used it when i first got it and it worked fine .
i ve used other brands in the past and had no problem .
it drops my connection from time to time .
not sure if the problem is the charger not playing well with the phone or what ?  .
i thought i was being professional but i did not get smooth results .
no ,  i had to go and buy it .
this is my same issue the the wireless headsets but save that for another review .
but it is cheap ,  and will do as an emergency or texting phone .
they re not terrible but they also aren t that great .
i returned these without any problem and will continue to look for better quality .
really a shame such junk is marketed on amazon . com .
a num_extend cable would be better if it was streamlined so it wouldn t snag as readily as this does .
i do think that an alledgedly  tuff  product should last longer than it did .
i wanted to give it num_num stars but it wouldn t let me .
does not fall off at all but will come off it you put it in your pocket .
please save your money and buy something better .
i use this spray on top of the brushing so it gets rid of his bad breath instantly .
now i am researching a different bluetooth to purchase .
it was much smaller than i anticipated ,  really sized for a cat or toy breed .
i just couldn t get a decent sound from it .
i rate it low ,  because it does not fit my product .
use a knife blade flat on a garlic clove and hit the blade with you hand .
this product was not what i had expected .
i only remove the ase about once a week so it should not be ripping .
it looks nice but it only lasted num_num weeks or so before it started falling apart .
it is num_extend long and weighs num_num pounds .
if there was a rating lower than num_num star ,  i would give it .
the screen is kind of hard to see .
however ,  the face is huge and not very feminine .
i have had my nexus one for num_num month now and charged it almost daily during this time .
this is not  ultra sonic  more like  ultra weak  .
i really wish i could agree with so many of the other reviews floating around .
contacted storefront who fullfilled order for amazon and was referred to curt mfg .
the only thing that makes them slightly better is to heat them up for num_num seconds in the microwave .
i don t know if it simply didn t work or if it s that bad .
i was so glad when these finally arrived ,  but i couldn t keep them .
a very tiny knife ,  suitable only for those with very ,  very small hands .
i cant review this items for how nice or crappy it is .
i tried it when my phone was fully charged and the phone battery still drained .
clean up is a breeze  there literally is nothing to clean up  .
i wanted one for making meatballs and this is too small .
i got this phone ,  and there was constant problems with it; they contacted me and replaced the phone .
they are claimed to also fit the kerr wide mouth jars ,  but i don t have any experience with kerr .
did not help my phone to last any longer .
doesn t fit in belt clip case provided by manufacturer .
i understand you get what you pay for .
this food must have a lot of salt or something .
i just glad i didn t buy a full box of it .
you must wait until the battery is at least partially charged .
i finally gave it to a thrift store .
i haven t taken it for a full month yet but i haven t noticed any improvements at all yet .
i own several pairs of num_extend num_extend num_num and num_extend
now i m very excited to get my money back .
i was hoping to be able to change batteries but i couldn t get it to work .
no ,  i did not drop or abuse these headphones .
find a better product and pay a little more .
i had one of these that came with my original htc ,  that broke after a year .
i think honestly that s why i was lured in ,  by the way it looks .
she is a golden retriever who weighs over num_num pounds .
i gave it a one star based on this ,  otherwise ,  it would have been a num_num star .
in my opinion ,  the product description is misleading ,  however the box this product arrives in is very clear .
when i occasionally get a clear signal  not often  ,  the sound is average .
this bag is constructed of an outer mesh material ,  but the fabric has a plastic film backing .
this was going to be my everyday carry ,  or edc ,  knife to have with me at all times .
i was going to buy one of these cases for my new palm vx .
whatever i m cleaning ends up with loose bristles all over them .
i should have ordered a different headset since i already had one before and it did not last long .
otherwise get a can opener that uses ac only and you ll not have to deal with dead can openers .
it being only a few bucks ,  i ll probably just go buy another brand . no ,  i can t recommend this case .
i upgraded the firmware with the latest version without results .
this filter is was no good to me .
plus ,  you had to supply your own power cord to go with this .
i have no clue where all these glowing reviews come from .
however ,  i also use it to access my company s network from home using vpn .
then i proceeded to pour a cup of distilled water through it .
even the case itself started to look dingy and scratched up .
very little additional work involved in just using gf all purpose flour and adding leavening ,  shortening ,  etc .
this is an average sounding headphone by comparison .
have had my dog on this for over num_num months and have not seen any difference .
the controls are not as responsive as i like ,  and buttons are assigned to many actions .
first time i used this pan i boiled potatoes .
i am returning it ,  and will buy a different model from another company .
so i thought i would try one of these .
it s nothing like any of it i ve had before .
now i use them without vacuum for sugar ,  flour ,  etc .
had to bend it to make it work at all but it still doesn t work as advertised .
yes ,  it smells nice ,  but it s not what it claims to be .
when i drink hot chocolate ,  i like to put marshmallows in it ,  but there s no way with this one .
usually give pretty good reviews on most products but this one stood out as a bad one unfortunately .
basically it comes down to being to costly for what it does .
not worth the plastic it s made out of .
i was hoping that this item would be a way to hear my iphone better but alas .
buy something else !  !  ! if all you need is one router in one location ,  maybe this product is ok .
we have a zoji rice cooker ,  a small capacity coffee maker ,  and a num_num lb .
i will not chance using this again when i know there are more reliable products on the market .
the whole thing should be made of a higher quality material .
the company sent me a new one and i tried again .
purchased another one to only have a problem with that one too .
it reminds me of the wet food i feed my cats .
it was ok ,  really didnt look great ,  not nearly as white as in the photo ,  but overall ok .
it seemed to perform a little better on carpet but it s really hard to roll on deep pile carpet .
had to change my review from num_num stars to num_num star .
this product does not seem to be up to normal nivea standards ,  very disappointing .
sadly ,  it is already in the mail being returned  which amazon was wonderful about  .
i too wanted my cats to have silica dust free litter ,  so i switched to this brand .
not sure if it s because it runs too hot ,  but the popcorn it puts out are more chewy .
i have had this knife for quite sometime and today it finally failed on me .
i did not spread it thin and i followed the instructions .
i get grass ,  sand ,  and dirt on my phone everyday .
i do not believe i will purchase this item again in the future .
it was as if the screw i was trying to turn was completely rounded ,  but it wasn t .
i liked the look of these shoes but they were too small .
i remember my grandmother s heavy cast iron apple peeler that looked very similar to this .
i didn t even buy these for myself ,  but they came in the apartment i moved into .
i put the battery in my phone and it keeps restarting for num_extend
the lid doesn t fit the cup very well ,  and the coffee drips and sputters everywhere while brewing .
spring for the extra $ andbuy a better cable .
i don t like the look of this product .
i felt like i could cut myself easier with the mach .
less characters ,  smaller keyboard ,  and only one pencil width .
despite the affected branding ,  this is basically a small can of black coffee .
i wish i could remove the opener and put it on my old opener handle .
this cheese is baked until crunchy and is a low carb ,  low calorie snack .
i read the good reviews and i read the bad ones .
when my last one gave out ,  i did alot of research on the internet before buying a replacement .
since i frequently remove my iphone from the case ,  it has started cracking at weak points and falling apart .
the large spout is to big unless you are poring into a large bowl ,  container etc .
but you get what you pay for ,  right ?  .
that may also be a side effect of point num_extend
but unless you are in a quiet room ,  you can t hear it .
i didnt expect much from this tripod despite the reviews at the num_num dollar price tag .
but honestly ,  i m not a fan of it .
i wanted a cheap cord reel for my leaf blower .
i m glad the other reviewers had better luck .
although it isn t as pretty as the pictured cover .
it is glued together and the glue just pulled apart and i tried to take the cap off .
you can get it for like num_num bucks on ebay .
i can t get enough power to charge it when it is plugged in to my netbook or laptop .
first of all ,  this is tricky to use .
i don t know what the issue is as the devices worked fine on my old motherboard .
a better choice would be almost any of the sennheiser mx series earphones .
it sounds ok but the cord doesnt last long .
the current model of these is not what they used to be .
it isn t really even enough for a two person family .
too canny a taste that made me stop eating it .
they taste bad at first ,  but after you keep eating they become tolerable .
apparently not all microusb cables are the same .
maybe i ll wait another month before trying it again .
spend a bit more ,  get a better model .
its not completely useless and i havent even gotten to use it a single time .
however ,  the trouble begins when wearing the ear buds .
it has probably been used for less than num_num hours and never abused .
when i stir fry i scoop up and flip in my wok while cooking .
but it is meant to just sit on a shelf .
all of these negative reviews are very suspicious to me .
and the price is too much for the size .
however shipped quickly and not a bad price ,  will see about a replacement .
i have an average to large head and they are too tight .
i returned this product and got a full refund with no hassle .
it was a good idea ,  but poor execution .
then i bought it in num_extend they weren t having it .
this did not live up to my expectations .
some of them are like long thin wooden knives .
the only reason i m on amazon today is that i m shopping to replace this one .
this is the first product i purchased from amazon that did not work as advertised .
medium is baggy on a lean frame ,  material is a bit coarse ,  nothing special here .
and the gloves are latex !  they should be nitrile gloves to avoid problems with latex allergies .
first of all ,  these are really hard to apply .
i am not giving this brand a bad review ,  just for this particular phone since the screen is curved .
you will need num_extend replacement filter for that .
i was looking forward to trying this coffee .
music ?  well ,  i know everyone has their different tastes ,  but i m not feeling this .
i expect the durability will be lower on the behringer than the boss as it has a plastic case .
i was baffled when my dog took two bites and spit the food out .
it s either too hot when you take it out of the microwave or not warm enough .
they seem to be made of super cheap plastic .  .  . had planned to order two more but i just wasn t impressed .
my original hoover steam vac was purchased in early num_extend
so of course ,  i have to buy a new one .
this black rubberized case does not stay snapped on my phone .
sound quality is ok at low volumes but speakers  rattle  as you turn up the volume .
the suction is wimpy compared to the old one .
i d suggest getting a better quality one that will last longer .
the earring backs need to be a little more snug .
i dropped it and my phone poppped out of the case causing minor scratches on the sides .
i am shopping for a replacement ,  basic pair now .
villaware num_extend grand wrap tortilla and flatbread makeris cheaply made .
somehow when viewing the picture ,  i thought it was larger .
i guess i like more of a matte feel when it comes to makeup .
the problem was that the spring tension of the ear loop was slightly pushing the headset off my ear .
unfortunately mine broke and the fan no longer spins .
i just feel that i could have purchased an equally competent product for much much less .
after num_num minutes of continuous use it becomes quite hot  not wram  around the battery compartment area .
i wish i would of known that before i bought this one on amazon .
things are somewhat improved when the case is removed ,  but the device is still not firmly held .
then i tried it for the turkey bake .
i ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated .
the pictures are blue ,  and it doesn t say anywhere in the description that colors may vary .
in fact ,  the sticky texture of them will annoy you and they will probably start peeling on the edges .
i was expecting to get smores like goodness out of this product .
i have placed these in several of my phones since they first came out in the num_extend
i didn t even bother to waste my time putting it on my phone .
the coolpix num_num takes num_extend megapixel pictures ,  but the num_num take num_extend megapixel .
my expectations were low but this plastic case looks like it came out of a vending machine .
either that ,  or go for nba live num_num or nba num_extend
this coffee isn t bad ,  its just not one of my favorites .
i had it plugged in firmly to my iphone ,  so that wasn t it .
i won t be buying these again unless they are sold directly by amazon at a reasonable price .
i am so perplexed by all the great reviews .
my phone charged extremely slowly and i could not access my phone while it was plugged in .
the elastic is very thin at the waist and overall they are just ok .
i had to buy another cuisinart num_num cup coffeemaker with the shorter glass carafe .
this just doesn t cut as well as i had hoped .
no problems other than the product is not what is advertised .
it will work but you ll beat your hand up trying to bang tbe lever down .
moreover ,  you are relying on the device to actually charge your car battery .
i haven t been able to get this to work yet .
but i just don t feel confident that it will hold up without bending out of position over time .
i do not recommend that you buy these unless you have had them before and know what to expect .
item price was great ,  but product was a little too greasy for my preference .
i just wanted to see if it would hold my interest .
and the portion is very small for being so expensive .
the instructions were followed to the letter with the same stuck results .
the smaller piece was very flimsy and broke .
half ground beans get stuck and soaked in the container .
num_num scoops of this brand makes it thick but not creamy .
the screen being lit was nice for night rides but only lasting num_num mins or so was not acceptable .
those were stable and were not cheaply made .
so ,  i say again ,  try products for yourself before you try to ban them .
i replaced the ,  i thought cheap factory dual cone speakers .
i think it is then packaged in the u . s .
thye do not hold up well to milk and go soggy very fast .
what i wasn t expecting was for the scissor blades to already be tarnishing .
without the notches to retain the cord end ,  it is very difficult to reel up the cord .
the size i ordered should have fit fine  queen  .
with the smallest of the num_num not much larger than my hand .
they are also kind of cheap for the money .
after two emails and num_num days i finally received a response .
for many years ,  i bought netgear devices because they were cheaper than other big brands .
although it does protect the screen ,  the edges of the protector do not stay attached to the screen .
the price is low but ugly is ugly .
as soon as i got the package ,  i swapped batteries with my old one in my blackberry .
hmm the touch screen and controls weren t working .
however ,  on a whim i decided to try it again .
if you insert a card in your phone .
i am guilty of checking reviews and depending on them when i look for a product .
i purchased this razor after a braun i had didn t work right anymore after a year of use .
they are num_num pieces inside num_num pack and num_num bonus for back side .
bummereffects some :  it stopped working after about two months .
it is hard ,  and hard to soften to apply to skin .
i wanted rubber to protect my phone from impact . they sent a hard ` thin plastic case .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . garbage .
i am glad i did not buy it .
i have to buy one from another company now .
if you are looking for a white case .
i might buy another one because the straps never hurt me so much as the ones from this bag .
this is sadly not a good web browsing phone .
the translucent buttons are a little too opaque for easy reading .
shouldn t have to do that for the hefty price ,  imo .
my iphone has no other cover on it .
when i received them they felt too big .
i owned the previous model num_extend standard  and installed it with no problem .
it will either fit juuuuuust right ,  or be too big or too small .
this is not a  sports chew  or healthy snack .
i contacted the seller and they contacted thule on my behalf .
this phone case is extremely cheap and looks it .
i generally don t have a very discerning palate when it comes to coffee .
before i go further ,  the biggest drawback of this phone is battery life .
i had one of these and returned it .
i did not want to mess with batteries in a bluetooth so i opted for a wired earpiece .
dimensions are not quite right when comparing to the original battery .
obviously the battery died and i couldn t use it .
i will ask amazon to send me a replacement ,  as it must have been defective .
i wonder if motorola just doesn t make a good product anymore .
this was bought as a gift for my son s first christmas ,  he was num_extend at the time .
i ve gone through two of these and won t purchase another .
otherwise ,  it does not provide enough power to interact with your ipod .
ok for use as a cheap emergency radio to be kept with emergency supplies ,  etc .
not my top choice for a scrubber in my kitchen sink .
i wish it was good ,  but it tastes pretty horrible .
i tryed making coffee in it a couple times and am not all that impressed .
after dropping basically over $ with shipping etc .
initially it seemed to work pretty well but the last few months it doesn t seem to have much affect .
your kids may accept these as edible ,  but why not give them something better ?  .
that irked me ,  but they were inexpensive so thought i d deal with it .
unfortunately ,  it wasn t all i thought it would be .
next to it is a small ,  red button that sits flush with the grip and operates video mode .
and it s not by hearing . second ,  there s the shiny blue light .
i tried with multiple types of phones ,  and it just doesn t cut it .
the downside is it is a killer on the eyes as it is way too bright .
but i wouldn t buy it again unless i got something like a % discount .
the clip that goes around the ear is thin and easily breakable .
seems like it can be broken off easily .
and yes ,  the volume knob is loose as mentioned by others .
additionally ,  if you have space problems ,  it is difficult to store as its an odd shape .
i am in the process of trying to get yet another replacement  that will be no .
the cutting blades on this aren t sharp enough as far as i m concerned .
check the faqs and oh ,  there is a num_num minute charger available too now .
the external drive i connected to the usb port was  visible  to my network computers only occasionally .
i know several people who have tried this product and they all had the same results .
banging it out frequently only worked for a while ,  then i had to purchase a new filter at $
im stuck using the messed up one i received .
really loud . this was one of the cheaper door flap products .
i cannot describe the taste other than to say that it was an original coffee taste .
in my case ,  i m in verizon cdma coverage .
i was hoping this shampoo would be one of them ,  based on some favourable reviews .
if i use it over clothing then it seem it is not the best way to wear it .
i ordered this external battery charger for my wife s phone since hers dies all the time .
one would assume the problem is the fan being too loud ,  but that s not it .
this thing ?  nope ,  it sits right around the back ,  not even touching the front part of the phone .
the technology is fine but the attachment to the instrument isn t very friendly .
this product looks so good but tastes so awful .
it allows the radio to latch on to some frequencies that otherwise would be intolerable ,  due to interference .
given how expensive this stuff is ,  one should not have to make such compromises .
i am now into my second bottle and have seen zero difference . i stopped using chemical shampoo and conditioner .
to be fair ,  i m not a fan of many flavored coffees ,  but still ,  this wasn t good .
i have my num_extend in a credenzza ,  with the rest of my components .
to me if something is air tight ,  then water should not come out .
i have never had a bit of trouble with my other one .
the silicone does not fit as right as i thought it would .
i bought this salad spinner to replace a broken salad spinner .
the batteries after while expanded a bit in the center . charger takes too long to charge .
clearly ,  there is not as much fat in the product as formerly .
it was properly packaged but the base was broken and poorly glued together .
i gave num_num stars because i didn t waste much money lol .
here is why :  i estimate these num_num cup versions actually make num_num cups .
first of all ,  when i ordered this item the image showed it was white not black .
that s why i rated this game with num_num stars instead of one .
i m panicky about keys . the plastic screen also makes using the touch interface kinda clunky .
i did not agree !  !  it did an adequate job but not good enough for what was advertised .
the sound is ok and all the standard sound effects are here ,  but there is nothing memorable at all .
these are true to size ,  but very thin cotton and very cheaply made .
reception is not as good ,  i don t know what went on when developing this .
i don t want to tell people not to buy this product .
can t do that when the belt is threaded thru pants belt loops .
i wanted it more for an addition to my plain perked coffee .
i waited a little while after this arrived to use it .
this product is much smaller than described and a large didn t fit a small dog .
i ordered both the num_extend and the num_num plantronics .
it was thinner than i had ever seen before .
this item is not as big as it looks .
curls up after num_num wash in the dishwasher .
in the real world ,  the battery life in nothing like what is advertised .
my skin doesn t seem any different while using it .
for one thing ,  it was much smaller than i thought it would be .
taste and texture were not to my liking .
turns out they are both made by num_extend
i read several flat iron reviews before purchasing a new flat iron and decided to go with this one .
i have arthritis in my hands ,  so opening jars is painful for me .
this iron worked ok ,  but then stopped heating after i had it about three years .
i use this brand for other things and they are ok ,  this however didn t work for me .
the connections weren t loose and no damage to the cord .
at this point it is usable but not reliable .
the house is heavily air conditioned so no humidity and there is no  sweat  .
this brush is supposed to be like a brush and flosses too .
netgear is supposed to have a num_num year warranty num_extend on the power supply  .
at first ,  i thought maybe it was just plastic from when i bought it that was peeling off .
the screen felt a little thinner than others i ve used .
i understand by looking at other reviews that this is not unusual .
i use it but would not recommend it to others .
either buy some other one or buy headphones with a volume control ,  such as the koss num_extend
mine lasted about num_num weeks of weekend use .
i am afraid that my expectations for this device were too high .
the features are awful ,  the touch screen finicky .  .  . it s basically a toy phone meant to  look  like a fancier one .
when i first saw how cheap it was ,  i almost sent it back .
i see now from reading negative reviews that many others have experienced the very same problem .
i don t use it anymore ,  and i wouldn t recommend it to anyone else .
according to the mcdavid website ,  i should have ordered a large .
this happened only the second time i used this blender .
but figured you d be more likely to see a one star review .
i ordered these from amazon and not another seller .
this ugly ,  calorie laden and fat enhanced glob is resting comfortably in my garbage can .
the previous one i purchased was nowhere near this good .
i m sure the protection is fantastic but it is just too much for my needs .
i ve never had to return anything on amazon before .
but like i said ,  mine is num_extend and newer version may not have this problem .
i was so shocked when i saw the box and the car inside .
pros :  inexpensive .  .  . cons :  poor quality attachments ,  small size ,  noisythis mustache trimmer is disappointing .
though the color was pretty ,  i don t know if it was worth the mess and time .
this makes things worse because an unsecured cord will easily pull the ear buds out of the ear .
and then it finally just failed completely ,  and i haven t had it much longer than a year .
it sounds good on paper but it didn t work for me .
i would not recommend if someone wants a quiet fan .
friction does not hold on an attachment when you are moving it back and forth to clean .
i bought these hoping they would be the equivalent of iphone headphones .
the case is big ,  bulky ,  kinda flimsy ,  and the rifles are only kinda secure inside .
i ran it in warm water thinking it may have gotten gummed up but to no avail .
the case is plastic ,  and not particularly good plastic at that .
i was looking for something easy that my num_num year old could do that wasn t too complicated .
but even medium size was big enough ,  and i couldn t find a  small  size in the walmart store .
you have to do it at least num_num minutes before or after a meal .
i m just not loving this case at all .
i ended up throwing it in the trash after awhile and purchasing a ninja blender .
regardless ,  it was the same brand but tasted different .
i had an older model and hated it ,  too .
for being as expensive as it is i was looking forward to using the product .
my original battery in the unit when i bought the car last num_num years .
it works for charging but the data feature is flawed .
no second charger where you can take it with you when travel ,  and no user replaceable battery .
this is the product i ordered but not what i got .
i own this headset and the sound quality is very poor .
perhaps i should stick to the $ units that last for years .
my opinion is no bueno ,  the taste was not really as fruity as you would think .
i m looking for a new dvd player again ! ` .
the light is so dim ,  it s not even really a flashlight .
now back to my initial review . i placed a num_num btu ceramic heater on this device to see actual usage .
i also have num_extend no sound !  i have never had a pair of headphones to go out completely .
the size does seem off too like it is more of a num_extend in diameter .
also ,  the volume buttons and the silent button are difficult to use .
there is no padding inside and the depth is kind of shallow if you have a taller smartphone .
these blades are horribly dull compared to the same brand of blades you may purchase from a reputable retailer .
or ,  you know ,  create a screen protector that could handle a slight bump without creating a permanent air bubble .
the problem with this product is ,   .  . if you should misplace the charger or in some way damage it .
well for one it just quit working after a few months .
not a month later a piece had come off the new one .
i purchased this because i had an otterbox on my last phone .
it will not function properly ,  i have to take off case just to charge phone .
but since i had never tried it before ,  i decided to splurge .
it sells at a premium ,  no thanks sony .
i only gave it num_num stars because it didn t work out for what i originally thought it was for .
otherwise ,  a light touch does not register on the iphone due to this slight gap .
i don t think i will be using this much .
if i had paid $ i would ve just figured i got what i paid for .
if you re accustomed to various electronic noise produced by small cheap devices that hum ,  eeeee ,  or tick ,  etc .
also want to say that i have  fixed  my replacement lifter multiple times since purchasing it .
the color was a little off for me .
they can keep there money . i bought this stuff and did the num_num minutes on num_num minutes off .
having bought this early in num_extend the battery already won t hold a charge .
even the more expensive items are cheaply made .  .  . with your extra money going towards the brand alone .
i had switched to this food due to the possibility of another food intolerance in one of my cats .
this time i got what i paid for ,  extremely cheap quality screen protectors .
num_num out of num_num mysteriously stopped working at almost the same exact time .
and most of the ones i saw were not  amazon verified purchase  .
i wanted to like this product based on some of the reviews but i just can t .
i bought this as a surprise for my kids and it just did not work .
they are higher in calories than i would like ,  coming in at num_num per bag .
this is way too thick and big for a regular kitchen oven for bread baking .
not as good as i was made to believe .
i decided to try it again ,  but had the same results .
the num_num new globes came defective and all needed replacement batteries .
so i guess this antenna is better than nothing .
i was actually concerned that my phone would be damaged .
it does work against bad bo  body odor  ,  but ,  that is about all .
the graphics look terrible and the lighting effects are worse .
i bought two of these thinking i would send one to my mom .
the charger does not work unless you hold the cord .
i used new batteries ,  charged it well and it worked for about num_num minutes and then it stopped working .
it ll still take num_num mins or so to dry completely and not have smudges .
but as it is ,  i m just glad i bought a used copy .
i was very disappointed because this product is somewhat costly and now i m stuck throwing over half away .
we ve only had it for about num_num months so i m hoping it ll last several years the same .
i ordered a pair of num_num x num_extend and will see how they work out .
i like the stylus that came with it so the purchase wasn t a complete loss .
just lowered my pocket book by $ and change because i bought num_num bottles based on purple s rep .
i was so excited when i got these headphones  no more cords !  !  !  !  !   .
i bought two of these ,  one worked and the other never worked at all .
i put a new battery and it would not work .
if you like this don t waste your money on expensive or quality ,  you won t know the difference .
but it took me the longest time to figure this thing out .
this would be a great screen protector .  .  . but they forgot the cutout for the sensors .
and if you put something that is rubber there ,  it will ruin that .
there is a reason this item is cheap .
i ordered num_num of those after revieiwing the comments from others hoping them would work for my phone too .
but just because it fits does not mean it is easy to put in .
spend a little more and get something better .
if you use these don t make a full pot !  .
i coudl get the same crap at walmart for $ bucks .
it wasn t bad .  .  . except for that chemical aftertaste again .
i am heartbroken !  if it was working it would happily have gotten four or five stars .
they are made in china so what i bought maybe counterfeit or they just aren t making good quality anymore .
i purchased this product because it claimed to support the hp psc num_extend
the coffee that came out of this maker was a joke .
i ve never had the dirty performance issues with the logitech product .
i would not totally recommend ,  but ty anyway .
it may have been better if it were a backdrop flavor in an actual tea .
right off the bat ,  as others have noted ,  this is definitely cheaply made item .
i would think these could last for at least num_num year or so ,  but guess not .
the package says teriyaki ,  but i got barely a hint of that flavor .
alas ,  as i already know ,  you get what you pay for .
i returned it the same day it arrived .
will it ever work ?  who knows ,  but i m not holding my breath .
it is really uncomfortable on me ,  not to say it wouldn t work for some people .
overall i would not recommend it and it is expensive .
made me itch when it was supposed to be allergy free .
after a few months i began having problems getting a charger to stay plugged into my phone .
the last thing is not technically a concern ,  but an aggravation .
this ,  being made of thin ,  light plastic would survive any household fall .
if you don t have it plugged in all the way and keep it still ,  you ll loose the connection .
i ordered the smallest size and it still too large .
i like the case but the other things in the kit just weren t what i had expected .
so ,  i d advise trying them on somewhere before buying ,  especially if you re buying for someone with a smaller head .
the product is expensive and that feature made me dislike it even more .
i don t use the gps all the time but when i do ,  i need it to work .
the plastic is very cheap ,  and the hose look like it d break very quickly .
sometimes it lasts num_num minutes ,  sometimes you might get num_num minutes of use out of it .
between poor sound quality and poor comfort these left a lot to be desired .
we don t need to poison our pets for our convenience .
i purchased this battery as a backup to my htc mytouch num_extend
with this product ,  you get quantity ,  not quality . these screen protectors are thin and prone to scratching .
after borrowing my brothers ,  i decided to buy my own jerky gun .
not very powerful connection even when it worked ,  but that could have been from the antenna .
i want to make this review rather short .
it is not a lowepro and price is not too . then noticed the worst thing .
note :  i was down to % and charged it while the phone was still powered on .
it s still pretty bad . in brief ,  other than the aesthetics ,  there was no aspect of these headphones that i liked .
i now realize that just because a product gets good reviews it can be completely wrong for me .
this one feels a little weird and honestly i don t suggest it .
i purchased this phone because htc resolved the random reboot issue that a lot of android phones have .
the case is at a cheap price for a reason .
first time i got it ,  it was not working .
i ve dealt with similar cables and this brand previously ,  and sadly its just a cheap cable .
it does not seem to penetrate the little rust remaining as other products .
these lids are made more cheaply than the nice set i got at the dollar store .
i usually rave about kitchenaid products ,  but this one has been problematic from day one .
if you are a bumper type person this will work for you ,  so i gave it away .
well num_num out of the num_num are possessed .
i like the idea and was bummed it didn t work .
i had it for awhile but rarely used it .
i wanted sooo badly to like this toy .
i was hoping for a healthier version of the stuff i like .
the most cheap feeling stereo i have ever purchased .
also it came cracked and i had to return it .
i am particularly prone to pollen allergies ,  and grass allergies . about now brand : it is num_num mg per pill .
i ordered this screen for my phone because mine was badly cracked .
the battery life is terrible even with minimal use and it seems to have slowed down a lot .
so ,  i m a bit stout but don t have really big breasts .
i like the convenience of it being ready to serve but i must admit ,  it has very little flavor .
wanted to connect the laptop to a hdtv .
unless you only touch your screen through a soft cloth i wouldn t recommend these .
i have it for my iphone num_num and thought i should get it for my iphone num_extend
and fyi i dont often leave bad reviews or  hate  products .
and do not screw it too tight or you will never get it apart again ,  esp .
indoor pictures ,  even with lights on ,  are very grainy .
for the same money ,  you ll be able to find a better product .
i typically wear an num_extend but they don t come in half sizes  .
it should have stated that it would not work if your phone is in a case .
it s strange because i didn t experience this problem on a tiffen uv filter i bought num_num years ago .
the phone arrived before the case ,  so it took a long time coming .
my husband has broken two in the last num_num months .
if you have an external modem ,  you can plug that into the smc for your connectivity .
even then ,  i d look for a better product in any price range .
after having used this product for months ,  i m not sure that i notice any difference .
i just got this ,  one of the nile spice black bean soups  dry mix  ,  and the lime dr .
unfortunately i didn t read reviews on it until recently ,  after we had already purchased it .
i had to reset or power cycle the router to get it running .
protection; definitely ,  but it is not a snug fit .
the claim was that with windows num_extend the browsing was better than the iphone .
i end up living tethered to chargers .  .  . at home ,  in the car ,  etc .
while it does fit ,  it is impossible to expect any good results from using it .
i bought a num_num foot outside extension cord to power yard equipment ,  and stored it on this bayco reel .
just attempted to install amfilm premium screen protector film for iphone num_extend on two of my phones .
i should have read more reviews before ordering it because i see now a few people complaining about that .
ran big .  .  .  . lee jeans are good ,  but sadly ,  just not for me .
this popper produces the most dry popcorn i have ever eaten .
i bought some on amazon ,  and it was the same .
i am glad i did not mess up my iphone .
the screen stayed on while making calls regardless of distance . yes ,  i ve tried it on more than num_num phones .
now i can easily pop it back together but its not stable .
these really are smaller then you think ,  like a seed bead to be exact .
it s nowhere near as pigmented as i expected ,  especially for a loreal hip product .
not much i really like about it other than it s a num_num cup thermal brewer .
i was expecting a better tasting drink for something that claims to be % juice .
it turns too fast and is really loud .
i purchased this for my iphone num_extend and the charger plug was slightly crooked when i received it .
if it were possible i would give num_num stars .
do not buy this charger unless it is a gift and you need to keep yourself from looking cheap .
i purchased this unit specifically because it s not supposed to overcharge a car battery .
the good reviews written about this and other calphalon cookware pieces from this line are dated .
i ll be buying a more expensive one to replace it .
plus ,  the eggplants are not fried that well .
i was falling out of the num_extend i ordered .
i was really hopeful but i will try another brand .
otherwise it s about as good as a low quality surveillance cam .
i had purchased this case to fully protect my iphone if i ever drop it .
i m going to go with a different brand next time .
i purchased num_num of these and none of them really charges my phone num_extend
if i could give this num_num stars i would .
granted ,  it s a higher quality product ,  but a price increase of % is ridiculous .
it was too large and cumbersome for my small hands to manipulate .
i bought these glasses and there was a small scratch on the lens when they arrived .
i bought this milk for my kids at another store for way cheaper .
the red light on the heater indicates when the heater is turned on .
my phone locks and i have to remove the battery to reboot it .
i figured it was a fluke so i ordered another .
the packaging seemed okay upon arrival ,  and buzz himself wasn t in perfect condition .
this product was a lot harder than i thought it would be when purchased .
hard to use because it keeps falling out of your ear .
the rubber streched out easily ,  the hard case scratched easily .
sometimes it works then dies after a few minutes ,  even with a full charge .
warning .  .  . if you see a price drop below $ don t buy .  .  . it s probably not the product that s described here .
i thought i would receive a product that was of better quality .
i have had this mill for over a year .
unfortunately ,  this is not the first time that i received a bad item from amazon .
i bought num_num boxes for christmas presents num_extend and decided to keep one .
i bought this based on the great reviews ,  but none of my num_num cats went for it .
i use half and half and one spoon of sugar in my coffee .
the item doesn t work ,  tried it in num_num different cars and with num_num different devices .
what i got was a cheap case in a plastic baggie .
we only thing that i can see these gloves being used for is possibly with focus mitts .
my sister had to cut it with a knife .
these were nice size wisbut found them to be not the color they appeared to be .
plain noodles are ok ,  they re completely dry ,  but this product was seasoned .
i paid almost num_extend for this piece of junk .
i paid $ for num_extend more then enough .
this looked similar but it is not like the one i purchased a few years ago .
i guess i just wont be using it .
for many jobs you are confined to the small num_num cup bowl .
i think there are other case out there that are better .
under the manufacturer s warranty ,  all the internal components  unit ,  pc board ,  lamp ,  cable  were replaced .
and connected it my phone and it didn t work after that .
i gave this watch a num_num after owning it for almost num_num years .
it does not taste bad ,  but it is not good .
i am num_num years old and picked it up for the benefits ,  it was around $ something at walmart .
of course ,  you could just carry a flashlight with you . because of this flaw ,  i rarely wear the watch .
i really don t know why it has such good reviews on here .
too bad ,  i had been hoping for better with the rave reviews .
frankly the original was not good either but much better than this .
it s only been about num_num weeks ,  but i haven t noticed any effect to my skin .
even on a cookie sheet ,  most of the batter leaked out and burnt ,  which was terrible to clean .
when my emergency supply of coffee ran out i tried to use it .
i have ordered bags before that were the bags on board brand ,  and they have been fine .
the unit works ok but the battery life goes down the drain in only a few days .
this turns everything to babyfood !  it does not chop ,  it purees .
i ve given this product a couple of tries but have yet to see any results .
i bought these for the sheer price ,  but i really regret it .
i m surprised amazon is selling this low quality item .
it does work but i would not count on any accuracy from this .
it does not smell like straight alcohol mixed with a filler scent .
i said  screw it  and bought the more expensive seidio . much better !  i guess you get what you pay for .
i cant believe it is listed for this price with how messed up it came !  not worth $
it came in a tatty box ,  has a cheap connection cable  sure i can buy a cheap one .
just today received a case num_extend num_num oz .
then the next day i wanted to play with it again .
i had a number of problems with this device .
i think there are better options out there .
i have never had a reaction to any product like this before .
you cannot operate it in your pocket or in darkness without backlight ,  which was easy with the old ipod .
i haven t used them more than num_num times .
i believed i was ordering a three pack .
no case only a thin cover that snaps on .
save yourself the time ,  and spend more money on a better one from the start .
we also have laminated wood floors and carpet and honestly ,  it does not roll smoothly on either .
so num_num out of num_num for our family approves .
the handle is nice ,  but if the palette is so bendy ,  then the handle is of no assistance .
you ll eventually settle for something less than perfect ,  because perfect is not possible with these headphones .
maybe ok for the occasional user ,  as it requires serious cleaning of the spout and counter after each use .
it does not heat in a even manner .
i only use it occasionally ,  boiling water to clean my cast iron skillet ,  etc .
it came to me broken and in a damaged plastic case .
there really was nothing impressive about the product .
i was glad when i ran out of this and i will not purchase it again .
i like a lot of roc s other products ,  but not really this one .
i have ordered num_num of these in the past .  .  . the second one is in my living room as i type .
my dog chewed it up pretty quickly ,  leaving little plastic pieces around ,  and i took it away .
the front part is made of plastic  its all plastic  and it comes off .  .  . easily  no glue  .
we recently visited them and i saw first hand what poor quality this toaster was .
however ,  the sides of the pillow are more stiff than i thought they would be .
and it tastes like there is a salt shaker full of salt in each can too .
it s not quite the same as the artificial sweetener aftertaste of diet soda ,  but it s in the same ballpark .
for its size and weight ,  i expected much more .
the only plus side was it had a nice citrus scent .
saw the amazing reviews ,  but when i received it they had a very strong toxic smell .
maybe soon they ll all be broken and i ll be searching for a new set .
this humidifier is loud; there s no way to sleep in the same room when this thing is running .
it is more frustrating than it is worth .
i am only num_num lbs ,  so it isn t a weight issue .
and ,  the oz s  ain t no num_extend it is less then that .
it looks and feels like a much inferior product .
it no longer works the same way when it comes to using the metal s blade .
the claims for this battery are that it will give you num_num hours of play time .
.  .  .   i do not suggest paying full price for it at all .
i am going to shop for a better product that is made here in the us .
these are comfortable but the sound is awful .
i was replacing another petsafe door with this one .
i was so excited to get this in the mail and felt like so disappointed afterwards .
on my first knife the assisted opening spring was broken .
kind of cheap ,  but you get what you pay for .
what i mean by that is that when your on the phone ,  the other party hears an echo .
i don t have apple devices ,  so this charger is only half useful to me .
in fact ,  almost anything for $ would be better .
i have tried num_num of these cases on cell phones .
if i want a more natural product ,  i am going to do some more thorough research next time out .
pros :  very little goes a long way ,  so apply sparingly .
i should have paid more attention to the other reviews .
maybe i was not trained in knowing what i was buying ,  expected it to be much larger .
the color was the only nice thing about it .
i use it in the morning and if anything ,  my eyes seem more swollen .
i mounted these on the bumper of my ford num_extend
it was bulky ,  stiff ,  and fit way too large .
we owned a similar pair of headphones num_extend years ago  and they recently went bad .
if you spend the money on an iphone ,  you don t want to dress it down in this cover .
i don t think they will last long and they are not what i expected .
charger weighs about num_num ounces which is mostly plastic with a tiny little cable .
if you buy bulk goods ,  you re better off with food grade plastic buckets and nitrogen . now ,  for the bags .
o well ,  not expensive but would not purchase again .
i saw the reviews and figured it was a can t miss game .
first off i m not trashing this quality wise .
i didn t have much luck with this product .
my son really wanted a power rangers sword for christmas .
in these areas it completely covers your skin with a thick unnatural looking coating .
you re supposed to be careful and not dropping it once and it s over .
i have the litterbox in a bathroom that adjoins my bedroom .
also ,  most of the noise reduction comes from the ear buds blocking noise rather than the technology .
the coffee seems to burn slightly as it goes down ,  and tastes overly sweet even without any extra sweetener .
i ordered this for my num_num month and num_num year old daughters .
it doesn t make sense to buy a $ coffee maker and drink trashy coffee .
i won t buy another unless there is some kind of warranty .
i ve had this item for almost num_num months .
this coffeemaker should have never made it to the marketplace . if you want a basic coffeemaker ,  get a mr .
also ,  the crackers were pretty tasty; reminded me of a healthier version of ritz crackers . now ,  the bad .
i didn t bother to send it back as it is cheap ,  but right now it does nothing for me .
i saw all the awesome reviews i was really excited to go out and try this product .
heard a lot of great things about this product unfortunately my body disagreed with this stuff .
first time i tried it it said accessory not optimized for iphone .
i asked for this for christmas num_num to replace my original one .
i read all the installation instructions available and watched videos on youtube .
i used it for a few weeks with no good luck .
depending on the application running in the background ,  it may simply crash . m  the phone doesn t support real num_extend speeds .
off i go to put in another num_num dollars for a battery .
thinking i would have the convenience of an extra charger this only charged on battery and never worked agian .
as it is i m looking at it with the viewpoint  what now ?   a friend gave it to me used .
for the price though it wasnt worth the hassel .
but to my surprise ,  the soundquality is horrible ,  this is definitely not a $ headphone .
it is difficult to uncoil it or to stretch it out .
shouldve bought a different one ,  too loose and was really ugly when placed in my phone .
i give this pair of ear buds num_extend out num_num stars .
if i had it in another room i would use it .
i do not have a problem with the seller .
i couldn`t get this one to work the way i wanted it to .
this item was overpriced and not a quality product .
these screen protectors don t even stick to the phone .
they sent me num_num num_extend cent coupons for my next purchase  !   .
ok ,  only giving this product num_num stars becuase you can t get rid of it .
it came with a hole in the finger .
it looks and acts no differently than the case it was replacing ,  except it cost num_extend as much .
update . march num_extend num_extend gave this product a fair chance . i don t like it .
they will send me a  refurbed  replacement as my only recourse .
the retention on this holster is very tight and the belt loops are flimsy .
i have owned this oven for about num_num years .
i m going to return for a different brand .
the high price is not commensurate with its ability .
like most asian electronics ,  it has too many features .
it is way too big and wastes a lot of line .
when christmas comes back around ,  im going to give this stuff to my sister .
also ,  the description extolled its flat top that could be purportedly used to store more stuff on top .
the quality seems not different from much cheaper downy brand .
i should have read the reviews a little closer and realized that this not a new battery .
without exception ,  using a full charge to start ,  each unit would last about an hour .
i might end up changing how i rate this product .
this screen was also much more difficult to apply to my phone than other screen protectors i ve used .
as a bluetooth headset ,  by definition ,  these are designed to be used  on the road  .
sennheiser s other rs headphones may be great but this one definitely is not .
i ve gone back to using my trusty old num_num cup espresso maker .
with an end table full of remotes and kids visiting now and then ,  it s just too easy to activate .
is sent it back for a refund with no problem .
i was unimpressed by how thin it was .
the voice recognition allows a call to be answered or ignored without touching a button on the headset .
num_num of num_num but really is a num_num of num_extend
didn t realize how short the thing really was .
i am almost always a medium to large in outerwear ,  but this was far too big .
i thought it would taste somewhat like other chef boyardee spaghetti products but i was wrong .
wishful thinking on my part to think i d get the battery that would not be like the bad reviews .
it takes no skill and is over in num_num seconds .
i was expecting many more years of use .
we have never had any problems with any other programs we have installed on this system .
i thought this was going to be a great product ,  i was wrong .
i do not think that it is working .
i d rather spend half the amount and get a proper ,  working bt headset .
this product is as close to useless as it can get .
i put it on my phone with no problems .
the problem was that the switches wore out in a few months . at first i liked it .
then i waited about num_num weeks later to try it again and the same thing happened .
this was a great idea but the problem is it doesnt do the job .
this item does not work well with a mytouch cell phone .
save your money and get something else ,  trust me .
i really don t remember why i ordered this and was surprised when it arrived in the package .
i hope i can sell it very soon . don t waste your money .
this item is not worth the plastic it s made from .
which i returned to amazon the other one is in so .
i ordered down a size just to make sure it held it all in ,  but nope .
this was a very pricey item that was a poor fit .
you can do the same thing by attaching an audio cable and charging cable to the iphone .
it did the job while it worked ,  but battery fails to make contact and you can not fix it .
my nails are not very strong so i bought this product to try .
the original batteries lasted almost num_num years before being reduced to about a num_num minute charge .
ran out of the other brand and started using these again .
the power cord is about num_extend long ,  as is the air tube .
the second one i purchased was a piece of crap .
it should be the correct size ,  but it isn t and the zipper is very cheap .
it s essentially a num_extend wok that has a num_extend cooking surface .
it is crumbs that get all over everything .
ordered my case num_num days ago .  . it should have arrived yesterday .
this is another case of you get what you pay for .
there was no indication of any moisture in the packaging ,  so it didn t leak .
i don t know if i would recommend it to someone else .
also ,  it was smaller than i thought and i was afraid it wouldn t hold all of my dishes .
if you are a true audiophile ,  i would recommend looking elsewhere .
it was my choice to take a chance on cheap junk .
after num_extend years of owning a cuisinart ,  i switched to this food processor because of concerns over cuisinart quality .
cannot emphasize it enough . better craftsmanship and engineering should have been explored for this product .
i had fun using this but it was too much work .
if you have a need to drink a low acid coffee do this .
that being said ,  it was only $ so what did i expect  :   .
it was not an easy task putting this on a sore hand with one well working hand .
too bad this product doesn t work ,  it s a neat concept !  .
also ,  after the pour ,  i realized that the num_num ml it calls for isn t even a full cup .
it also stopped working altogether after a month or so .
i mean they work ,  they are okay ,  but that is it ,  i will never buy them again .
i tried this on my samsung tab num_num and my lg cellphone .
i keep using it since it s a little bit better than nothing .
there are better product in the market for less price .
having said that i m glad some people like it  .  . i just dont happen to be one of them .
it broke after num_num months of gentle use .
may be made of the safe material but is stiff .
in any event ,  to fix it ,  you must hit stop then play on the remote .
the wireless equipment works ,  then it doesn t work .
i ve been using this product for a few years ,  off and on .
i read the directions seveal times to make sure i didn t miss anything .
both were num_extend pound capable  and had vertical baking pans .
soak the container or rinse as soon as possible after using .
luckily i had purchased a charging dock but it means that this is not truly compatible ,  beware !  .
i wanted to use this in conjunction with a num_extend backup battery for a camping trip .
it was paired with my motorola droid maxx . none of the ear pieces are comfortable .
takes way too long to charge the battery .
because of my experience with this phone ,  i will not buy another motorola .
i am an old man and have never had any can opener simply stop working .
they are only a little over $ that is what i m planning on doing .
its downright shabby in terms of workmanship and quality of finish .
i don t use them very often ,  so i thought they would last a long time .
it looks good ,  feels heavy but does a terrible job of blending .
this is the biggest piece of junk i have ever used .
i wish we had a different brand of toy phone ,  though !  .
i did give num_num stars because this dryer would probably be fine for a large dog .
but this is not the one to buy .
this means that it can not auto connect to your bluetooth phone when your in the car .
if you were to drop your phone i don t see how this thing would protect it all .
and you can buy bottled water way cheaper than this .
this was the most disappointing so far . the packaging : the box was large for what was included but served the purpose .
i wouldn t recommend this product because of the little to no results  none for me  verses the price .
if you see it for cheap maybe buy it ,  but dont expect anything great .
i had a braun for two years and the battery died on me .
can t return ,  i purchased at linens n things closeout for just a fraction of retail .
it was cracked when i got it ,  and broke the first time i used it .
granted that isn t what it was designed for .
if you re really poor and must have something pre workout this would be a decent option .
i used this product for about num_num months before it suddenly stopped working .
sorry ,  but i don t think i ll buy this item .
believe it or not ,  many knives i looked at had blades just a little too short .
it was advertised as a desktop charging stand for the headset .
overall ,  if you like the taste ,  it s probably better than eating a sugary cereal; however ,  i wouldn t buy it .
motto is you get what you pay for and this isn t even worth it s current $ price .
the phone is yet to fall out or become dislodged since installation .
i got this for my num_num g razr phone and it would not charge in my car .
didn need this item ,  after returning the phone i was going to use this for .
if it doesn t arrive broken ,  like mine did .
i ve been using it for about num_num months .
i will be looking elsewhere for bluetooth headsets . gotta have one that stays connected .
i m only glad i got it on sale at amazon for $ otherwise i would not be happy .
i sent it back and got a refund from amazon .
my reaction is that i no longer go to amazon first for my purchases .
ds wanted it for christmas last year so i ran out to get it christmas eve .
i had ordered ,  what i thought ,  was the same product as before .
i recently bought from amazon and i didn t like them .
however ,  they are much smaller than i anticipated .
the turn handle doesn t move because it it too smooth .
if this were not the most expensive manodlne i have seen ,  all this would be laughable .
well .  .  . it s too flimsy and difficult to level out to make it worth using .
seems pretty cheap .  .  . only goes up to num_extend tell you what i got instead .
i used it one day ,  to make applesauce and tomato sauce ,  before it broke .
i ve tried this on all three of my dogs .
yes ,  its very very cheap ,  so i thought what the hell ill just buy it .
i put this on my type num_num sks and the fit was extremely tight .
i bought this based on positive reviews and now it seems i have purchased an expensive piece of junk .
i think are they are a little harder and the spikes are pretty  rough  .
i ve had this model for num_num years ,  and it s been ok .
it was cheap thanks to amazon so not a big loss .
i can t get over the taste or smell .
the original battery that came with the camera used to give me at least double that amount .
that would be useful .  there s also a silly  cancel  button which just pops the toast .
i tried these glasses as a back up pair for my oakley s .
why does it have ridges ,  seems it would be better if that lid was smooth .
i think the product description is incomplete and misleading .
i dont recommend this for anyone that needs sound from their phone when its being charged .
the blade can fly from side to side ,  and the syma cannot .
i ve had them on for about a month or two now and no punctures .
i should have save up to buy a vitamix instead .
the plastic is cheap ,  and got deshaped in the dishwasher .
cheap junk as is the case with most items made in china .
it works ,  most of the time ,  but it s terribly annoying .
i thought about ordering the next size but the length would probably be too long .
however ,  i m sure most people wouldn t buy this product just because they think it tastes good .
i ignored the bad ratings of other reviewers because i believed the positive reviews .
i was going to give it to my kid as a backup phone .
this is the second rival product that died on me after a couple of uses .
tried to plug in a phone and an ipad and it wouldn t charge both .
we ll see what type of response i get . update :  ended up getting a warranty replacement .
it has a lot of features but really most of them are not functional .
it is very difficult to see even with the lights on .
i took a flier on this after reading the reviews .
the construction and fabric are less than what i was looking for .
but run once through the wash ,  and they take on a ratty appearance with considerable pilling .
used it once ,  and it now sits in a storage case as a spare .
i ve had to replace numerous parts that have gone out on it .
i have taken this product for num_num weeks and have not seen a difference .
it s just not worth the current price ,  and it has too many flaws to use for serious athletes .
you can get better quality items ,  here on amazon ,  for a third of the price .
i need to replace this one and i realized what i waste this was .
the second problem i had was that the sound quality from this thing is awful .
the ear piece won t stay in my ear .
the product didn t do what we hoped it would .
i love amazon ,  but they really failed me in this instance .
the design is good in theory ,  but this device was horribly constructed .
sorry to say that this headset is a serious disappointment .
it s more of a flashlight than a lamp .
dentek stuff is widely available  walmart ,  walgreens ,  etc  it shouldn t be .
this item was something i was anxious to get .
i can t understand how they are still selling this .
i drank before bed just like the box said ,  let it sit in boiling water for num_num minutes .
no matter what i do with my num_extend player s settings ,  i cannot get these earphones to sound right .
it was past the refund date and sold by amazon .
it doesn t deal with the  dead  sound you get when the speaker has insulation all around it .
when ordering i would suggest you consider a size smaller than what you generally wear .
first time i used it ,  i put water in and turned it upside down .
this is cheap ,  while also managing to be expensive .
quality heavy cast iron but doesn t work like an electric press .
i also found it too heavy to use easily .
i used it to thaw and bake four frozen croissants on the crisper pan .
i use two utilities to check the temps so get a reletive reading if not exact .
i returned the first one i bought thinking it was just defective .
vatika coconut oil just sort of sits on my hair .
despite ordering up a size ,  these just didn t fit .
there is loading time ,  but it s not annoyingly slow .
i m noticing as i get older that i have more arthritis pain and the msm does not help .
the little flashlight does work on it ,  but a flashlight is not what i bargained for .
it s not undrinkable ,  but it has a very harsh ,  medicinal taste .
when i contacted amazon they said they would send out one with a handle by num_num day shipping .
i expected them to be the same quality as my old  goody  rollers .
i have a coccyx problem that makes it uncomfortable to sit on anything that puts pressure on the coccyx .
i ve been through a lot of headphones and these were unremarkable .
i have an extended battery and cannot find a single external charger for it .
so if you have num_extend memory then num_extend goes to each .
if i was really thirsty ,  i d chug some of this .
does not grind the coffee as finely as needed .
i cannot seem to get a can to go on this thing without a struggle .
desperation led me to try this food although i wasn t crazy about the brewers dried yeast or potatoes .
if it was not broken i would like it .
i was not impressed with the quality of it for the amount i paid for it .
i like how it has no flaps at top ,  covering the zipper . all in all ,  its a num_extend dollar  bag .
seems very cheaply made and therefore it was promptly returned .
that s what i was doing prior to purchasing this thermometer .
i guess i cant expect much for such a cheap price .
the wood base seems to be made of a wood that absorbes things .
trying to find a more affordable alternative to proactiv  still looking  ,  i purchased this set once .
so ,  when you re done ,  you have to find a container for each dough color .
don t waste your money even though its only a dollar  plus $ for shipping  .
first ,  it is hard plastic and i m not crazy about that .
it s too rubberly and so easy to be taken off and it looks cheap .
charged it up ,  but quickly found out it doesn t have a standard usb charge port .
also uses aa instead of aa batteries ,  so it should last longer .
i had to go buy an additional cable  ipod to firewire  in order to get my ipod working .
it was also much too small even though i ordered according to the size chart .
i received a cheap version of the knife .
i had one of the original grills that looked like a  toilet seat  .
for me ,  this product is a no ,  no .  :   .
it may be a fluke ,  but that was my experience .
as pretty as it looks in the picture ,  it really isn t as sturdy as it should be .
it wasn t the worst soap i ve tried ,  but it s low on the list .
it is a misleading product title and misleading  savings  claim .
they were too large ,  even though i ordered the size that i normally wear .
also ,  the white one isn t white it s a translucent type .
i have been using them for num_extend years and have never seen one fail .
i haven t got the wireless part to work .
i dropped my phone in this case after it slipped right out of my pocket .
uninformed ,  i bought this when i couldn t find either terk i wanted .
spend a little more money and get a better set .
this was the second time i ordered this .
i got a plug adapter for international use ,  but nothing to power the unit .
i gouged my expensive iphone trying to remove this piece of garbage case .
while the sound quality is awesome ,  the limitation of not using these outside is just plain dumb .
i was sadly disappointed when it arrived and it was not what i thought it was .
i ve decided to replace mine with cheaper ones .
the only reason i have it is because when i bought a spyro game it was free .
difficult to get in and out of pocket .
i have really sensitive skin ,  and this was really harsh on my face .
there is probably something better quality out there .
this food is primarily corn :  ground corn and corn meal .
i very seldom write a bad review as i always read the reviews before i buy anything .
the usb charger interface was very famous in num_num and early num_extend
i came to this from a french press ,  and a week later i was back on the french press .
the telephone dialer application is the application that gives you a dialpad so you can use the phone .
after another week ,  they were still there ,  so i decided to return it for a replacement .
the charger that came with the phone charged about num_extend as fast from the same dc outlet .
i followed one of youtube instruction on replacing the battery .
fixed with glue but it got really dirty when i dropped it .
this product ,  imo ,  does not taste very good .
i returned it as soon as i got back .
i was disappointed in the product packaging itself .
there are too much sugar and fat in them .
the  instruction pamphlet  shows the unit plugged in to the usb port of a laptop .
it is not even as big as your thumb so it makes it kind of difficult to use .
beautiful but ,  the color comes off in your hands not worth the money .
the one i purchased was sold by amazon and there is no place to contact seller for this item .
luckily amazon s return policy for defective products is % refund and return shipping .
so far i have had no problems with it in my num_num weeks of ownership .
it s not a bunch of uniform halves ,  as would look nice on fresh pizza or in an antipasto .
you ll be happier ,  it ll waste less ,  and it ll last longer .
the knife comes dull out of the box ,  and its chopping performance leaves much to be desired .
i lose calls in transit and while sitting still .
for the price ,  i d say perhaps a little over priced .
the noise factor isn t that great ,  it only made about num_num different noises .
therefore i am lowering my previous five star rating down to a one star rating .
when this set of blades dull i will replace the remington with a new norelco .
in the area where i commonly hold my phone ,  the color was almost completely gone .
maybe i might give it as a gift or try to resell it .
i have tried different recipes and different cook times ,  all with the same result .
what s more ,  i m not sure i will buy bluetooth headsets again .
the juicer is not sufficently weighted on the bottom so the whole thing shifts as you are using it .
calling out ,  no problem ,  it uses the earpiece just fine .
it s like it attracts dust out of the air .
covered most of the touch screen ,  it was hard to press the home keys for different functions .
it isn t it works okay if you aren t using a case but if you are don t even bother .
you can store any num_extend or picture and set them as wallpapers ,  notifications ,  or just ringtones .
because of this i had problems with this product .
hint :  if it was num_extend i d give it a num_extend
i would purchase another item from them ,  but not this one . just my two cents .
i thought it looked like a good idea ,  but it sure wasn t .
but what can i say ,  cheapo is cheapo .
it s not the one shown in picture and is smaller in size then samsung num_extend vibrant .
doing that produced audio over bluetooth ,  but something i was not going to live with .
i bought both the num_num and num_num pound versions and both do the same .
the ear pieces would not stay on the jawbone ,  and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear .
lt charges my phone but you can t use phone while its charging or it won t even charge .
if you re needing a charger ,  go ahead and fork out $ to buy a griffin brand .
the parts don t move ,  nor do i think they would as cheap as they are .
its not like new ,  it doesn t even work .
takes two hands to hold ,  machine vibrates and whines due to the cone whir ,  so steadiness isn t easy .
needed to pry it open and the case scratched my iphone .
you have to unscrew the thing then rotate it then screw it back on .
either way ,  the flavor ranges from bland to bitter .
not only does it not cover the entire screen ,  it scatches just as easily as the $ fosmon s .
it is also hard to take the case off of the phone .
the glass is very thick ,  but not quality .
the interior of the case will actually damage the phone if it is used .
my num_extend battery compartment has some plastic dividers that separate the two original batteries .
if i can only attached the pictures i ve taken i will .
this is not . i was hoping the same of this product from all the  glowing  reviews on here .
the arm that connects to the phone just isn t thick enough to handle the weight without a little give .
lastly ,  they are quite small as others warned although the size is clearly written in the description .
the sound was fine ,  but the product quality was unimpressive .
now it does not charge through the phone .
spend the extra money and get something nicer .
this thing is not fit for it s intended use .
i saw one in an office and really wished i had bought that instead .
it doesn t seem to hold much compared to how much room it takes up .
this does have an automatic volume regulator as if it gets really loud ,  the sound decreases for the caller .
i have used num_num or num_num concentrator cups so far .
i would naturally have some sort of expectation that the glass would be a tad more durable .
i bought this figuring i would have enough to lose and misplace .
they will go ahead and send you a replacement immediately .
a year later another hose started leaking and i got another replacement .
hence ,  the show recording feature is rendered num_extend
if i held the usb cable in place it would charge my phone .
it s just not usable for the purpose shown .
i have to take the phone out of its case to listen to music or charge it .
for this price this lens doesn t deliver much satisfaction .
it gets dirty awfully fast also due to the white color .
it doesn t supply a good amount of power to two devices .
i ordered this to use in park ,  remote country side ,  lakes ,  or anywhere i need to charge my iphone .
not good ,  to heavy and it did warp quickly .
they sort of work for awhile ,  but they aren t worth all that money .
i m truly baffled by the glowing reviews on here .
it s almost like my skin is on fire when i m in the bath .
i dont know if this is common with netgear products ,  but this one is not worth the price .
after about num_num years of use ,  the waffles started sticking .
i had to do a hard reset to restart it ,  and hotsync all the data .
this has worked for many and people have praised this but it just didn t work for me .
this should be a num_num piece set : all clad num_num piece stainless steel toolthat s my only complaint about this product .
i wish i had spent a little more for a sturdier one .
all of this happened within the first month of me having the food processor .
it seals when i got it but i see this thing leaking after use .
i ve had the case little over a month . obviously ,  i m not the only one with this issue .
the case feels flimsy and the fit is a little loose ,  especially around the left side buttons and top .
second ,  it is a pain to get off of your phone .
after all the grand reviews ,  i had really high hopes and expectations for these .
better look for a better product than this .
i had used a couple before to top off my flash light .
i will spend a few more dollars for a more sturdy machine .
you get what pay for with this item .
i bought a pair of sas shoes that do not taper .
of course ,  the prevail does all this too for quite a bit less money .
nba live is just teh same as it was num_num years ago .
i drank this stuff not knowing whether it had caffeine in it .
i purchased this device around num_num years ago for my num_num gallon freshwater aquarium .
they are still alive and in use but look like crap now .
also ,  the battery life isn t num_extend as described .
the product seem cheap and didnt seem like a quality product .
i m quicker at peeling garlic than at using this and then needing to clean it up .
after reading reviews ,  i was excited to get this food for my num_num year old cat .
at least brush num_num to num_num times a week .
unless your car just happens to have the power plug in the right place ,  forget it .
they were not what i expected because they were not like the sickerdoodle cookies that i have had before .
if your puppy seems to be interested in hard chew toys ,  purchase this item .
so ,  for now at least ,  i m sticking to just the tea and adding my own milk or cream .
get some sennheiser num_extend num_extend or num_extend instead .
this time ,  it didn t peel off ,  but it developed some huge bubbles that haven t disappeared .
i m really not understanding the good reviews on this product ,  it just doesn t make sense to me .
by all means ,  if you would like to waste your money .
these looked like they were damaged before and probably during the packaging .
there were better ways to utilize the touch screen in this game .
i don t expect it to last a year .
i bought this because it was cheap and small .
the noise is not the reason for the low review ,  it is simply awkward to use .
they were hard to find since amazon . com doesn t sell them .
i do not know if it would have worked better had i been able to plug it in .
it is not rugged and very thin material .
i am very disappointed i didn t realize sooner .
the blades are super small so it doesnt push much air .
it doesn t do anything wrong ,  but doesn t do anything right either .
i couldn t wait to get these to use as a snack and also to use in recipes .
they either have dark and ugly colors on or many different bright colors on .
awful product ,  won t hold charge ,  lasts less than original battery .
they slide open in the dishwasher ,  and filthy water gets in .
although they give you other earloops for changing out ,  that only works for the mono earbud .
it took about num_num weeks to get this product after placing order .
so the phones press my ears against the stems of my glasses ,  really making my ears hurt after awhile .
so i replaced the battery . the next time i tried it it was dead .
i haven t used it yet but the state of it kind of took the wind out of my sails .
i dont do well with headphones they irritate my ears .
i still have to use shea butter before applying this .
i had expected something by now but the results are mediocre at best .
go to sally and get better quality for the same price range .
so when i got back ,  on principal ,  i returned it .
plus ,  with this product ,  it s rather thin and doesn t feel like it really absorbs into the skin .
don t waste your money on this cheap item and go for the deluxe one that actually works .
this is a rushed out  though late  buggy product .
this case is worthless with my motorola num_extend headset .
on the positive side ,  it is not as big and heavy as some people claim .
thank goodness i only paid $ for it .
the connector to the phone is loose and it won t charge .
i have never purchased a worse one that this .
i purchased stainless steal martini glasses before from a manufacture called danesco and they were awesome .
i order this product ,  which btw was not exactly cheap .
i tried once then it was broken !  luckily ,  amazon gave me the full refund after i returned deficient product .
it never gets used and it takes up quite a bit of room in my kitchen drawer .
my sister mentioned she needed some headphones and being the nice brother i went to get my new num_extend
i bought this product because of the advertised  no clump brush  .
so ,  a for gravy ,  f for meat chunks .
only reason i didn t give it num_num star is because the brush end still works .
ok ,  my review is like the others ,  based on ,  i had the original and i wanted the same one .
so in total ,  i spent probably close to $ on this product for its poor quality .
as soon as i plugged it in i heard a  pop  .
cheap imitation of other products on sale here at amazon .
but ,  okay ,  lots of toys need batteries ,  etc .  ,  so i thought no big deal .
some products are good ,  some just okay ,  and some downright bad .
these headsets sound good but they are cheaply made and do not last .
my only problem is i bought a medium and i should have bought a extra small .
they don t have the integrity of amazon . i would buy from another vendor .
this product costs way too much for what it does .
someone offered this toy to my daughter about num_extend years ago .
it had a few scratches and it was faded .
i didn t see that until now ,  when i came back in to review this product .
not because of the quality of the item .
on speakerphone it sounds great ,  but with the normal phone it is not acceptable .
i have been using the num_extend for num_num months now .
also ,  the bulk of the holster and mag carrier attachements is excessive .
it only merrits num_num star and that would be soley based on it s price point .
pointless to have dual usb if you cannot charge all apple devices .
i wanted something that would let me listen to my music as well as my calls ,  this did not .
anyway ,  this is made unusually cheap for a braun product .
functionality is good ,  but quality or quality control is very poor .
even so ,  i didn t like the flavor of the coffee .
my connection speed  both ethernet and phoneline  dropped sharply and became slightly better than my old num_extend
it wasn t what i expected when i opened it .
for example ,  i have used netgear for less $ but better reception .
however ,  when i received the item ,  i noticed that it was twice the size as it was originally described .
posts on the internet say its a complex technical issue .
using cheap materials to save cost does have its own costs i guess .
it lasted about two months ,  and then the bulb died .
i think the overall product is so cheap that putting it together is harder than it needs to be .
the num_extend seemed to work ok when i tested it inside ,  albeit with a few skips here and there .
the plastic did not match my htc evo num_extend unit .
it does not clean excess polish very well because the hairs are too brittle .
if you re interested in a new bluetooth headset ,  i d suggest you go with one of theirs ,  instead .
this is low end walmart ware or even nearly dollar store quality stuff .
one serving is a brief squirt or teaspoon of mio .
though that s no big deal if you have a screen protector .
i gave the product away to a friend that has dogs .
num_num battery s and a charger for about $
it badly needs weight in the handle area as well .
too bad because the click noise is good .
i would not buy another one of these types of charger .
i returned this item because it is much smaller than i had anticipated .
i ll update my review if i discover a better way of applying it .
it globs up very quickly and i have only used it twice and it needed to be thrown out .
since basically you are buying the materials and instructions ,  i think the instructions should be much clearer .
because i didn t receive everything in my package that i was promised .
they would be okay for children or people under num_num pounds .
i bought this  leather  iphone num_num case before i received the iphone num_extend
you get what you pay for ,  it works but is made cheaply .
quality was ok ,  leather seemed a bit stiff .
i ll use these for a while ,  but won t buy more .
plain and simple the headset sounds tinny to me with too much treble and no mid range or bass .
my wife used this for a little less than a month before it came apart .
was not too easy to empty out water to replace with cooler fresh water .
i was duped by reviews ,  but in actuality doesn t work well .
it is disappointing the manufacture did not test its preducts completely . two stars for it does sound pretty loud .
it really does not heat up to temperature as claimed .
purchased this item to replace another window cat seat and the product is cheap .
my call would only go through my cell phone even though the zomm was on and paired .
not worth the extra money :  you re better off getting two regular batteries and keeping them charged .
in other words ,  this is doable but doesn t offer precision or durability .
i have been using this product for num_num weeks ,  and it s already starting to rust on the clamp .
i had to go out and buy a phone .
that s why i felt the quality was not good .
and this same case is like $ in the store .
the handle is low ,  so my knuckles keep hitting the cutting board .
was great while it lasted ,  unfortunately it started leaking after num_num months .
thinking it was just a fluke ,  i bought an identical one .
now i am going to have to buy a regular battery and spend more money . update on issue .
ok we used it a lot because i had it but it is so difficult to clean after using .
it s a bit hotter on the hands but not by much .
i just thought it looked like a cheap ,  cool toy that the kids would love .
i have only had this battery for a month and have never dropped it .
it feels cheap and a bit rigid ,  almost like plastic .
they are just sitting in my drawers now .
so i suppose i will be buying the red or blue .
inside the metal coating ,  the case and band were plastic .
the next problem is the instructions are not very clear and the photos are pretty poor .
i only bought this cord as a backup for when i am out .
the installation was fine ,  but removing it using a flathead screwdriver just takes way too much effort .
because of this ,  amazon refunded my product price and shipping .
the other little nooks and crannies make it difficult to clean .
it did not fit and i ordered my size .
we have the old version of this phone .
there s a better alternative in an iphone app ,  which is free .
i purchased this scooper because it was metal .
i don t think this will last very long .
the tag said num_extend i wear a num_extend so logic would argue it would fit .
the camera is blurry and doesn t reproduce colors well .
a very weak link in an otherwise good product .
this is too easy for any children to do more than a few times .
i have had this for about num_num weeks and already it has stopped working .
i made it low carb ,  even with almond flour ,  and sugar free .
might cost more but you save $ not having to keep buying cheap junkie screens like this one is .
i owned not one ,  but two of these things .
for $ i was expecting atleast num_num years or more out of this appliance .
i will update this review once i get it to work  or not  .
next ,  the volume doesn t get that loud for me .
hopefully the next one will be better . update :  second was same as first .
i tried num_num different chargers and my phone is brand new .  .  .  . this was a waste of money !  !  !  .
this is not a bad review on amazon or the sellers part .
i wish i had read the reviews on amazon before i spent countless hours with the linksys idiots .
it was hard to pump the water out right from the beginning ,  but then it just broke .
after reading so many positives about this iron ,  i tried it tonight for the very first time .
spend your money on the thing instead num_extend
but to my surprise only num_num came in the mail .
i wish i spent the extra money for a decent case .
this is a ridiculous price for this item  just like $ is rediculous for the num_extend hard drive  .
after all the great reviews ,  i couldn t wait .
it hasn t broken ,  but it is light and flimsy .
my regular size would have been too small .
it was downright sickeningly sweet to me ,  and not in a favorable kool aid type of way .
i literally tried this num_num times with it working less than num_num percent of the time .
i ve made num_num batches of alton brown s choc chip recipe on these since i bought them several weeks ago .
i bought this spatula specifically to use in nonstick pans to avoid marring the finish .
i tried the pot and had no problems using it although i must admit it did feel strange .
every time i cook on it meal has some  metallic  taste and smell .
i do not mind paying more for an item to be as advertised  lint free  .
these are more like a size num_num extra wide .
this doesn t seem to irritate but then it s barely does a thing .
i really wanted to like this ,  but i don t .
i was expecting a good color of red but it looks more magenta or maroon .
when i stopped using this product the majority of my issues were resolved .
doesn t even come close to my older and less expensive spinner .
delivery was fine but the product is junk .
now it s working again ,  but i am still unhappy about the quality .
the problem is that they are just too light duty for more than very occasional use .
the sound is not as good as the iphone headphones and not as loud .
with all the electronics we have in our lives today ,  we are overloaded with cords to charge them .
you can purchase silly putty much cheaper at walmart or other stores .
maybe i have abnormal ears ,  but i don t think so .
some times powering down all devices pain  and unplugging the power to the kvm will fix it ,  but not always .
my old one would last for num_num days before needing recharging .
the case barely shuts; you can drop it on the ground and the contents spill out .
next time i m buying a usb hub with its own power supply .
the coffee is rivaled by dollar store coffee instant crystals; it tastes cheap .
what s in the boxtraining num_extend golf teesconstructionthis is constructed of a hard plastic .
however it does not sit flat on my stove top .
i have a num_num mhz athlon with the latest num_extend and num_num mgs of ram .
well ,  it lasted maybe num_num months before my phone started randomly rebooting .
i probably should of ordered a more coarse one .
not sure if i would purchase if given the chance .
it will heat for a few seconds ,  then shut off .
i have tried other brands that are better and don t stink as bad .
not really any bad reviews on that one .
the mixer is heavy but heavy doesn t necessarily mean powerful ,  there are issues with this mixer .
i ve had better results with much cheaper products .
there are plenty of better ones on the market .
it s fragile ,  and i didn t want to break it .
but the real problem is the way the grinder is designed .
as for the material ,  it s light but cheap .
i know some people like this version but the style and quality s really not for me .
the product does not seem to hold up well .
invest a little more money in a better set .
i used them almost daily for about num_num months .
when it comes to taste ,  it was lacking .
it s mildly annoying on low and a whizzing gremlin on high .
it may have been a weak num_extend battery .
it is also really hard to take off .
this is exactly what i felt i was doing .
it is probably more suited for num_num or num_extend
i bought num_num of these to do double turning .
my biggest problem with this product is the fact that it broke within a few months of using it .
once again i got sucked in by positive reviews of a product .
it has a very small screen and is hard to read .
i think it may be to narrow to work properly .
the ipod mini s are quite stylish ,  but in person ,  the color plastic they use feels cheap .
jeans and pants hang on the pointy thing and make getting in and out of clothes a pain .
amazon in now no better than petsmart . everything i bought previously is now an average of % higher .
i washed it out and went back to my old product .
if i connect the monitor directly to the computer the issue goes away .
how can the original xbox s headset be so much better than this ?  do not buy this product .
for the money spent this should have heavy duty wheels .
i figured that the  expensive $ batteries may have failed and replaced them .
no wires to plug and unplug ,  no more having several chargers plugged in the wall outlet .
these just don t hold up like they used to .
oh yes ,  mine looks totally different than the one in the picture .
the product looks ,  smells and taste different than the locally bought product .
i can t believe i paid $ for this set .
so anyone looking for a permanent filter that you only need to vacuum clean once in awhile ,  look elsewhere .
it will ,  however ,  wear out num_num expensive batteries .
i then used it with an acer laptop i was using as a htpc .
the product really just dries out my hair ,  and i guess just cleans it .
well there is of course a reason why its so cheap .
these were not that tasty and had a weird texture .
trust me ,  if you are looking for wooden food ,  try another brand and see the difference .
i wish i still had my old knife that i donated .
the lighting is ok at night ,  worthless in the .
i bought that and i waited to came but it never did .
i have num_num of these and on the newer one the joints split after its first use .
that skillet has never been touched by anything other than wood or nylon utensils .
maybe ok if you drink your coffee black ,  but not all kenyan coffees are the same .
i am not impressed with this product and question the legitimacy of the num_num star reviews .
it was a cheap buy ,  but still not worth a penny .
the cord is very short so it didn t work well for me .
i m sorry i m an adult with bigger hands than a kid .
no battery should cost so much and be worthless after just a few months of recharging .
have you ever had a popcorn ball ?  it tastes like a less sweet version .
the lock mechanism is awkward ,  impossible to use with just one hand ,  and it doesn t always work .
meaning unfavorable light trasmission is affected on the underside .
i don t expect it to hold up very much longer .
this kept it from fitting in my belt holster . the case feels cheaply made .
there is not weight to the pieces so it just feels cheap .
maybe too much to expect fpor a couple bucks .
its an alright air pump for what they charged  ,  some $
it doesn t radiate heat the way i had hoped it would .
i ve been taking this product for about num_num days and i have not noticed any changes .
this is a plastic cover not even worth the plastic you paid to make it or put it together .
this is a mediocre product at best and would not recommend anyone buy it even at this price .
this is the second same bottle i bought thinking that the first one was defective .
nothing special ,  but i dont hate it so it gets num_num stars .
i ve taken all kinds of allergy meds and they don t help .
i have normal size feet and these were entirely too small .
heck ,  these headphones are so bad they make my zune s stock headphones seem like premium headphones .
fortunately ,  this doesn t seem to bother my son .
both of the adapters are molded plastic with the id num_extend
it is no larger than one aa battery .
too small ,  and appearance was not what i hoped for either .
all of the main menu videos should be viewable in the media room ,  where they re displayed full screen .
after that it is more drying than anything .
i also haven t seen much benefit from it ,  but i may not have used it long enough .
i only need the blade size num_num that came with the trimmer .
they were smaller than i expected though it does say num_num inches ,  that s mostly tail .
i bought this because i wanted a filter housing that would take standard num_extend replacement filters .
i have purchased items online for over num_num years .
there was no sign of external damage and it continued to work .
quite frankly this vacuum did not hold up well .
it is quite disappointing . there are better choices even at this price range .
a few weeks into owning the second one ,  it broke as well ,  in the same place .
like strong coffee but for me it s too bitter .
i was so hoping it work ,  but it did not .
first ,  it is not sharp enough ,  actually ,  this is an understatement .
the graphics had a significantly larger amount of time put into them num_extend
not sure then it would fit my body frame well anyways though .
for a minute i thought wow after using the sony the pebble can t compare . why ?  for starters it s touchscreen .
the pigment isn t as pow as the image makes it seem .
do not let the positive reviews fool you .
i am big chested ,  but these clearly run small .
i was afraid of breaking the new ipod .
i ordered the same size as always but these are way too large .
as soon as i unplug the usb cable going to computer ,  it starts charging .
it is not worth to spend $ for this cheap simple stand .
i wish i had returned the device when i first noticed the problem ,  but now its too late .
this is not all organic ,  it s not entirely paraben free ,  and it has a ton of fragrance in it .
i am not sure if my problem was unusual ,  but these corded headsets seem to be hit or miss .
never really worked properly with my iphone and i never use it .
this meant that i spent extra time using my knife to cut away the core .
it doesn t grind all the beans so your final cup of coffee is a bit weak .
i purchased this item on march num_extend num_extend i have successfully used it about num_num times since then .
if the speaker was better ,  it would have been a great product ,  unfortunately ,  the speaker is the product .
ordered these for my son ,  and they were smaller than expected .
this toy doesn t seem like it s worth the price .
i tried this product due to it s ratings ,  but was very disappointed .
i don t understand the positive reviews ,  this stuff is nasty and leaves a yucky aftertaste .
from the reviews i read i was expecting more .
chances are that you won t need the uv protection ,  as your regular glasses probably carry that protection .   .
i ve used drugstore brands and salon brands and never had that problem .
i m not sure if it s because of my usb or if it s just really cheap .
looked like something that i would have liked for keeping things tidy .  . unfortunately nope .
i had to return the unit .  .  . sadly ,  because i wanted the functionality .
i called again after installing another new set of batteries ,  just in case .
these fit on the small side ,  and the material is so thin you can read the newspaper through them .
they were so cheap $ the day i ordered them that i should have smelled a rat .
on the receipt when i opened it ,  it said iphone num_extend
they were not expensive so i am not too upset .
it was more trouble than it was worth .
at first i had the problem with it not sealing the lid also .
trust the reviews on this one don t bother to waste your time getting them here .
i never had any issues with it ,  until one day something blew and it wouldn t power on anymore .
these are very small and did not even come close to adding size .
if all you want is extra caffeine ,  you d be better off just taking a caffeine pill .
it takes num_num days num_extend hours  to charge and only num_num hours to run it dead .
the materials that come are relatively cheap with minimum variety of size and type .
it s not as smooth as other brands ,  i would not order it again .
this product has never really delivered what i expected .
for costing as much as it did ,  it sure is a cheap toy .
but nowhere near the pentax quality that i had expected .
the num_extend is a pcmcia card for your laptop that enables wireless local area networking .
it s cool looking ,  but not worth your money or your time .
good expiration date  more than num_num months from num_extend
i read the other reviews and did not believe that so simple of a product could be so bad .
the product might be good ,  i didn t have a chance to try it .
the concept is great but this product is bad .
the smell to me is very musky ,  but off .
it is hard to pour a cup of coffee without cascades of dribbles .
it says i need to have opengl num_extend or better .
the product arrived quickly ,  and i opened the box and tasted them .
the second one was working fine but when i bought her the dsi ,  it didn t work .
i ve also never had any issues with anyone on this site until now .
i bought two sizes ,  the num_num tbsp and the num_num tbsp .
i ve used it in pt and purchased before on line .
i bought this for my num_num yr old son for xmas and was very disappointed .
you decide .  .  . just keep this in mind before you plop down a hundred and fifty bucks .
but the case just wasn t durable and didn t fit properly .
the privacy protectors are like sunglasses ,  you can barely see the screen outdoors and it s not much better indoors .
however ,  it is quality not needed and ,  in my view ,  not worth paying for .
i had a bad experience with this coffee flavor for several reasons .
you have to put your phone within num_num inches away from the ear piece to get better reception .
i thought it was a medium to weak coffee ,  leaning towards the weak side with a bitter taste .
i have suffered from terrible pollen allergies for years .
ithe handle is just a bit too small for arthritic hands to hold comfortably .
but automatic ignores this data from the car computer . seriously ,  i do not recommend this device .
i have two cats that like to chew on cardboard ,  paper ,  wood ,  pens ,  pencils .
to turn off ,  you need to take out the batteries .
this charger began to fail to work for me after a few months .
i got this instead . the lid doesn t fit very well .
what a mess !  overall it does the job ,  just wash it by hand and let it air dry .
i have had multiple pairs of num_extend a pair of rockys ,  a couple pairs of haix ,  and these .
we had it for about num_num weeks before it started to malfunction .
it was only after using my wife s lg optimus that i realized how awful this phone truly is .
there are a lot of num_num star reviews on here ,  so maybe i got a bad one .
it does have a  hint  of what i perceive as artificial coffee flavor .
i normally wear size num_num regular jackets in the usa ,  with size num_num pants .
something about this product s overall texture ,  smell and feel had changed .
i ended up getting a new keyboard instead .
after returning the above item i exchanged it for another .
looked great when i first wore it ,  but very quickly lost threads and pilled .
this product ,  being wireless ,  is subject to interference .
while it may be  natural  ,  be careful how much you drink !  as far as taste ,  it was just ok .
was excited to buy this product ,  but you get what you pay for .
if you leave it attached ,  then it sticks out and i can t use my protective case on my phone .
the only good thing about it is ,  it is very black .
on the first use of the new powerjolt ,  i noticed intermittent phone charging .
i like the convenience of using amazon but not at that kind of markup .
this is so loud it hurt my ears to use it .
however ,  there didn t seem to be much flavor .
will be contacting the seller for replacement strap or new set up .
i only used it occasionally ,  so it s not like there was excessive use .
if you must own a rio get a num_num atleast you can use smart media cards .
if you like the taste of cheap instant coffee then you would probably like these bars .
i sent it in for repair again and it just returned .
on top of that these are very thin fabric .
i got this phone over the iphone because of the lack of mms and qwerty keypad on the iphone .
i have a friend who bought the same after me and it is broke in the same place .
:   there is no firming whatsoever with this product .
when all put together ,  they are very flimsy and awkward .
fortunately  or unfortunately ,  depending on whether you think it smells better than cat urine  the scent disappears fairly quickly .
the only good thing i can say about it is looks durable . no thanks .
you re just paying more than $ for a small piece of metal .
for the plastic to split tells me the material may not be the best for this product .
the impeller motor emits a steady hum and the impeller itself seems to make an audible rushing noise .
but getting it hooked up is sometimes impossible .
throwing it out ,  just because it was reviewed here so highly .
i feel like i am brushing with a childs toothbrush .
with that said ,  i still get a lot of static on these headphones ,  when they work .
i m throwing my pair out and buying the older model .
so ,  if you are always experimenting with the newest product and dropping $ here ,  $ there .
i would give this num_num stars now ,  if i could .
plugged this into a talkabout num_extend and it just transmitted .
for me this one is not good quality .
i will not be buying this again for that reason .
i bought this thinking it would have been made better ,  but it did the exact same thing .
it s gluey and sticky and builds up !  i will never waste my money on devacurl products again .
it came in the mail quickly but i am unhappy with this purchase .
they are tight so not too comfortable to wear for long periods .
i tried with two phones with the same result .
just shell out the money for a better battery .
if this unit would have done audio well ,  i would have given this unit num_num stars .
this was the second one i bought because the first one ended up giving me a rash .
it also does not snug completely to the num_extend
the newer num_extend is smaller with more features ,  but feels flimsy to me .
i had the small sharpener sold at joann s for a year of so .
i m not sure why they made the white one this way but looks and feels like poor quality .
sometimes it looks like its on ,  when its not even plugged in .
i didn t notice any improvement with this product ,  so it must not work for everyone .
after eating one ,  i would typically be hungry about num_num minutes later .
tight ,  but the cups were just a tad large ,  and i wear a num_extend in every brand i buy .
tried this because of the excellent reviews but i didnt feel anything .
it would be much better if the screen were colorful or something .
why the reviews for this are so glowing i cannot figure .
i had not seen these before and ordered as a result of the reviews .
i d like to take it to china ,  where these kinds of crappy things are made .
i just haven t found this to be terribly efficient .
in defense of the brand however ,  i later bought some extra long t s that have been much better .
for many years ive wanted to buy carol s daughter products .
first of all ,  it seems very light and thin and i wonder if it may dent easily .
i ve owned other otterbox cases in the past .
i think it s hit or miss whether this product works for someone .
i ve used these bags for years until recently that is .
i did not find that rich chocolatey taste i was expecting .
that s why i m here on amazon looking for something else .
i plugged it in and immediately it said % battery and never even turned the phone on .
my skin became very very flaky and irritated .
i take it off when i m wiping it down .
only looking for scratch protection from the back of the phone .
one has a flaw in the hang hole in the handle .
to me this is not worth the price .
as the first game on my new num_extend system ,  i prepared myself to be wowed by num_extend
so i took the thing apart . the unit inside if very cheaply made .
i have tried other macadamia nut oil that was much better .
the low volume setting is still too loud .
price was cheap so it wasn t worth returning .
i just couldn t get over the strange texture and flavor .
unfortunately ,  i only looked at the review s  after i purchased the item .
i thought it would be a harder plastic .
and without the handle ,  it s impossible to use this toy for what it s meant to be used .
you get what you pay for i guess .
it started working ok then every few days something would go wrong .
i have to admit that i was really looking forward to receiving this contraption .
i used a cheap made in china wrench to replace mine with no issues .
no heavy use ,  and the phone was either on my table or in my purse .
do yourself a favor and spend a little more money on a better brand .
i was hoping this one would be different because of the high reviews ,  but it isn t .
the size and price seemed right ,  just too flimsy .
just press one button to start ,  the same button to stop .
these pads ,  do absorb quickly ,  but runs off the edges as well as through the plastic .
my first reaction was to get some whetstones and do some sharpening .
it also seemed too short . this may work for a smaller person ,  but it didn t work for me .
there s no need for cleaning solution after every use .
i have had no problems thus far with the food from hape or plan toys .
i will use them ,  but if i ever need these again i won t be buying from here .
even though i liked the sound ,  since i couldn t get them to fit comfortably ,  i returned this set .
of course ,  there s a battery indicator that should have alerted me to this so i could change the battery .
as the old saying goes ,  you get what you pay for .
no problem ,  read the instructions and there is a screw to adjust for this .
secondly ,  you re showing prices to begin at num_extend
and the headsets that come with it are worthless for many people .
i don t have sensitive skin ,  but wherever you put this ,  get ready for a burning and reddening to occur .
it was difficult to use and i did not feel it cleaned well .
i m still using this thing but don t recommend it .
i bought these for use by my kids ,  since i wanted to get away from using plastic cups .
i would say it is designed to last no longer than a couple of num_extend
perhaps i needed a more powerful unit ,  maybe  ?  .
this one has long ,  soft bristles that felt nice but were just too soft to do much good .
i purchased this item thinking how nice it would be to lift ,  sift and deposit waste into trash can .
my cats have really long hair so maybe it would work better on short hair .
would be easier to find item at the $ store instead of wasting money and time .
i spent over two weeks using this everyday and saw no difference .
i hear so much treble and little bass unless you push them all the way in .
i was buying this product before the ingredients changed ,  so i can tell the difference .
save up your money and buy a higher quality unit .
but i have never had any luck with knife sharpeners .
it just doesn t work like it s supposed to .
because of the size the small beads inside don t have very far to fall therefore making little noise .
i felt so a shame because i gave one as a gift to a friends daugther .
the earbuds constantly fall out of my ear unless i jam them into my ear .
the product was nicely made but i am sorry for the miss sizing .
this was my opinion of a few products i tried over the last year or so .
the hard shell part of the case is very thin over these area s .
used them for the first time last night .
the switch is cheap and difficult to work .
i thought it was just ok . how about me ? you ll have to try it for yourself .
this charger is ok only if you use the extendor thing that came with it .
num_num month later and the thing stopped working .
i normally take medium ,  and in this glove that size is too tight .
i like what it s supposed to contain but it s not easy to eat ,  texture or taste wise .
i should have listened to the user reviews .
num_num months later it did it again ,  cleaned it again but it would only work when it wanted to .
these filters don t make a difference in the taste of our water so not sure if they really work .
i bought this cable to replace one that had become unreliable .
i now use only glass jars or tetrapaks of tomatoes and eden foods bpa free canned beans .
i weigh about num_num but there is no guarantee that it would last longer even for anyone substantially lighter .
by the way shop around locally ,  i paid $ less for each .
thank god it didn t scratch the aluminium on the case .
the problem is that it doesn t feel comfortable in the hand .
if you make a lot of stiff doughs ,  this machine will become a num_num lbs paperweight .
it took almost num_num weeks to get here .
this older model runs off batteries which need to be replaced frequently .
don t waste your money on this coffee maker .
it s unfortunate that this product did not have the wow factor i was expecting .
the item described a set of utensils ,  fork ,  knife ,  and spoon .
i have had num_num of these now for num_num different phones .
glamazons ,  the only reason i gave this num_num stars is because of the low price tag .
they are very thin and do not seem very durable .
i ll use these but i won t be purchasing any more .
push block a and lay pot on switch b to open door ,  reveal chest ,  etc .
i send the product in ,  after more than a week ,  i finally got the card again .
and i just don t think the toy lives up to the pricing .
overall i am quite unhappy with my purchase .
to me ,  these shades seem to run on the darker side .
there are too many positive reviews to say they never work .
it s short ,  only about num_num inches so it does not go around your neck or anywhere .
seemed like good ingredients ,  but i couldn t get over he texture .
there is no flavor in this coffee that bears any resemblance to creme brulee .
when this one goes ,  i will probably look into a tempered glass protector instead .
given the cost of this product ,  this is not a great deal .
what you will get is a m>m long cable .
was hoping more from this product ,  i have other products that lasted me years so far .
i have this router and just bought the linksys num_extend to replace it .
refund was instant and i didn t have to return defective product !  .
the num_num pack of num_extend is now num_extend
so far i m not impressed with this popcorn .
too small ,  like a few sizes off too small .
good thing because i wouldn t wasted my $ on it .
i need my computer s ports for the usb devices i have that can t be powered through the keyboard .
here on amazon ,  this was too expensive for this .
the metal is thin and cheap ,  bending easily .
don t be lured in by the low calorie claim :  fresh brewed iced coffee without sweetener ?  zero calories .
i bought a battery tender to keep the battery charged ,  because of the lack of use .
i find it cumbersome to keep the lid open while scooping .
i may have purchased this item before it was ready .
oh ,  should mention that the first rio i got had a broken battery compartment and was returned .
do not think i would purchase this again .
but after getting the product i felt the price was far too high for what you get .
you might have to buy a second one for extra num_num bucks depending on your needs .
the longest it stayed on my phone was num_num hour .
i also ordered some batteries and they too were at the end of the num_num year freshness date .
the led lights are also very hard to see under daylight conditions .
not a big deal for me ,  but just be aware of that .
ive worn them both about num_num times each and have never ever had a problem .
this is the num_extend silicone skin i ordered .
the same problem developed out of warranty and the repair was quoted at $
i spent more time cleaning this litter box than i did the old fashion kind .
the ear buds dont sit tightly in the ear .
when you put the product on your fingers and rub ,  it has this weird texture .
but i don t buy them here or anywhere else for over $
this stuff neutralizes the odors well enough but does not clump well at all .
i don t know how this got good reviews .
this product is ok but seems to be made cheaply .
it is not a bad tool set ,  but it isn t that good either .
however ,  my laptop runs fine with the same usb relay between the same num_extend keyboard and mouse .
unfortunately for me ,  i need a num_extend cf or larger microwave ,  preferably one with sensor controls .
if it were a lot cheaper ,  it wouldn t be so bad .
it leaves coffee grinds that get into the water holder so you have to clean it all the time .
i rinsed the cup with tepid water and put it in the dishwasher because i clean as i go .
even with the case on it ,  it s still smaller than a card .
the droid has a higher resolution of num_num and num_num ppi  pixels per inch  .
i didn t think it would work ,  but i was willing to give it a try .
i found this product too bulky and not easy to use for a daily basis .
it won t stay in place while you try to apply the necessary force to unscrew .
it was over all cheaply made and presented .
my cell signal is weak compared to other phones with the same company .
don t waste your money ,  i will have to buy something else to replace it with .
i ve installed cheaper products that lasted a long time with less effort ,  and with no particles on the screen .
however ,  i am selling mine on here for % of the cost i paid for it today .
well than god it s dirt cheap cos this product is terrible .
in fact ,  i thought this was the same thing .
it still works ,  but i think the battery is dying .
ow . in sum ,  this headset is an extreme disappointment in design and performance .
if i were you i wouldn t pay more then $ for it .
not my cup of tea ,  or should i say coffee .
so in effect ,  num_num out of num_num ain t bad .
you plug it in and the battery blinks red for num_num hours and then just turns off .
granted it is just a cheap phone ,  but you should be able to hear through it correctly .
i am sure i ll use it ,  just not as much use as i d hoped it would get .
i ended up putting in my protein drink at lunch .
it made my phone look nice just didn t have protection .
also ,  if you lay it flat on a hard surface ,  face up ,  the screen doesn t touch the surface .
i tried two of these cables to connect a video camera to a laptop .
i checked my order history and this is identical to the item i purchased from amazon in num_extend
i guess i should have used it more when i first bought it .
i don t use crap like that . this dryer will have to be replaced .
don t buy this ,  its not worth the $
i have returned them to baker s catalog and received a refund .
if you wanted a bland gf multigrain cracker there are plenty of them out there .
i was really looking forward to using this .
although you have to pay for the shipping back to them .
like others here ,  i found the device relatively unconfigurable .
i have since upgraded my phone so i never use it .
the calories are fairly low :  num_num for a fairly large bag .
i literally used it for about num_num minutes and the batteries  which were brand new  died .
it seals ,  but not enough that you would want to lay the bottle on its side again .
i love cold coffee drinks but the illy issimo coffee drink was too bitter for my liking .
mine is being returned at no cost thanks to amazon .
the product might have been fine to use if the color worked for you ,  but it didn t for me .
ordered this to replace original battery in my num_num year old pentax camera .
it lack features for a product that costs this much .
i also did not see any faster charging on my iphone num_extend vs .
fortunately amazon sent me a return lable and gave me a full refund .
if i could change the star rating ,  i would change it to num_num or num_num stars now .
i suggest you purchase a slightly more expensive model with a  push button  lock to keep the cable extended .
i was very disappointed with the fit of these headphones .
i bought this product thinking it would get rid of fleas on my dog ,  instead it did the opposite .
then one day i thought i d grind all it could hold ,  about a cup of beans .
i ve used it for a little over a month and i haven t seen any results at all .
after using it now ,  i do notice the charger is under powered .
i bought this on amazon only to return it shortly thereafter .
i was very disappointed as the reviews were very promising .
the material is very thin and it does not look like the photo .
we exchanged it for another exactly like it .
after a year of warranty ,  i emailed otterbox company if they could replace just one of the case .
it is hard to believe that it is not made of plastic .
i ve been using brita water filters for over num_num years now .
it seems that these great products come out and then they add silicone and ruin it .
i really have no idea how this product has so many positive reviews .
it may work for other people ,  but did nothing for me .
a cup of hot water would probably work better .
looks dirty and have to rub it clean .
i purchased this with the necessary kit to install for my num_num toyota corolla .
because of this coffee maker ,  my husband has stopped drinking coffee because it is such a pain to prepare .
the instructions say to work moon dough by  squishing , squashing  it in your hands .
people dont hear you well ,  lots of noise ,  uncomfortable ,  moves around while gaming ,  short cord ,  cheap feel .
the speaker often produces mediocre to poor am sound .
was disappointed with the quality of the sounds .
the plastic shattered when the cut neared one edge and i was struck by many bits of sharp plastic .
i sent it back to tiffen for a warranty repair .
you just take it off and put the next one on .
my very old cord still looks better ,  unfortunately it no longer offered noise free use .
i was so excited to get this for my daughter for christmas .
i purchased this at walmart for num_extend a week ago .
keep in mind though ,  this product is rather obsolete .
i do not notice any effect from this product .
i purchased this vacuum hoping the rotating brush would work well on dog hair on furniture .
i would not buy this again ,  or recommend .
i m going to look for a sturdier one this time around .
i drink my coffee without sugar and without milk .
i have no ill effect from using it as frequently as i do . ali julia review .
my prior num_extend dvd player had much better picture quality and i actually went back to it .
i would use this for about num_num minutes once a week .
i was juicing tangelos ,  which are high in juice and low in pulp and seeds .
i have a num_num inch from another company that is much better .
its also about the same size as an iphone num_extend and same basic look from across the room .
i m glad i only paid around $ for it . two tries though and it still didn t work for me .
this ended up being a hard plastic and not a rubberized material .
i returned it and got my money back .
again ,  another kitchenaid product i got hoping for quality  because it s kitchenaid ,  it should be quality !   and thouroughly dissapointed .
i assumed the first one was defective ,  so amazon replaced it .
when it is put together it appears well made but it is seriously wobbly .
i have had quieter air pumps than this one .
the handles and screws were not as good as those on the aluminum presto models i ve had .
we put this box in the bathroom to minimize scattered litter .
i will try another brand to see if it works .
i am charging the battery through a seperate dock charger .
the two older usb network adapters from linksys i used were working fine .
as a matter of fact ,  product doesn t look like this at all .
it s too expensive to just keep just to use as an addition to our regular set .
i tested it on my ipods  which was purchased for that purpose  and immediately requested an rma from amazon .
i haven t had much luck getting any of my knives sharp with this system .
this case is defective because it covers the sensors needed to use your phone .
being so snug ,  it was hard to put on and take off .
as mentioned before ,  they don t get immobilized temporarily like your character does ,  and they are really tough .
even when increasing the amount of beans ,  the coffee is not very robust .
very hard to get used to the buttons since they re so small .
if i lost it ,  i d buy something else next time .
unfortunately ,  the headset hasn t met any of my expectations .
this is way too small to put in the ear .
and the soap dries out my skin after two uses .
i have bought other bluetooth headsets in the past ,  and this one is no different .
but its so flimsy that its hard to use .
good quality acrylic would not have this problem .
i wanted to use this item to siphon over the liquid into a smaller more manageable container .
i have been using this product for a while and consistently have had the same issues .
amazon lists these batteries under rechargeable aa batteries .
this would be an awesome case if it didn t have that issue .
i ve been using for over num_num weeks and nothing .
not sure what people are thinking who have given this rave reviews .
to make matters worse ,  i ordered two of these .
i have a very old version ,  but same model number ,  of this adapter for years .
i went to get an xxl and got a num_extend
the blade is so thin that it flexed ,  the knife went sideways and nearly got my finger .
maybe this is an exception rather than the rule ,  but their customer service  is bad  too .
i bought this for my iphone num_num gsm and don t know why but it doesn t fit very well .
nowhere near the quality of their regular stuff .
takes up a lot of space for nothing .
i was very excited about getting this device .
if you use locktite on the screws then they will not loosen .
the pink outer layer is stretched out and doesn t fit well with the white case .
i often have to push the last inch or cord in . may num_extend i ve changed my mind about this product .
maybe i will have to be stuck carrying one headset for voice recognition and another for music and dvds .
also ,  we re very clumsy and haven t chipped a piece after num_num months of use .
the graphics are good when you manage to get the framerate high enough ,  but the action is just dumb .
the earphones look like they are comfortable ,  but they aren t .
worked good at first ,  eventually my phone was powering off at % with false readings on battery life .
then i borrowed a generic apapter from a friend .
the small is too small to be practical for much .
if the color you want is offered by uag ,  pay extra for it .
personally ,  i would not buy it myself or recommend this product to a friend .
the garment simply is made for a very long and skinny medium .
the back silver linings came out in first week of my use .
i wasn t even trying to use the wireless feature .
the case is basically what they say it is ,  but i don t like it .
this eraser is okay ,  but it doesn t work as well as i would like .
this is a pretty nice looking toy but useless for any real application .
i read the reviews and there were some that indicated that they did not receive no rub .
does it work any better than loads of other products ?  nah . recommended :  nope .
i had at least num_num sets of these .
do yourself a favor ,  pay a little more and get a better brand .
healthy food doesn t have to be bland and flavorless ,  but this stuff certainly is .
i haven t been using it sparingly and unlike other reviewers ,  i ve noticed no fragrance .
i have aired it out ,  cleaned it ,  rinsed it ,  aired it out again and it still smells .
even then im not sure it would work the way its supposed to .
don t get me started on the buttons ,  this case makes pressing the buttons a real chore .
secondly ,  the stuff doesn t have enough iron  in my opinion  .
however ,  the text on the screen is very small .
i bought num_num of these tubs for kitchen tasks .
these plugs hold their wires with a screw than tightens down over them .
i normally love any type of iced tea ,  but this tea has a very bitter taste .
although i liked being about use use the stand ,  the bumper that comes with it is awful .
for the price ,  i m not really mad ,  but i was disappointed .
rk wireless was the vendor at the time of my purchase .
this product worked well for about num_num year ,  then it crapped out .
i ve tried and returned at least num_num headsets ranging from $ to $
does not work very well ,  but i guess you get what you pay for .
i have been using it for one month .
but for the money ,  in my opinion ,  it s not worth it .
it also does not have even half the tangy flavor of the previous purchase .
i purchased this bluetooth and it would not charge .
i can use regular cheap soap if i want that .
thankfully the price and shipping was low or i would return .
she was so looking forward to getting it .
spend a couple dollars more for a better pair .
at least i assume it s the battery as i haven t replaced it yet . sure .
the case charges with a micro usb connector  i can t imagine otherwise  .
i tried different sizes of cups and even purchased another box of gm k cups at another store .
not worth the $ but thank god it wasn t more money .
i then took a plastic butter knife and scraped off a little bit and applied it .
simply put ,  the low price isn t worth the trouble .
it moisturizes decently ,  but leaves some residue on the surface of my hair as if it doesn t absorb completely .
i used it once ,  hand washed ,  and dried .
you cannot use all of the necessary buttons on your phone if you put your phone in it .
it was working great for the first few days and then out of no where my skin reacted awfully .
the old technology and cheap nicad battery doesn t hold a charge for long .
we will probably have to buy a better one when we have the money .
it s supposed to lighten the weight of pots .
sadly ,  this cable while it looks good isn t super reliable .
so i shook it and tried it again .
they don t seem to be sized for petite women; rather taller women with long torsos .
it was fine for num_num weeks then it stopped clicking closed on the first push .
however ,  we will be looking for a better machine .
i waited for this delivery for num_num days now even though it is under prime shipping .
the other issue i have with this brand is with its taste .
just disgusting .  . first unit continues to click but having it on a timer helps . not purchasing another unit .
i am so disappointed this phone did not work out .
in my house ,  after one use ,  the filter is a real mess and must be cleaned throughly .
i m not saying it was night and day; in fact i am still using both products .
i have had this unit for a little over a year ,  using it infrequently .
i mean ,  it stays in your mouth for a bit but nothing unbearable .
now there is absolutely nothing wrong with the quality of this product .
this i screwed on my joby gorillapod magnetic tripod  which i love  .
i replaced this after num_num months with the samsung wep and have had no problems .
well ,  it did hurt !  these are way too heavy for me .
the plastic is cheap and i jus hated it .
it looks like there is glitter but when you put it on not much glitter .
but really ,  i am not okay with the terrible sound quality .   .
i went in started the tub and got in and used my regular shampoo and conditioner .
it looked cool at first ,  but i was quickly disappointed .
but that s not the reason i gave it just num_num stars .
the price was right but that was the only thing that was right .
i looked and looked to see how many bottles of these i would receive for the price .
audio out for better quality output to external speakers and num_extend
i use this for my ipod in my car .
if it doesn t work with iphone num_num they need to quit mentioning that it works with iphone num_extend
you have to wipe off the grease and apply more  if you have any  .
i would never purchase this or recommend it to anyone else .
i then looked over and saw that nba live num_extend was asking for $
i replaced the batteries ,  but no luck . i tried to keep using it ,  just by using the sender unit .
i wouldve returned this but i bought it for someone .
i ordered this product in early sept .  ,  gave it a good review in the beginning . this is not sterling silver .
my daughter was the one that got to try it out .
i have had to fix mine with krazy glue ,  tape ,  etc .
i guess it s ok for popping the kernels ,  but here ,  too ,  nothing to write home about .
finally figured out this thing just suddenly stopped working .
i set them back ,  and was refunded promptly and efficiently .
thinking about buying the num_extend instead and trying that .
i ve used non stick pans for years and never had it flake off .
also i m not too sure about the color for my skin tone .
the inside is a cheap plastic ,  although the outer stainless steel is nice looking .
however ,  due to the taste ,  i d almost rather drink the soda .
coffee didn , t taste right ,  kind of tinny and had grounds in the coffee cup .
i took most of my test shots at iso num_num and num_extend real drawback of this camera is focussing .
i would have expected to see such poor battery performance num_num years ago ,  but not in num_extend
i ve been using the soap for a three weeks .
i even left it plugged in and it makes a somewhat loud buzzing sound .
a week into owning it ,  i noticed the blade was chipped .
when it arrived ,  i was a little disappointed .
the only good thing about this is graphics .
but it s good features don t make up for the bad .
the length was great ,  but the fitting was just weird .
not worth $ let alone what i paid .
these headphones work ,  but i am not that big a fan of them .
this might work for others , but not for me .
i didn t like the taste once i mixed it with my coffee .
i don t understand most of these good reviews .
perhaps they boost the bass a little ,  but i m not a expert on this .
but no charge only cable on hand to try that out .
but ,  in my case ,  it s almost too soft .
ugliest thing i have ever ordered and it was way too big .
so my house doesn t smell like cats  as noted by visitors  ,  even though i have open cat litter boxes .
it s harsh and somewhat acidic ,  and leaves an unpleasant aftertaste .
tried numerous usb ports and replaced the batteries .
they are truly uncomfortable and not very flexible .
i ordered a num_num in case they shrunk ,  but i should have ordered a num_extend
there is a piece that has to snap on ,  and it didn t fit .
this item should not cost $ $ is more like it .
this is a great idea ,  but poorly executed .
i still have it but dont use it at all .
don t know if the phone they sent me was bad or if this phone is just not good .
i ve been reading the reviews here in amazon and i was interested to try this product .
case was very difficult to put on and take off .
i never had this problem with the tablet formulation by nature s life .
it has a num_num inch square velcro patch to keep the lid closed .
i thought maybe my particular unit was defective; i returned it for another one and the same thing happened .
so when this company read my review they offered to send a new device .
please save your money for a better model .
i should have listened to the reviews online .
it s not quite as strong as the tone s garlic powder i use regularly ,  but then the tone s isn t organic .
very small ,  can be awkward to keep in ear .
i have an iphone num_extend ipad num_extend an intel num_extend laptop ,  etc .
this is small mat ,  it s like not even having one .
this does not make any sense . the bags are very small .
this simply isn t worth a nickel even though it doesn t cost anything to purchase .
not the color that it shows in the picture .
i just bought two more and they are not at all the same pant .
anyway ,  these lack absorbency ,  they are super small .
always ,  in my opinion ,  look to see if the product is sold by or fulfilled by amazon .
the back cover of the phone gets slightly loose over time when removing it and putting it back on .
it would be better just to get a regular screen protector .
they don t have the bitey espresso flavor that i remember .
so this is not a good cable for ipad .
like pretty much everyone else ,  i have a few pounds to lose .
it worked for num_num months and not it will not charge my phone .
i wouldn t recommend ,  there are much better products out there than this .
to prolong the life of the product ,  just put it in the fridge .
item is too large to use on a daily basis .
the cheap piece of junk i received ismade in china and was broken when i received it .
when you do get it the right temp ,  it doesn t seem to stay warm for very long at all .
despite coffee being the first ingredient ,  the flavor was weak .
there weren t many reviews for this stuff online ,  but i wanted to give it a try .
in summary ,  annoyingly small buttons and loud beeping sound .
there is some weird taste that i just can t get past .
cheaper would have been nicer ,  but i don t feel ripped off either .
i have taken to putting wax paper down on those spots and using urine destroyer to clean the areas .
num_extend after the first one we d bought quit working just a little after the warranty period ended .
i wear a size num_num so i thought i should be fine .
i thought it was larger and had more function  the latter my own fault for not reading more carefully  .
it is mdf board and really cheaply made .
i contacted the seller and was given his number to call him about it .
the only thing good about this product is that its cheap and it has a cover .
i order a women s num_extend and they sent me a size num_extend which was way too large .
for one ,  this product is built very cheap .
these headphones are horrible !  !  !  !  !  ! my ears are hurting after five minutes of using the headphones . not worth the $
i think it probably needs to be a finer grind ,  at least .
they also have some cheap plastic parts with rough finish .
the next batch tasted exactly the same as the first; like hard apple cider .
i bought this and immediately upon receiving ,  it didn t work .
i think this is is a dumb design .
i will have to admit though , it sure will look pritty sitting on my coleman stove .
you need to try to figure it out before you want to wear it .
but ,  for the price ,  i thought it would last a little longer .
this toaster suffers from slots a bit too small and uneven toasting .
normally ,  i have no qualms about ordering from amazon .
my daughter wanted a wooden case for her iphone .
overnight it would charge about % of my phone .
i am couldn t get this connected with an extra set of hands and two pair of pliers .
i have had this unit for about num_num months now .
they still have all the grips on them and show no signs of wear .
it is loose and tends to fall off .
i also like a soap with less fragrance .
as a cd rw ,  it s fine ,  probably num_num stars .
you get what you pay for here ,  it feels really cheap .
it was a cheap price and it looks cheaper than what i paid for it .
i had to discontinue use and bought another .
i can manage num_extend fine but at num_extend it s just too fast and i have to jog .
i will use a different brand from now on .
it was super shiny and sturdy . but the handle was sooo bad i had to return it .
however ,  i keep losing the connection between the num_num headset and treo .
i had a similar issue with an otterbox case on a past phone and otterbox was all over it .
if that doesn t work it goes back and i will buy elsewhere .
it hangs up in pockets ,  pocketbooks ,  anything you put it inside .
they kind of wedgie me in the butt ,  they fit kind of awkward .
it will easily fit a num_num inch and the hole thing is over kill for it .
mixing was no issue whatsoever using a blender ball shaker .
i mean ,  not even remotly close . the sound is okay . the music is all the same though . lets see , gameplay . the ai is horible .
maybe i need to sharpen it ,  although for a pizza cutting tool i expected it to come sharp .
we probably had it only a month before it stopped working .
if that is your plan ,  you should buy another product .
num_num and initially it worked well until january num_extend num_num it began failing .
without the lid ,  it isn t much use for shaking .
what is called a silver chrome is more a white with the slightest hint of gray .
the coffee flavor was not very strong considering how dark it was .
i really don t understand all of the positive reviews here .
even after i super glued it back on it didn t work right .
it would also turn on the weapon as it was concealed .
first ,  the lid does not line up with the base .
i tried num_extend as i have always used zagg and this product was a better price .
i was disappointed to see that this product was made in china instead of brook s uk factory .
i ordered the medium based on other reviews saying the sizing was extremely small .
i ve bought this before at an ulta and was excited that it was cheaper here .
it doesn t keep a charge nearly as long as the original battery when the phone was num_extend purchased .
i m going to be helpful to anyone else buying this sight .
i could hear faint high pitched sound when placed to my ear but dogs didn t .
this kitchen supply num_num quart glass batter bowl with lid is far too heavy for me .
if i could i would give this num_extend stars .
this time i had one egg hard cooked and the other with runny whites .
this thing is garbage and i am desperately trying to find a charger that works at num_extend or better .
i have other company whey that taste better .
there s a lot of flaws with this bluetooth that other ,  cheaper devices don t have .
maybe the large would fit a num_extend comfortably ,  but i m not sure about that .
this was the wrong type of battery for my phone .
lastly ,  the blade does not last as many shaves as my normal disposable razor .
unlike other reviewers i would have to say i have been very disappointed with this product .
not that much of a problem but the cheaply made glasses with the thin plastic frames .  .  .  . big problem .
burr grinders are supposed to be superior to blade grinders because they generate less heat and grind more evenly .
there s a problem with the design of this headset .
they are not this color when you bake something in it .
this headset is actually not a bad deal but it is not a great deal either .
this is not black with an auburn color to it .
that could be good but really ,  it does not look great .
sizing is not consistent across different styles from the same brand .
may be worth the gamble at such a low price ,  but i won t be purchasing any more .
for reference i am usually a small ,  num_extend num_num pounds .
they are cheap ,  but you get what you pay for .
don t waste your money ,  and same goes for the psp and ds lite versions of the starter kit .
what can you expect for the price i guess ?  but this case was super cheap .
quality seems fine ,  just bummed the sizes were off of what i usually order .
i had it about a month now and i used it about num_extend
i paid $ which ,  at the time was one of the least expensive burr grinders available .
it s heavy to drag out all the time .
this supposedly new battery lasts half as long as my year old battery .
compare that to a modern smartphone charger that is at least num_extend for only one port .
when charging ,  it makes a loud buzzing noise .
i am not satisfied with this productat all for many reason after all .
their products are typically very thoughtfully engineered ,  however ,  this one is a failure .
i ll give it so someone with an iphone .
since mine was old ,  the inside was starting to break apart ,  i bought a new one for hers .
my wife bought the num_num mb iriver model at the same time .
this product was ultra cheap at $ however it didn t work .
anyways i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it had a weird after taste and texture .
because you have to press hard ,  it is very irritating to underarm skin .
so i have had this case for maybe num_num or num_num years .
my son was super excited to get this .
i bought a num_extend and note that the internal most hole is at num_extend
i foolishly decided to buy this without checking the reviews .
going by the measurements given i ordered the size i should have been .
rubs against my pocket fabric and it is never easy to take out .
when i played music through my phone i could barely hear it .
coming off uncharted to this one ,  i was just disappointed .
had to yank it out and put in a new one ,  same brand .
it had a strange flavor that just didn t appeal to me .
during installation a little dirt spec got between the screen and the protector .
i m sure any old scrubbing gel would work .
this product was on sale ,  so i bought in num_num pack to save money .
then it must be fully dried with a soft dish towel .
what arrived was a bag num_extend long and num_extend wide .
i ordered this item as amazon is throwing item for free along num_extend ipod .
well ,  cheap is one thing ,  but broken is another .
i did by a second pair and returned them with out even opening them .
these seem to be as flimsy and cheap as the regular ones except black .
i bought it ,  used it about num_num weeks and one day it just didnt work anymore .
i tried to place it back in but it keeps falling out and irritates my ear .
they have decent grip but they are so cheaply made .
however it has buttons to unplug it like older apple cables and these buttons will break very easily .
i took it back ,  got another one ,  and within num_num weeks it gave me the same problems .
didn t really see an increase in battery life with this battery and it didn t look like the picture either .
i like the convenience ,  but the sound quality is not really good enough .
if you own either of these you should recognize that this product is not really new .
waste of money !  these don t stick to my phone and peel off right away .
a better approach would be a dash or vent mount .
i sized up to num_extend for these ,  but they re way too small .
i ordered num_num of these thinking it will last me a while ,  i was wrong .
my guess is it s the right plugger but a poor ,  cheap usb wire .
if you expect to be able to receive a signal .
it hurts your ear so bad that you will have to take it out often .
put in a pocket ,  set down in my car console  ,  or bumped near the battery compartment .
the only thing going for this product is that it is inexpensive .
because of how often i use this ,  it seems like it is always dirty .
and that is annoying ! comfort : the only true fact about these earphones is their comfort .
don t even bother with a battery unless it is rated num_extend
it s too bad ,  because it does make my skin soft .
first taste was of the puroast as i did not want to be prejudiced by the regular taste .
i ve done the same with many other chargers in the past and never had a problem before .
also ,  i feel like the coffee has a strange smell that is kind of bitter and stale .
motorola is no longer top notch in bluetooth creation .
i do not recommend buying this piece of crap .
i have dropped my phone a few times while in this case .
i bought this by mistake and had to return it .
here are my thoughts on the product : first ,  the num_extend
i like to feel the bristles when i brush my face dry or with soap and water .
i returned easily via amazon who paid the return shipping on these defective items .
i can t even plug my charger in all the way when this case is on .
after reading the reviews on here i was hesitant to use the product i had just purchased .
not complaining because my bt will last longer by protecting it with this case .
sure enough ,  the one i tried on itched .
worthless !  doesn t even stay on to charge my phone .
i ve only had it for num_num months and i have not abused it at all .
i would recommend their products but not for this model .
i thought there was a thin ,  transparent piece of protective plastic to peel off the surface ,  but there s not .
its not greasy ,  just have to use a very smallamount . i do think this is expensive !  .
one of them stopped working after a couple of days .
granted ,  the sound quality out of the speakers is not going to blow anyone away .
you can make a better one yourself ,  very cheaply .
or if you have the money just invest in a mac paint pot .
i had used a brand new razor blade ,  so i know i did not have any razor burn .
i still had my headset that came with my num_extend and i compared them .
these bags might work fine but i never used them so i don t really know .
there is a large gap on both sides of the zipper .
this mix does not rise the way i d like a mix like this to rise .
you can probably find used num_extend for way less than the prices here if you really want it .
i looked up the caffeine content in the average coffee drink and it is similar or even less .
these are brand new and to already look tarnished doesn t fill me with hope that they ll last .
this was to replace a one year old battery in my daughters num_extend
as it is ,  i m purchasing yet another pepper mill .
so although this is a great looking toy ,  it doesn t appear to be durable .
as the saying goes  you get what you pay for  .
a set of num_num x num_num for my bmw num_extend
plug into wall ,  green light comes on . one video describes the middle light flashing when it starts to charge .
i don t recommend it .  .  . doesn t do anything for me at all !  .
these are definitely not the same quality as what you get when you buy the filter .
they work ,  but are not as good as the other clips i got .
this is the second stylus i ve tried that was like this .
since then ,  i only used and recharged the sony batteries a couple of times .
so ,  anyway ,  i bought the different brand ,  hoping it s going to be better .
i could use my num_extend for weeks before i needed to replace batteries .
so i exchanged for a num_extend and that is still too small .
so a month later i am getting another phone .
which is sad because i really like my num_extend and was hoping to get them replaced .
i expected more out of this brand and a longer lifespan .
this pan is going to kitchen heaven  or ,  better ,  hell  ,  and i m already looking for a new chef s pan .
don t waste your money on this at this price .
i would expect much better quality for something that costs as much as this does .
i didn t even need moisturizer when i use clinique s soap or liquid cleanser .
my high end knives dont get used much .  . they are just too high end to risk losing or abusing .
these were the headphones i longed for for more than num_num years .
it is impossible to keep this knife sharp .
now we ll just apply that  replacement cost  towards a  hopefully  better brand .
i probably would have bought something of better quality .
but now i am not going to . i have had this for just over a year now .
they sent me three more ,  which i again applied and again found that they did not fit well .
i was excited to get it ,  but did not expect it to be the hard brittle type plastic .
it lasted less than a month . what broke ?  the reverse setting so he can t unscrew .
as they say ,  you get what you pay for .
it is less than num_num hours with a fully charged factory battery .
i don t know why i m even giving it num_num stars instead of one ?  no ,  i m giving it one .
i don t require a strong flavor out of my waters and i wasn t really expecting it to be strong .
its small and useless like a tiny rothco knife .
what s wrong with having an option to use the num_extend
but it was less than $ so who cares ,  right ?  .
even my dogs don t seem to be bothered by the smell .
detailing is not very good for this price .
also ,  the cover collects water around the rim and handle ,  and rust there is rampant .
i bought it at a local pharmacy ,  wasn t cheap .
very disappointing since i have used their products for years without incident .
with the advertised mah rating ,  the battery should last twice as long ,  not % longer .
had to replace as soon as i received it .
you might consider pairing it with a headphone amp  this is not a portable setup  .
there are many cons to this product ,  its core concept is sound but poor follow through in its development .
these didn t help me much with my chronic  sacro  related pain .
i m on my second unit ,  the first one failed .
i have no reason not to believe her .
i tried to use this and found it didn t help much in evaluating the ear canal .
my daughter has had a similar experience with this machine .
i had this model before and wanted to buy it as a gift for my sister in law .
personally i ll just stick with steamed veggies on my rice instead of this product .
it s loose along the side edges and comes away from the phone often .
hum its not bad tasting but im not sure if i like the thought of it ,  i .
if you have a flip case installed ,  this device will not fit the phone .
i think these replacement blades are just too expensive .
it does not cover the screen all the way .
i bought this at another store and used it to cut num_num pounds of potatoes at once .
it was so different from the demo grinder that i contacted william bounds and they sent me a replacement .
searched for  droid num_num chargers  when making my purchase .
i wear either medium or wide widths  my foot s not super wide  .
however ,  i called amazon and they refunded my money and told me not to send the product back .
the color was attractive ,  but turned out ordinary looking .
however ,  i d prefer that my timer would just stay in timer mode until otherwise directed .
they weren t very tart ,  and tasted slightly salty to me .
my plan was test it out and buy num_num if it worked .
the quality of this item was very poor .
the graphics are blurry and pixelated . i have an awesome hdtv so no it s not my screen .
the battery in no way compares to the orginal extended usage battery that i was replacing .
i haven t decided if i am going to use it or not .
they run num_num sizes too small and are cheap material .
i m glad it works for some people but obviously not for me .
anyway i guess i m stuck with this till i use it up .
now the clip holding them to the pants is way to flimsey and cheaply made .
my daughter and niece were both given this toy .
just don t use it much ,  and don t expect it to last very long .
also when i ordered it it did not fit my iphone num_num the way it should have .
note :  i did like eden foods kidney beans ,  so i m not criticizing the brand .   .
i have used this num_num or num_num times .
i contacted the oem shop and they said they d send a replacement asap .
i ordered num_num of these cases as gifts .
she is num_num months now and is still playing with it .
they were less expensive even with the excessive shipping cost .
this case if very cute and protective ,  but it s no where near the quality of the otterbox .
my opinion spend the $ on num_num they last me about num_num months .
i should mentioned that i actually received four screen protectors in my num_num pack .
overall not a bad bad ,  but could be better .
the new one needs num_extend no problems in over num_num years other than it has developed a humming sound .
too bad ,  as continence of something nutritious would be nice .
although it s hard to tell from the fuzzy closeup ,  these do not have split rings ,  but bent rings .
so i ordered this battery as a replacement .
oh well ,  you get what you pay for .
my skin is not sensitive and i use other products without any issues .
perhaps i should have gotten a larger size ,  but i really don t think even that would help .
i would look up comments regarding this product before making a purchase .
these are the only nice things i can say about it .
it was sent ,  brand new ,  with a num_extend rip in the flimsy  i m being kind  liner .
just because it didn t work for me doesn t mean it won t work on someone else .
i bought the netgear num_extend to replace it .
this is designed to hold typical store bought bread in the bag .
i was very excited about purchasing my first canon  l  series lens for my num_extend
i must have gotten a faulty one because it doesn t work .
i will be buying another ,  more expensive clipper kit as soon as my refund goes through .
their large display is so dark you can barely see it .
it is not flammable ,  and it came with batteries which seems rare these days .
the battery lasts on average num_num hours with barely any usage .
for the price ,  some kind of cheap case would be nice .
this fan is so loud i cant even use it .
it s probably still usable cracked or broken ,  but for the price i think the materials could be sturdier .
my coffee was room temperature in about num_num minutes .
it requires excessive cleaning and maintenance in order to get it to work ,  sort of ,  sometimes ,  and maybe .
pay a bit more but get better quality .
so i gave it num_num star because it s not stainlesssteel and i don t trust it .
i returned and bought seidio num_extend which leaves this one in the dust .
it s there ,  but for the most part you don t take notice of it .
it s not horrible ,  it s just not what we care to taste in our chamomile tea .
get that instead .  just to be clear ,  i do own both this and the num_extend
these do not securely stay on your ear .
luck it me i found my lost bluetooth ,  so i returned it and got my money back .
disappointing purchase ,  i m amazed there aren t more negative reviews .
but it needs a better cable for attaching to phone .
i have always wanted a pair ,  but they just did not work for me .
i bought this on amazon for my droid num_extend and used it about few months .
i am giving this item num_num stars because their customer service department contacted me immediately after my complaints .
i had to clean the heck out of it for it to even look ok .
it works  barely  and that is the most i can say for it .
i suppose it can be handy for some ,  but i just found it to be frustrating to use .
after a while ,  it was too much effort for not much result .
i m borderline skinny and it still won t fit .
maybe other similar devices work better ,  but this one is not the answer to your problems .
i have tried different ways to get it to work .
i selected this product for my num_num year old daughter to try .
i used it everyday and cleaned the filters after every use then returned it to it s charger .
unpluging then repluging the unit in would get the sound back .
i ve worn this style headphone before and never had this problem .
at least the people gave me a full refund .
there is only a small led light that indicates that it is plugged in .
i ve had this toaster oven for maybe num_num years .
it was less than $ so not much loss there .
it s a shame because i really like those .
after having an htc incredible for almost num_num years ,  i had to get the latest htc phone .
after you use it for a bit ,  the stones begin to fall off .
if you buy this for just a toy ,  i would rate it num_num stars .
i have to hold the switch in further to get power but when i let go ,  power is lost .
sony wants me to buy a new one ?  ?  ?  ?  rubbish .
so no i would not suggest buying it unless you find it here very cheap .
unfortunately ,  the way this product is packaged ,  the handle apparatus must be attached when you receive it .
i really do not like the color ,  it is unpleasant .
these style covers are not as advantageous as they seem .
i ve never seen a usb product break off in a port .
it will not stop me from using amazon .
they tore within a matter of days and are of a very cheap ,  light and spongy material .
i ll see if i can get another ,  but i m not sure why i d want one .
material doesn t seem to be the great  quality  the manufacturer claims it is .
battery life is only about num_extend  standby  and defintly not num_num some minutes as what this phone s spec num_extend
i would also like to point out that this case will not protect your phone in case it drops .
like i can t tell whether it s working or not .
my real issue is that the sound services provided don t work nearly as well as they should .
i wanted to purchase a few items for my pro num_num kitchenaid  .  .  .  . this was one of of them .
dont waste time on this one ,  buy something else .
for $ bucks i would of expected something better than this .
i often find myself wiping up water that has spilled all over the place .
my understanding is that the battery is not replacable .
it s difficult to get it to lock on properly and gets dislodged during cutting easily also .
it had a strange after taste that i could not shake .
i think i should stick to more matte primers .
i thought the plastic case on the bodum was cheap .
i tried using it anyway but thecrack prevents the lid from functioning properly .
it s expensive but doesn t control odor better than cheaper brands .
the dock i got was for an iphone .
pancakes aren t evenly colored . perhaps the ridged side works better ,  because then the smooth side would be against the coils .
not even close ,  you get what you pay for i guess .
it is pointy and not smooth all over .
it provides no scent ,  which is alright ,  but also doesn t prevent any body odor ,  which is clearly not alright .
looked like a good idea ,  but this just doesn t work .
maybe pay more and get something rated for more use .
so i thought maybe it s a defective unit and ordered a second one .
i tried flavored creamers ,  syrups ,  whipped cream ,  cinnamon and nutmeg .
it tastes artificial on every level . at least the coffee products they offer use real coffee .
mine wasn t even together when i opened it from the box .
did not spend a lot of money so i got a cheap and flimsy product .
it has no padding and is very thin ,  so it wrinkles easely .
unfortunately ,  getting it down is quite a trial since the taste and texture result in something awful .
then when i tried plugging in my headphones i could not .
unfortunately the laser is so dim it doesn t create the dot ,  even in the dark .
don t waste you money on this if you have an iphone num_extend
at least it was not made of lightweight ,  disposable plastic casing .
i put these on two iphones about a month ago .
at first ,  i achieved an inconsistent ,  coarse grind .
i have no idea why people like this product so much .
that s not a typo .   sound is sometimes effective ,  but mix and positioning are often confused ,  ie .
radio should be an easy and cheap integration ,  at least on the corded num_extend
slightly too tight  i do have a big head  .
the only plus i have is that they came in the mail quickly .
that not enough time to run to a charger and pick up another phone that s fully juiced up .
only advantage is that it smaller than a dipole and not as unsightly .
however the design does not show up like i expected it to .
i was excited to get this phone case last week .
the plastic used is very thin so they can get thru it .
it s louder than my cell phone alone ,  but there is static that i find distracting .
there is nothing  extra bold ,   or even  regular bold  about this coffee .
there is a hint of vanilla flavor upon drinking ,  but it s not enough in my opinion .
i had bought similar chargers before that did ok .
thus ,  it makes my num_num inch tv screen look like a num_num inch .
and it is less than half the price of this one .
and when that does , it works great . however , for $ that is a really , really bad deal .
unfortunately ,  while the new unit works somewhat better ,  it still doesn t work as well as it should .
i ve seen reviews that say the battery life lasts num_num hours at % volume .
my skin is not sensitive so im lucky that way .
there is num_num grams of sugar in each num_num tbs per serving .
it s probably a case of getting what you pay for . my num_extend
i read so many reviews on this product . trying to get a feel for the taste reviewed by others .
i m also not sure this is the right shade for me .
there also isn t very much flavor at all .
i think i ll be replacing it with a plantronics .
i ve had this for less than a week and i m returning it .
i was surprised that the product couldn t handle this .
the final resort was to reformat my machine .
these pants are a stretchy material and you feel like you re wearing leggings or a girdle .
on loud mode ,  it was pretty loud ,  but the lower mode was reasonable .
other reviews were great so i am wondering if mine just got messed up or something .
when it does come time for a replacement ,  i will not hesitate to purchase another ecoplus .
the lock should be hard for a thief to open .
i tried replacing the batteries ,  but that wasn t the problem .
i read many positive reviews and this seemed like a good idea but i was very disappointed .
i ll keep it but i m not real happy with it .
it also made the phone look really cheap .
it does not do a great job of sealing out the light .
on the phone s screen it was great ,  on the tv ,  terrible .
however ,  these are very heavy items and not very sturdy at all ,  it turns out .
this is not the case ,  and i m a bit disappointed in my purchase .
however ,  mine was only good for num_num months .
i requested a case to fit the galaxy sii ,  this case doesn t fit my phone .
i was looking for a pair of inexpensive computer speakers ,  and had been happy with my previous jbl purchases .
i ordered a pair but after waiting and waiting i went to amazon and tracked them .
i wish i had read the other one star reviews before purchase .
at that rate ,  a $ bag won t last very long .
wow !  suddenly my coffee stopped tasting awful ! in conclusion ,  this grinder should never have been made .
i ve avoided gimicky pans like this in the past ,  but was given this for christmas for my num_extend
at around $ bucks ,  they seemed to be an ok deal .
it doesn t really give you twice long of battery time .
the brush action is irregular ,  causing the brush to bounce off my teeth .
looks good in garbage can ,  might be biodegradable . wow ,  this thing is really bad .
was not what i expected but then again ,  you get what you pay for .
i dont understand how these have gotten such high reviews .
number two is the product has a wierd aftertaste .
i am not particularly sensitive to electronic toys that are very much the  norm  nowadays .
this is made of cheap metal  it just has that thinner than average cheapie look  .
i only purchased this because a friend suggested it .
when it feels too hot ,  you let go of the button and it begins to cool down .
the result is steaks that have been sautted rather than grilled .
i tried adding a bit of soy sauce ,  and a dash or two of chinese five spice .
it also tends to leave a residue in the dish washer .
now i put the case on successfully two or three other times before ,  but this time it snapped .
it gets a little annoying and a hassle after awhile .
i must say ,  i am not totally  wowed  by this product .
so far this num_extend battery doesn t seem to last any longer than my num_extend battery .
voice quality was fine on the num_extend but without an ear hook ,  it did not stay comfortably in place .
this cheap feeling razor requires that the top be disasembelled to change the blade .
if you are just transporting or storing something inexpensive this case is ok .
i bought several num_num and num_extend pots mainly for boiling water for pasta ,  potatoes etc .
it does not fit my num_extend although they said it would .
i ve been though a lot of personal cassette players ,  from the most expensive to low end .
amazon has been num_extend about this and made a full refund for the item .
the only microusb cable i have that does this .
what s the point of a bumper that does not fit ?  terrible .
and i bought two of them ,  no less !  maybe the other one will work ?  i m not holding my breath .
i don t know if this feeder comes in a larger size ,  but if it does ,  i would like one .
i have been taking this product for a long time without complaint .
if you don t care about touchstone support ,  this wont bother num_extend it makes your phone much thicker .
the blade did come sharp and the steel is subpar .
i have this hooked up to my reciever through toslink  optical cable  .
they don t fold together properly to create a handle .
i see a lot of other reviews with this same problem .
there are better alternatives that arent so gutwrenching .
bag of eight o clock hazelnut coffee . i wish i had not done so .
read my review update at the bottom  read my review update at the bottom i m trying to love this filter .
same thing . while this in no way detracts from the product s integrity ,  it does detract from the company s integrity .
but it won t if the plastic is cheap and the workmanship sleazy .
on the bad side ,  these earbuds are very uncomfortable .
i was excited to receive my jetseal num_extend
this is not a terrible product ,  but i had trouble reading the small screen print through it .
if they can t last a maximum of being worn num_num times ,  don t waste your money . poor quality .
i cleaned the screen and let it dry well before attempting .
it is overpriced and the packaging is not convenient .
the material ,  on top of being stiff ,  isn t soft .
so instead ,  i ordered the number one on amazon :  a mr coffee with all the features this one has .
once the coffee was done the smell mellowed a little but still was not appealing .
: dif you like a boomy speakers then get the klipsch .
i m giving these speakers a num_num star only because there are so many num_num star ratings that isn t deserved .
this corkscrew is flawed in several ways :  in spite of its  ergonomic  design ,  it is awkward to use .
it does fit nice so i gave it num_num stars ,  but bad opening for my phone will be costly .
i m going to admit i m a coffee addict but not a starbucks fan .
however i only used it about num_num times before it stopped working completely .
not sure if it is safe to use it .
i purchased this carpet cleaner less than a month ago ,  and have cleaned the carpets only once .
i use this card in my canon num_extend digital slr camera .
this one while looks the same does not perform the same .
it has an odd texture ,  in my opinion .
my shake has num_num grams of carbs including num_num grams of fiber .
the car charger just slowed the draining of my phones battery .
its disappointing because i thought the case was alright ,  except for the buttons are difficult to press .
for me ,  it was the second time i used it .
i will probably get just a blender for this purpose .
ultimately ,  this battery door is more broken than the one i had before hand .
i received this headset loose in a plastic bag ,  along with the instructions and the charger .
this headset was so bulky and it looks very cheap .
after less than a month ,  it s started malfunctioning .
if they do i will revise my review .
pass on spracht and spend your money on brand that shows concern for product quality .
here s what i can do with the num_extend that i can t with the samsung : a .
i would not hear people sometimes and sometimes they will not hear me .
sadly to say ,  this product did not meet my expectations at all .
it s not worth ruining your $ phone for a cheap china made charger .
yuk !  this used to be very nice coffee .
after having done that ,  the unit seemed to work ,  for about num_num minutes .
however ,  this vacuum i am reviewing has proven to be a real bad piece of work .
i was very much looking forward to cleaning my carpets again .
also ,  in white ,  it gets filthy on the outside as well .
rather ,  it rotates num_num degrees sideways and in doing so the fan also changes tilt angles .
it had a little bit of a silky consistency but i had the hardest time blending it in .
this case came in a bubble envelope and when i opened the packaging ,  it was crushed .
i have owned this pot for num_num months .
i used this product years ago ,  and then tried again this past year .
this charger did not work for my samsung sii phone .
i have used several different brands of dry apply screen protectors .
i ve since returned it ,  and ordered new heads for my older norelco .
it is probably very healthy but tastes pretty bad ,  for me .
if you don t know what size it is ,  you don t know if it will fit where you need it .
i will buy another more sophistcicated pda from one of their competitors .
too small to hold your iphone if you have it in any sort of case .
from the minute i received this item ,  i wondered if it would hold up .
i used it only a couple of times .
but i seriously wouldn t pay more than $ for it .
sadly ,  if you purchased all of these pieces individually ,  you d spend less money .
i bought this hoping to be able to install it on my ruger mini num_num target model .
i would have paid a dollar or two more for metal ,  or at least hard plastic ,  buttons .
this item worked for a day before it completely stopped working .
you should be able to get a similar product at half the cost .
i followed the directions on this exactly .  .  .  . nothing .  .  . not even a bud .
so i bought num_num bottles at $ each  free shipping  .
luckily ,  sprint is ordering me a replacement battery .
the only reason i bought this is because it got good reviews .
only buy these headphones if you like pain to go along with your music .
we routinely sharpen our knives and we have several cuts that have gone thru this plastic completely .
so it doesn t matter if you used a dishwasher or by hand . oh ,  and that warranty .
i was so excited because i thought it would last .
when each time i was in my vehicle .
i agree that it can be useful ,  but if you want the real thing look elsewhere .
the blade is extremely sharp; using the blade directly on my head left horrible cuts and scrapes .
this is faster than trying to slice large quanities of veggies with a knife ,  but poorly made .
a large was way too small for me .
don t buy this product because it apparently cheaply made and poor quality .
you d be able to put your iphone and a small set of keys in there probably .
the belkin can run on num_num aaa batteries or off your car s cigarette lighter .
if this  grinder  was ten bucks ,  it would be okay as a decorative item ,  because it s cute .
i wasn t happy with the product after all .
price is based on the webkinz name i think ,  not necessarily on the quality .
so if you want sound amplifying ear muffs ,  these are not the best for that purpose .
my little one is almost num_num now and has had it for num_extend years .
when i ordered this item the facts said the size was medium .
i own for a long time now but hardly use it due to hiss .
so i m not really sure how well it works in the long run .
i purchased this product in num_num at our local costco store .
then it never work again . it really do not work as i wanted . at least it charge my iphone .
it still pops popcorn ,  it just looks like it might have been on fire at some point .
i ve had my orek since num_num without any problems .
this worked fine for the first few weeks ,  and then suddenly broke without warning .
the packaging of this product must not be very good; it seems to have leaked through .
i have not gotten around to returning the charger yet .
i like them ,  but they are not miracle tweezers .
i dislike writing negative reviews ,  but this fell way ,  way beneath my expectations .
extremely long i thought it would be a much better quality .
i installed the software on a window num_num laptop and made the connection to this bluetooth device .
i ordered this from amazon ,  not amazon market place .
they are not splinters .  .  .  . not even close to that thick or hard .
it seems to either work very well or very poorly .
it looked and felt like a cheap presto product for num_num times the price .
the exact feel i do not want in a phone case .
mine never went bad ,  but i left it plugged in all the time .
this is basically a very cheap plastic case .
this only uses weight to keep the lid down .
i couldn t tell a difference after using this .
press num_num and it will cook at num_num degrees .
also ,  it s white ,  so it shows dirt and grime very quickly as you wash .
but i am planning to get one with num_num inch smaller waist .
heavy cable that i use to hook up my laptop to a hdtv .
unfortunately it won t work with the power cord if the batteries are dead .
before you begin judging my num_extend collection ,  i am an audiophile .
but the cord of the phone is too small .
this company needs to invest more into quality materials and better designs that are more functional .
i ve searched the customer reviews and this problem is not isolated to me .
they all smell pretty much the same to me ,  even different brands .
i did not abuse it ,  i was rather gentle .
you would be much better off with a halogen bicycle light which would provide much better illumination .
save up and buy a better quality piece of glass .
it is less salty that the ham spread as one other reviewer mentioned .
i did not get the headphones that are pictured with white ,  black and blue on sides .
if you want better protection ,  there are much better items on amazon .
at $ i mistakenly assumed it would be a decent sized can .
doesn t improve grip all that much because the back and finger grip areas are smooth ,  not textured .
i expected a little better keith am opi product .
the first set of phones that she used lasted about a year before breaking down .
at the price and promotion of these phones ,  much is left to be desired .
the material is not covering the hard plastic of the back .
it was too small so i ordered a size num_extend
the coffee tastes very  instant  ,  and in my opinion ,  is not worth it .
after purchase ,  i checked amazon and saw the reviews and figured it would not last .
the head bulky and charge time is significantly slower than other chargers .
some heard the echo worse than the others ,  but all heard it .
the material is very thick in certain areas and too thin in others .
also the material rubs and scratches the skin not pleasant .
we had the phone for about num_num months before i threw it away .
to add insult to injury ,  the price i paid is way out of line .
after i ordered it i looked at the reviews and realized someone else said the same thing .
i remember my mother s toaster costing pennies and living for years .
sharp enough to cut some paracord with some effort but by most standards dull .
when it appeared to be charged ,  i swapped the battery out and found it was really only % charged .
the place where phone is clutched on side is same spot power button is .
also ,  as a larger guy ,  i felt a little like a sausage .
i ordered the motorola num_extend as a replacement .
the screen protector does not cover my whole front view of my phone .
i was expecting a little better quality out of this shoe ,  even at the cheaper price .
i bought the linksys num_extend num_extend router to replace an old linksys num_extend that i d borrowed from work .
it also does not really feel different than sitting in a chair .
i guess that explains the good deal i got on the price ,  they probably can t give this stuff away .
at least these didn t cost me too much  :   .
for what they are charging for these ,  they could be of better quality .
save some money and buy the store brand for num_num cents on sale at ralph s market .
disappointed . i think it might have been old with a dead battery .
the rubber seems too soft and pliable and does not stay in place .
this either doesn t charge ,  or charges so sloooowww ,  that i can t tell .
i was very excited when i found it online but after i reviewed it i am very disappointed .
the buttons are mushy and feel poorly engineered .
but the case wasvery rough on my phone .
i am returning this mostly because it was thicker that i was envisioning .
i have been using this for several months and i see no difference at all .
it could have been really cool but it wasn t ,  and for the money i spent i would expect more .
and this is after flashing the unit with the latest firmware .
i had a stuck case in a rcbs num_extend die and bought this to get the case out .
the fit was barely ok with some looseness on the top .
this is ridiculous for this to have happened with the multitude of packaging materials available .
i cannot overstate how dinky this ring is .
the wallet is leather outside and plastic inside .
the milk container is so small we refer to it as the creamer .
i don t like to write bad reviews but i must on this one .
i read the reviews ,  saw the bad ones but still figured i d give it a try .
so amazon quickly sent a return label and i returned it and ordered another .
i don t know why i bought it in the first place .
should be easier to install they go on easy part way thenstop have problegeting all the way on .
i wear a num_num and ordered a num_num and an num_extend based apon others reviews .
this item was definitely not worth the price .
we ve had it for over a year and have dealt with increasing problems .
this means that you have to grip the blade to pull the knife out .
i was buying these for my num_extend old dad .
i had the bright idea to fix my daughter s shattered new generation ipod touch myself to save some money .
they look nice but for me ,  they just won t work .
it s made of reinforced plastic ,  so you basically need talons to rip it open .
there were a number of things i did not like about this coffee .
i only use them between num_num and num_num hours per week .
i turn it over ,  it feel s not rough as the other side .
not sure that it does what it is supposed to .
i don t know if its the cable or maybe i need something stronger to boost the tv signals .
i was not happy with the results with this .
this doesn t happen with other micro usb cables that i ve used .
unless you are getting this as a pretty gift ,  it s not worth it .
the computer cable got knocked out but the computer was ok .
i was replacing a grinder that had given me many years of service with one issue ,  static .
i have used this in the area of my litter box .
and kind of  tinny  ,  the stainless steel is very thin .
after a few weeks of daily use its almost gone .
but that s not the only reason i gave it just num_num stars .
a side note; this is very cheaply made .
i don t have a big head ,  but it s not small ,  either .
fresh battery didn t help . fortunately ,  i ve another ,  plus a korg and an two intellitouch .
i have had num_num of these now ,  of differing design .
it felt kind of cheap and it was pretty difficult to put together .
after a couple of weeks using this ,  my phone kept saying that it wasn t compatible with this charging device .
it is not at all as easy to use nor is it as boyant as one would think .
these knives are not your typical henkels knives .
i guess i got what i paid for .  .  . so buyer beware .
i expected better ! frankly ,  i bought a $ cheap kvm from china off ebay num_num years ago that works better .
oz ,  he had this product on his show several times  pgx  ,  so i decided to try it .
it is way too small even after i bought a size bigger than i normally would .
this product arrived in a timely matter but it did not work .
however after i inflated it fully i thought that it looked smaller than a num_extend ball i had before .
when i ordered this item ,  i thought it would be durable ,  at least .
my complaint is that most of them were broken when i received my shipment .
otherwise it seems like a ok ,  low quality knife .
this is the third ghee i have tried off of amazon .
wanted to protect my expensive bike but this thing is def too heavy .  .  .  .  .  . but i guess it s ok for motorcycle ,  ,  ,  .
any num_extend owner needs to put a case on their phone due to the antenna problem .
came off my phone in just a few days .
i could have sewn something more sturdy than this and i have all the finesse of a butcher . avoid .
or maybe it will help you lose weight if your choice is to eat this or nothing .
i washed and rinsed them in the shower after .
needless to say ,  i ll be getting a different unit .
and save box that was open and falling apart when i received it .
however ,  the taste of it is not worth giving up num_num calories .
used the old model num_extend for years with no problem .
i swapped out the batteries with fresh ones ,  but no dice .
it doesn t go to the phone that it had displayed on the picture .
i can even see the small bubbles where it didn t seal all the way .
receive very fast ,  they where where very cheap ,  however i have not use them yet .
they hurt !  !  bottom line is this particular set of headphones is extremely poor quality merchandise !  !  !  do not buy !  !  !  .
i needed it for a num_num pin application not as a typical vga cable .
it really doesn t get what i would describe as anything close to hot .
i did not need a full size back pack .
placed num_num tablespoons of coffee and num_num oz of cooled down boiled water .
and it was less than ten dollars for num_num oz .
it doesn t seem defective as no parts are bent or missing as far as i can tell .
i didn t pay a lot for it ,  around $ and it lasted about num_num months .
but the real disappointment came when the product broke after a use of a month and a half .
no more cheap crappy one like you get at the store .
i know it was only $ but i can find better .
they seem to be a heavier duty design .
it does have a smell although it s not terrible .
i purchased this item for my iphon num_num earlier in the year .
just cook some chicken and cut it up in small pieces .
it came and did not look like the picture .
i received num_num slotted spoon and num_num spatula .
set adapter to identical specs as the adapter i was trying to duplicate .
i didn t expect much from this product ,  except for it to hold water .
maybe i ll gift them to someone else that likes them .
after trying several different brands of coffee beans decided i d try an old fashioned coffee pot .
i ve since bought a replacement back for the phone .  .  .  . but i threw away the case .
which by the way becomes costly if purchased individually .
would not recommend unless you want to replace every year .
i have other bladed tools that are even older .
currently ,  i use pamela s baking mix for pancakes ,  choc chip cookies ,  banana bread .
cheap case not made of good material ,  the thin side of the top piece broke .
this is not a bright pretty red polka dot case .
also ,  the elastic doesn t eat away at my edges when wearing it like this .
on my larger scissors ,  it seemed to make gouges .
i wish it was taller ,  thicker ,  and not as long .
the heat this unit puts out is minimal .
it badly fits in the hands ,  it unsteady and cumbersome to operate .
i replaced one with the same brand and size which i had used for many years without splinter problem .
if the replacement breaks ,  i m going to bite the bullet and buy a perfex .
don t expect to get more than you pay for on this one ,  imho .
there s nothing  wrong  with this product ,  but i ll tell ya .  .  . it s small ,  too small for most uses .
the ipod snaps in relatively easily but the edges hug too close and tightly to the screen .
ordered this hoping to fix my iphone num_num camera and i got the first one  didn t work  .
maybe it s too  automatic  . meanwhile ,  my tiny grinder $ braun  is still working after num_num years .
i would give it num_num stars if i could .
i wanted a air brush styler so i could do my hair faster once i have washed and conditioned .
would definitely not recommend purchasing without considering other sources first .
the serving size is num_num chips at num_num calories .
does not look the same in color shape or size .
now i m not sure if it is still working at all .
so ,  i decided to check it out on the num_extend
the light flashed off and on and it didnt get hot .
maybe i just need more detailed instructions ,  but the printed ones that are included do not explain very much .
my first num_num worked great and then the battery wouldn t hold a charge .
i wish i had read these reviews before buying mine .
hey ,  i don t always wear a shirt with pockets .
sometimes stray colors get splattered on the image .
when i recieved it ,  i saw it was made in china .
i bought this thinking it seemed too good to be true .
it is so small as to be of little use .
i was hoping to be pleasantly surprised by an inexpensive product ,  but of course ,  that rarely happens .
possible cause ,  the chocolate was old or exposed to heat .
i sent it back the same day i bought it .
my joints don t hurt as much ,  but i do notice that my lower back is less flexible .
i could have added the wireless network router to my existing setup .
it has poor quality sound so its hard to play the game .
you need to advise people to order num_num size bigger .
this charger actually charged the phone num_num times and then just stopped charging .
i bought this pannini press less than num_num months ago .
i don t think i ve ever thought so low of a toy before .
the phone is usable ,  but frustrating to use in my opinion .
i was expecting a better taste but didn t get that from this product .
we have had it for about num_num months now .
do not buy it for more than num_num dollars !  its just not worth it .
i have purchased other rago products with pleasure ,  however ,  this one doesn t do the job .
i never use it any more and just bought num_extend instead .
i won t go into reviewing this game very long so i ll make it short .
these are the first thing i used after i got my keurig ,  and man was a dissapointed .
mine worked great for num_num months with my imac ,  network and peripherals ,  then it died .
if you have a heavy hand ,  no worries .
playdoh really is non toxic ,  doesn t stain ,  and you just sweep up the dried crumbs .
it often doesn t show devices which i know are connected ,  because i can address them .
also ,  this headset didn t manage background noise well as i often had complaints .
the only thing i like about it is that it s bagless .  .  . but that s the first drawback .
am now looking for a better model as a replacement .
i ordered this iphone doc to replace one i currently have .
earbuds are probably better becauseallthe sound goes into your ear and none of it is lost .
the price was too high vs the product you get ,  not to mention the short life span .
anyone want them for half price ,  including a bunch of new filters ?  ?  .
when it arrived ,  i could not believe how cheap it looked .
i only became interested in num_extend when people started talking about it like it was the second coming .
it isn t an ipad  no cameras or bt  ,  and it s half the price .
secondly it does not charge my phone when connected to a computer or a usb car adapter .
she likes it but it is not good for her .
ditto with the broiling option . the electronic beeping noise at the end of the timer is loud .
the worst aspect of the phone is the poor battery life .
makes it hard to get in and out of your pocket .
i am not an audiophile ,  but i do care about the sound i hear .
bad fit ,  too large and i ordered the smallest size .
chalk this review up in the  get what you pay for category  . i bought num_num of these .
i would buy this if it always worked ,  but it doesn t .
this spout on this funnel is not round or oval .
it was not that bad but it is not appealing .
of all my buying experiences from amazon . com ,  this has been the only one that disappointed me .
maybe i just got one from a bad batch ,  but this product didn t work right out of the box .
it was an impulse buy and i should have checked amazons review first .
due to cheap design ,  you can t use this to charge two smartphones at the same time  ie .
i say a little because i spent a little ,  so expectations weren t high .
it won t snap on the sides ,  binding in the back so it won t work right .
also ,  the sound quality is muffled and is not stereo quality .
by num_extend am every morning ,  the mattress was considerably softer  less air  than the night before .
they say this accessory is not supported everytime i plug it in .
he can hear them ,  but the mic on this item gave out .
but ,  i decided to purchase this on a whim for the convenience of having a smaller appliance .
not as described returned classic num_extend that i purchased from a retail store was was of heavier weightproduct thanks .
i cleaned out the filter compartment and the filter ,  every time i used it .
they are the only product in this pack that i continued to buy afterward .
does not split the sound ,  just gives different weird scratchy sounds to headphones .
it may only be a dollar and change ,  but it s still not worth it !  !  .
you have to peel the garlic ,  and clean it out after every couple of cloves .
if i could give this product num_num stars i would .
i replaced a very old splitter to improve the signal to my tv and cable modem .
they only reason i give it num_num stars is that it is comfortable around my head .
maybe they would be good for a c cup but that would be it .
not one that you could bring down hard on a resting surface and expect it not to break .
bought for a num_num jeep grand cherokee key .
until i saw the other reviews i thought maybe this was a freak occurrence .  .  .  . i see that is not true .
i am not a fan of this particular product .
i ve been using pdas for over num_num years and smartphones since they showed up almost a decade ago .
fortunately ,  i got this from prime so it s going back at amazon s cost .
the coffee just doesn t taste the same as i make in my home coffee maker .
bottom line is ,  for the price i paid for this ,  i m not surprised it didn t last .
i was excited to get these for our lab puppy especially since they re usually so expensive .
for the price i payed for this knife ,  i was better off with the buck num_extend
yes ,  i am going through an audio receiver .
company responded to my complaint and promptly sent a free replacement .
the bad side :  the battery is not what is claimed .
just as the title states ,  you only get what you pay for .
other than just keeping the water running ,  it is a pain to clean and maintain .
i would not recommend this product to anyone ,  despite the positive reviews others have left .
i have owned it for almost num_extend years now . i will break this down step by step : installation : couldn t be easier .
i ve owned $ earphones that were far better in audio quality . the next problem was pairing .
for a system with a num_extend you would think that e . a .
these colors are not very pigmented at all .
i should have expected to get what i paid for .
i purchased this fobus holster for my glock num_num to replace my blackhawk serpa holster .
these shoes were made for extremely small feet .
it tastes less sweet ,  but with more calories per serving .
i use my stone for pizzas ,  breads ,  french fries ,  and other such items .
my green num_extend wd drives have been running for a few months without any problems so far .
i just used it for the first time yesterday .
it doesn t have the feel of a lotion .
i can t seem to find one that s suited for any situatuion .
that is not acceptable when i am paying good money for this product .
i ve had this food processor for not quite num_num months .
id say purchase a cheaper product like this .
besides being too large ,  they were an awful fit .
you definitely get what you pay for in these situations . i discourage anyone from buying these headphones .
the phone normally warns people when the battery gets low .
the water flushes through quickly resulting in a weak cup of tea .
i then noticed it had a completely different taste .
i immediately put it in the dishwasher with mild detergent  no phosphates ,  no water problems  .
from the description of the toy ,  you d think that s what this was .
but when i put these on my ears ,  they are very lose .
these usb devices are  trickle  chargers and do not work very well in my humble opinion .
i cannot say that it has done anything and will not be buying this product again .
the back strap is thin and stretches easily ,  and the front part just wasn t comfortable .
don t buy this !  while it sounds great ,  it will break with normal use after a short while .
there simply isn t a problem in this aspect of all .
unlike other contact grills ,  this one does not seem to get very hot .
my wife and i both purchased the num_extend on suggestion from a verizon rep with our new phones .
still didn t work good with the iphone num_num which is what it is advertised for .
when i ordered the senseo coffee maker ,  i decided to buy also my coffee packs from amazon .
both devices are hard wired with cat num_num cable .
i smelled it first ,  noticing that it lacked a standard coffee scent .
i have been wearing num_extend for a couple of years now .
the problems arose while i was actually using it though .
the quality of the photos are acceptable but using the camera is often a nightmare .
they email me back stating that if my old num_extend worked ,  then my new num_extend should work as well .
overall there isn t much i like about this product .
i have a small bathroom with zero counter space .
i actually don t hate this product ,  the problem is ,  it s totally pointless and actually bad for your candida problem .
i returned it with no problem from amazon .
i had to screw off the lid and glob it into my hand to use it .
the company should charge more to add num_extend
i guess the graphics are the best thing ,  but even they aren t anything all that special .
i purchased this launcher for my num_num year old son june num_extend
if you want to ruin the edge on your knives instantly use glass ,  granite ,  tile or any hard surface .
it was % cheaper than the other two ,  but ,  it just seemed off .
from the description ,  i was looking forward to its arrival . it came this morning .
this thing looks great ,  but it just didn t stick ,  so it wasn t very useful .
i wouldn t say that i seek out to have things in this scent ,  but it wasn t unpleasant either .
ok ,  bought this model because it was the cheapest burr grinder i could find .
first ,  i m light to medium complexion so this is too light on me .
it is olympus quality is seriously lacking for such a costly piece of equipment .
the battery didnt work and i tried charging overnight ,  etc .
everything was so small ,  especially the plates and cups .
it s now time to replace this  most used knife in the kitchen  .
i borrowed some of the info in this review from another amazon . com customer review on the smaller heater .
the plastic is very cheap and i was hoping nothing would crack when i was assembling it .
i also had trouble with oxo s stainless steel cups .
i charged it to full ,  unplugged ,  and within two hours it was down to %
in this case ,  you get what you pay for .
and that was with using num_num packets per cup .
i haven t tried it on lettuce leaf yet .
on my num_extend frame ,  apparently one size does not fit all .
my phone makes most speakers chirp a little ,  but these things belch out the interference at heretofore unheard volumes .
i bought this and it did not work anything like it was hyped to be .
i tried the radio with a short num_num foot wire attached to the whip antenna .
i have not been able to figure out why .
i had this bluetooth for a week ,  then i started having issues .
so this broadhead is better then those slip on ,  but i m not sure rubber is the way to go .
but the main issue is that the bluetooth range of this headset is very poor .
i conatcted amazon and they had me return them and they will credit my account .
i received mine as a gift ,  so i have no idea where my friend bought this product .
i just didn t know it d be so short .
when any thing hit the lid ,  it would come off and you would have to hold it on .
it s made of cheap thin plastic with teensy connectors to bring both halves together .
ok ,  i purchased this hose on july num_extend num_extend
very disappointed after reading all the good reviews .
i called customer service and they sent a replacement .
i couldn t get these to expand long enough to get into my ears comfortably .
i do like the knife but the sheath with mine is horrible .
this product is way over priced considering it s about num_num cents worth of plastic .
after going on my treadmill for num_num mins .
a lot of people have given this item favorable reviews ,  but in my opinion it doesn t deserve it .
might work for others but not for me and that s ok .
make no mistake ,  you do not have to bang the glass against anything for it to break .
for a medium roast i expected at least a coffee taste .
this is an edited review : when i purchased this product ,  i wrote a num_num star review .
it brewed quickly ,  smelled choclately  !  ,  and tasted as i expected it should .
it broke within two weeks of placing it on my phone and was overall a disappointing buy .
after reading consumer reports ,  i bought one from amazon .
sound quality was not as good as the sony .
i was really excited to see this $ flat iron on sale for $
i will follow up with you as soon as i get more information .  update :  may num_extend num_extend
as an ipod junkie and nascent audiophile ,  i wanted some new  phones for walking around ,  etc .
the teakettle works fine ,  but the whistler leaves a bit to be desired .
the cheap dollar store openers work better than this one did for me ,  so i did return it .
hard ,  not soft and chewy like it should be .
my son was about num_num when we got this ,  now he s num_extend
again ,  this appears due to the  dual  blade feature .
but i wish that i didn t get a crappy product .
second ,  it doesn t sit open in your purse the way it does in the picture .
some colors do not have this design and some do .
i have put new batteries in ,  turned on and off ,  nothing .
it s dry wood . you get what you pay for . a cheap cutting board .
this battery lasts about half as long as the original nikon battery than came with my camera .
this was shredded in less than num_num minutes .
based on these good reviews we sent ours back to dyson .
when i put it on ,  it fit so wrong .
interestingly ,  this headset does not fit small heads .
the pleather just flaked off and the belt strap pulled off so easily .
these gloves don t give when trying to put them on .
probably great in typical sizes ,  but useless if you re outside the norm .
i am returning it for a full refund .
so again works good on the sound input but poorly with cord input .
i used it for over num_num weeks never missing a day .
i have owned this blender for num_num years and have always been frustrated with it .
i wanted something that was cheap ,  and that is what i got .
wish i would have read the reviews first .
unfortunately ,  even if that works ,  it s going to make an already thick phone  with the num_extend battery  even thinker .
we returned it and bought another one ,  hopefully the mailmen are nicer to boxes .
when it springs back you get a gash on the tip of your thumb .
problem might be too much flexibility ,  too soft ,  and the  t  part of the blade itself .
however ,  it does not push much air even on high speed .
it is hard to open the little flaps for the charger .
oh ,  also ,  it doesn t keep the coffee hot for long .
very hard to get a part to install on the phone and even harder with the phone it it .
well .  .  .  . i read many of the bad reviews and thought  it can t be that bad  .
i do programming ,  so i need real quick response like wired intelli mouse explorer .
but ,  at the very least ,  know you are not getting a dirt devil product despite the product title .
it appears there are at least num_num different companies selling these .
had that been the case ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
personally ,  i wouldn t have gone with this item because ,  well ,  it s bulky and looks like cheap plastic .
doesn t fit in a regular sized pants pocket .
i tried useing it a couple of times and then went and bought a bluetooth .
i actually do like it but hate the fact that it breaks me out .
i use this cup for making salad dressing .
the corded one is basically everything this isnt .
for whatever reason the shoes  clearly marked size num_extend fit more like size num_extend
i am an audiophile ,  i have num_num pairs of headphones .
i tried this from my local grocery store .
it can t fix something that has a poor design .
may be good for some users ,  but didn t work for me .
it continues to grind until the whole container is full and that makes the coffee way too strong .
i ve now possessed two of this model of headset ,  and both have failed .
this thing only lasted a couple of months .
it s available for much cheaper elsewhere ,  as other commenters have said .
so if you have a somewhat larger head i would not suggest these headphones .
the company i purchased from said they would be glad to give me a refund if i returned it .
it s not a horrible battery but didn t last more than the oam and the last % drains so fast .
and the dirt cup is not what you might call large .
now is supposed to be a healthier brand compared to other brands .
it is very noisy ,  but that s not why .
the waffles were almost burned in some places and barely brown in others .
this is one of my most disappointing purchases from amazon . com .
i was also expecting a much quicker response from this unit .
and my face is very dry after using it .
i wanted to use these to read and use a laptop in bed without torquing my neck .
this is not what i would expect of an expensive product .
but when it arrived ,  it looked and felt cheap .
it seems like there is a short in it somewhere .
they claim to be cushioned and have a comfort blend .  .  .  . no way .
at the $ price they are not the worst deal and you might like them .
i m still not sold on it s functionality though .
it arrived on time and that was the only satisfaction i received from this purchase .
i really wanted it to work ,  but it did a very poor job .
i ordered this and a different product arrived instead .
nothing against this product it is exactly as described .
i have installed i don t know how many screen covers over the years .
a pity that what was a very useful brand has become so chinzy .
i was trying to do a low carb diet but was missing my salty snacks with crunch .
sometimes it works fine ,  but then other times ,  either i can t hear the caller or they cant hear me .
i was looking for head phones with a usb connection to use with dragon .
that s what you get for the price i guess .
it needs to be plugged into an auxiliary jack in order to work .
the item was clean ,  but seemed to have been used .
sometimes ,  after resetting to off ,  i found that it began to run .
so it obviously was some fault in my old cell phone .
it does not well on tiled or carpeted floor .
this is supposed to have a very loud ring .
also ,  if it gets onto any fabric or surface ,  it can stain .
it was clearly cut poorly and when i had it on ,  it kept popping my screen protector up .
you shouldn t pay more than num_num bucks for this .
ill update my review after i speak with customer service for some advice or new piece .
i ve only had it num_num day ,  but the juice was great ,  and the pulp was very dry .
uncomfortably small even though i ordered a size up .
i thought i was getting something good for my cat ,  but she won t eat it .
this isn t even worth half as much as it costs .
sometimes it charges and other times it doesn t .
i wish it had a screen protector with it .
these arrived dented even though they were well protected .
the only ones that really work are sold directly in verizon stores .
the big problem is that it is uncompatible with my cell phone .
i would have liked it to be num_extend
save your money or look elsewhere ,  these headphones are not what you want .
i don t think i ll be buying this again .
the juice you do get out is full of pulp ,  not well strained .
burns my food every time ,  may be useful for other types of cooking ,  .
they are not fat and meaty kind of wide feet; i am a skinny person .
admittedly ,  have only used once to make waffles ,  which came out fine .
however ,  i have very petite ,  thin ears ,  so i thought i would be able to wear them .
it doesn t smell bad and you don t need much of it .
i can see why it should be cooked soft . i really wanted to like this cereal but i don t .
also i found the button placement to be awkward .
doesnt stay clipped to my belt ,  falls off easy .
i ve tried using a microfiber and terry cloth towel .
i have thick ,  oily hair and was incredibly excited to try this product ,  but underwhelmed with the results .
do these things work ?  either the ones i received are defective or it s a highly overrated product .
then you can disconnect it ,  turn it on and it becomes a tiny wireless hotspot .
from previous reviews i was expecting something that was of a bit better quality .
i tried this headset ,  the motorola num_extend and kept the plantronics back beat go num_extend
i ve owned it for num_num months and it has only been used num_num of those months .
the mug is plastic inside  i thought it was stainless as advertised  .
this supplier is not of the quality i have been use to ordering through amazon .
i connected the ipod to a cassette adapter through the ipod s headset connector .
i am working to sight his in but noticed that the laser can turn off intermittently .
we had been using a more expensive product  with a different active ingredient  that was working well .
the instructions say to wash thoroughly after ,  so into the shower they went .
this blender replaced a sunbeam i had for num_num years .
i guess like everything now ,  if it s made in china ,  it s hit or miss .
i decided to make some zucchini  noodles  with it .
shortly after i got this cord ,  it went out .
and they do all look like they work much in the same manner . but this .
it s not a big deal for me ,  just something i thought i should mention .
if you dont mind having not so great bass and heavy sound then you would like these .
it contains no soy and has given me no problems whatsoever .
so i first ordered another plantronics num_extend that was decently reviewed on amazon .
it just stopped brewing right in the middle of a pot of coffee .
honestly ,  it s more aggravating than the money you waste on it .
once again ,  this case will not work with the phone i have .
everything sticks and it is difficult to get clean .
because of that i bought the one with no handle .
would be curious if the more expensive units including the num_extend are better ,  but i cannot recommend this one .
not ute ,  looks very cheap ,  the plastic looks awful .
do your face a favor ,  add few dollars more and buy a better product .
otherwise ,  it just seems like a design flaw .
i am still using ,  but not what i expected .
if that is how it is supposed to sound ,  it s terrible .
i bought three different tpu cases for the lg num_extend
before i got this ,  i got a samsung slider phone that was difficult to text .
i wasn t expecting super quality but these are below par .
just looking at it ,  you can see that it was done in a hurry .
one is a hard plastic model ,  which is extremely inflexible .
i had no problems with this product until my phone started acting funny .
sometimes when the phone is in my pocket it does not work clearly .
if the popcorn wasn t stale it would probably be quite tasty .
it did not seem to be made of the greatest cuts of meat .  .  . pretty cheap stuff .
this product does not live up to its name .
i gave it to my dog and she had it ripped to pieces in about num_num seconds .
it s less carbonation than those but has as much sugar or more than a can of soda .
i found this coffee drink to be extremely bitter and not nearly sweet enough .
i ordered these in my size and they were considerably smaller than a size num_num should be .
i m sure there are some better one s out there than these . you get what you pay for .
i recently had to replace one of these under warranty .
they sound the same as the factory ones i took out ,  pretty much .
i do not like the price ,  it os overpriced .
i ve probably used them less then a dozen times .
so yeah .  .  . the drive was fine while it was working ,  but one year later and it seems to be busted .
i tried this brand out ,  but there has to be something better out there .
if you want an inexpensive set ,  they sound ok .
it doesn t last very long ,  even when i set it with powder .
i received my package and tried to put the case onto my samsung galaxy num_extend
it is an aftermarket product that is not very sturdy .
the earlier reviews about this  new  battery not holding a charge were spot on .
this was too big ,  heavy and bulky for me .
the picture quality is decent ,  low light is horrible ,  but that much is expected for the price .
i purchased a stand identical for less than a dollar .
i ve eaten hot dogs that have less calories and fat than that .
i was so excited for this warm coat ,  but it was just way too big .
certainly not worth the money i paid for it .
sorry amazon but even your sale price of $ isn t enough to tempt me .
very small ,  looks cheap .  .  . now i know why it was on sale .
i had to get an extension cord to plug it in .
i am not usually one to write bad product reviews .
i think it is poorly manufactured and not worth even this relatively low price of under $
i have a very very old meat thermometer that is more reliable than this piece of junk .
after reading other reviews here that seemed to confirm my guess ,  i searched online for the part .
not only that when i received it the item wasn t as pictured .
they are hard as a rock and i think ,  too sharp .
i wasn t looking for high end cutlery ,  just a cheap but well made set of knives .
you can also transfer it to another car if needed with little effort .
i m not sure what i would think if it wasn t so watered down and musky .
its just small ,  looks like a toy ,  not kids piano .
once you choose the stencil to use ,  they are flimsy ,  awkward and clumsy to work with .
the sound is what really drove me crazy .
the belt is actually not made of rubber like most belts .
i was charging my factory battery num_num to num_num times throughout the day to keep it going .
i think they are worth about $ less than i bought them for .
i received this belt thinking it was a leather belt ,  as the picture seems to show .
try and avoid having your num_num and power supply on the carpet or areas where there is little airflow .
you get what you pay for and the price is cheap and so was the wallet .
at least on my head ,  these headphones really squeeze tightly ,  to the point that they were giving me headaches .
maybe it works for time ,  cheap quality and cheap price .
battery power will actually go down if i m using it while it s plugged in .
not a bad case just not well made .
the concept is great ,  but the quality is poor .
i looked at the reviews before buying this set and noticed a few people said it was poor quality .
i guess i have a new pair of period pants .
it feels slightly thick but it goes on and feels just like water .
supposedly you only have to change the brita filters after num_num gallons ,  about every two months .
the can opener is hard to use ,  especially when using a tall can .
picture of item suggests a way of attaching to phone ,  but that is misleading .
get a better one .  .  . and try going to store and trying it out first .
the pizza is too small and the toppings are too close together .
i thought this product was exactly what i was looking for ,  but it does not serve its purpose .
it doesn t stay on like some others i ve tried in different brands .
this toy barely spins !  it is made of cheap plastic that can break ,  causing a choking hazard .
while this is called a num_num inch spatula ,  that num_num inches includes the handle .
i have bought num_num of these in a num_num month period num_num bucks num_num each and both broke .
i purchased this product ,  but was concerned about all the negative reviews .
giving it a num_num may be a bit unfair; a num_extend would be about right .
no heat control ,  burned popcorn . a few of the kernels were perfect .
got the inexpensive wires to fin that will not work with my ipad num_extend
something about the flavor just wasn t right ,  for me .
this back pack is ok ,  but i would not buy it again . pros :  big .
the product i received was labeled as such .
the net of the matter is this :  i don t use the battery cover any more .
as for the noise reduction ,  it s not what you d expect .
after it arrived ,  i took it out of the box .
i m one of those people that ends up buying things in hope they will work ,  they get let down .
i had one of these and paid way to much for it .
been using this for awhile now because i refuse to waste it .
i would have given it num_num stars if i could .
i ve already baked at least half a dozen cakes in it ,  and not one has stuck .
i ll let you know .  .  . that is if i outlast the batteries .
since almost all of the calories in this snack come from sugar ,  that was no shock to me .
i did fit these with nic out filter which helped ease the harshness  but not the smell  some .
so you can t charge num_num iphones at full num_extend
the charging circuit for the plus does not work ,  however i can charge my iphone through the plus .
i was looking forward to this game due to the great reviews .
if the quality was good ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i guess you really do get what you pay for .
this product is not one of their better items .
if you run anything that needs a constant connection  mirc , online radio , web cams  this router isn t it .
the extenders are made of metal with rubber grips ,  so there s no slipping .
when you first turn it on ,  it does get less loud then it gets louder .
generally ,  i purchase cheap products on amazon ,  and i usually don t have any problems with generics .
there is no way this knife is worth the $ retail price .
i can see by the other reviews that they have had success with the product ,  but we have not .
it just hasn t held up well over the years .
this is cute but material is low quality .
only by pulling on it really hard to accomodate your ear ,  and then they are painful .
a hassle to reset  heat in pot on stove  .
i purchased these as blue but they are black not blue .
they used to be one of the best and now i will not purchase this item again .
and it s a tiny can for nearly a dollar !  sorry ,  it s not worth it .
pictures also came out too dark for a camera with a flash .
save yourself the disappointment and go for that one .
i think i m going to spend a little more next time .
i ordered it because i need tools for disassembling my firearms .
i have not received this product as of this day .
but can t complain too much it was super cheap .
so heavy ,  in fact ,  that i have not used it so far .
i thought the taste was somewhat similar to dr .
i don t typically have this issue ,  as i m on the smaller side .
it is intimated that these connectors prevent that .
but this rice ,  in addition to tasting awful ,  is just soaked in grease .
i don t have a problem with the battery requirement since the car comes with a reachargeable battery .
bitter and burnt tasting as with most starbucks coffees .
it fit ok at the waist ,  but way overly baggy in the seat and thigh .
i was looking for a rich dark red as shown .
if you have to use a num_num oz .
i m going to try the euro cuisine greek yogurt maker instead .
now im at the point where i have almost no symptoms .
the handle is thin and feels a little awkward .
if you have an iphone num_extend don t waste your money .
it doesn t irritate my neck because my skin isn t as sensitive there .
use cardboard or some paper grocery bags to clean on !  .
i put on in closet that is unfunished where i can see the beams and rafter have my traps .
but it was given to me with a water damaged battery .
the description is somewhat deceptive as the purchaser assumes it is a new product .
that s not the way i want to start a review about a product that seemed to offer some promise .
i immediately sent a request for a return thru amazon .
i ask one of this used item nv and it arrived me with damage or bad .
its not a bad smell just not vanilla .
these things dont even go up to my crotch and im not that tall .
i wouldn t recommend buying this case as it does not provide enough protection for the screen .
the only positive about the speaker ,  is its  low profile and ability to visually blend with your system .
and at low speeds you can hear the fan blades knocking which kept me up at night .
something about all their coffees results in a weak flavor and a bad aftertaste .
i can not recommend these if you like the clarity of your iphone .
for the advertised price ,  you could purchase a better rated kit .
so not terrible ,  but not all that num_extend
wish i could give num_num different ratings for this product .
if you try to put it in for a few more seconds ,  it becomes way too hot .
i cant bring myself to use it again .
after reading al the reviews ,  i tried this product and do not like the consistency .
i wish i had paid more attention when first noticing this .
i don t plan on buying this product again .
i don t understand how all the other reviewers had such positive experiences with theirs .
my advice ,  spend more money for a better product .
i had read reviews about the sizing of this product and thought i should size down instead of up .
i tried it and felt a sugar shock coming on ,  with not much taste .
came with additional ear gels that i could not figure out how to use to save my soul .
i tried it on pans and then on my compost bucket but abandoned it .
i was very excited to use them for the first time .
i strongly suggested staying away from this product if you can afford a better product ,  search the internet .
i did not have to pay shipping to return the phone .
shoes were still about a half size too small .
at first i thought it might be too hot to use but it wasn t .
i bought this for my husband for a gift and num_num months later ,  it is falling apart .
i don t know why ,  somehow i remain convinced that it should work .
im going to keep trying it though for another month ,  and see if anything happens .
it seems to have a less than quality look about it .
it looks like apple s bumpers ,  but it s hard ,  shiny plastic .
however .  .  . the num_extend should have enough juice to fully charge my razr at least num_num times ,  if not more .
i was so disappointed . that said ,  i called grady s online who is the vendor that was selling this through amazon .
i used it about num_num times so far and nothing has improved .
it is also kind of hard to operate the buttons for small hands .
you can use the jack on the ipod for headphones and volume control it does feel a little cheesey .
a much better buy would be the sony charger with worldwide voltage and for num_num dollars less .
i dislike this product because it gets no volume !  it sounds plenty realistic but it isnt loud at all .
it will not work . the size of the unit was good .
i ve owned multiple hoya uv filters including uv c  and num_extend
even more difficult ! i should have figured by the price it was too good to be true .
i think they re better than num_num star ,  but not much .
i m usually optimistic in my reviews of things but this was so cheap .
this is a trapizodial box with a zipper top .
all the chargers it was suppose to replace is probably lighter than this unit .
i found the taste and aftertaste to be more than a little offputting .
the entire product is based on misleading hype .
when i purchased it ,  it was on an amazon lightning deal after black friday .
i am going to order another set of num_extend even though you must handle carefully as they are fragile .
:   i had high hopes for this given the reviews but i havent seen a lick of difference .
flimsy and very very cheap !  do not waste your money !  .
i thought this was a more powerful dryer .  .  . my bad .
i used it for less than a week and charged it num_num times .
of course i didn t expect that for the price ,  but i was looking for the general shape .
no problem with the seller ,  just the product .
it is made very cheaply and does not justify its price .
very cheap and would pay a little more to get one that last .
maybe it was just that one charger and maybe you ll have better luck .
figured it was a defective unit ,  so i went and returned .  .  . bummer .
all in all ,  what i ordered was completely different from what i thought i was ordering .
i made one batch for five mins .  ,  one for three mins .
it s not a terrible speaker ,  it s just a lot of money for something that produces slightly average sound .
i don t know why my experience with this product is different from the other reviewers .
i bought two of these cheap ear buds .
it hasn t changed her one bit after num_num months of use .
i needed to clean the stainless steel thermal pot on my bunn drip coffee maker .
the size is what i wanted ,  but it delivers very little cooling air .
it is only num_num ounces ,  so the can is small .
no longer satisfied with product as it doesn t perform as expected .
i recall reading something like this about this product or something similar .
shipped direct from china ,  the tool arrived num_num days after i ordered it .
i know it isn t my coffee making equipment since i am using the same stuff i normally brew .
as the old adage goes ,  you get what you pay for .
i wish i could give this a num_num star review .
but with this phone ,  that really seems like a waste of time .
the glass is so thin ,  and the whole unit looks and is so fragile .
the unit itself looks and feels cheap as well .
ives ,  but this product just doesn t have a texture i particularly like .
if you want to take photos on nice sunny days find another product .
i don t know what all the fuss is about for this product .
the buttons that are hard to push was not a big deal for me .
they offered me % off an item on the leapfrog website .
but didn t work good . waste of money in purchasing this .
the case is not strong and it does make your phone look less sophisticated .
replaced it feb num_extend it started leaking at the bottom of the spout so bought another march num_extend
it s not a gummy type of soft cover .
that is not the case at all with my ears .
ok ,  i checked around and there are a couple of different types of these adapters .
the pieces are not clean cut so they are difficult to put together .
hello ,  i m about to purchase this adapter ,  but i wonder if it can be used on the nintendo dsi .
the case also makes it hard to press the volume button .
it is hard to see the outline of the picture even with the lights low .
so i thought id try this ,  just to see .
you can find food with better ingredients for cheaper .
if you have similar num_extend the cord is too short .
i bought two bottles that i have used over the past num_num months .
too many issues make this a bluetooth headset to avoid . first and to me most important ,  the sound is horrible .
eventually ,  i will need to replace my num_extend braun hand mixer  spain  that has been dropped and abused .
i paid too much for my wonderful num_num to risk it breaking down because of this product .
first i should say the item does work but also it doesn t .
the next day i tried charging my smartphone .
also ,  the width of the legs is too tight; just barely fits me .
i have a kitchenaid blender that is pretty loud so this characteristic did not surprise me .
got it cause it was cheap ,  however it does protect your iphone if it falls .
i can t seem to use this accurately ,  and it doesn t help the product didnt  come with instructions .
if you do decide to purchase it ,  save yourself some stress and order from an amazon approved company .
drains my phone and my phone sometimes will not connect with it .
i have purchased other products that have received mixed reviews on amazon and found the negative reviews misleading .
the battery in the num_extend controller is not replacable like the num_extend
despite the false description ,  i m not completely disappointed with this purchase .
this holster fits the gun ok but it is a left hand ,  not right hand holster .
really though ?  maybe its because i ve listened to much better before .
i wouldn t buy them again due to this .
unfortunately ,  that meant i had to repackage the whole thing and return it .
this will mearly keep a cold bottle of champagne or wine cool ,  but will not  chill  anything . disapointed .
i wouldn t stomp on one with my foot ,  nor get one in water ,  but they are encased in plastic .
the bottom part of the case was badly bent ,  so it doesn t hold the phone very well .
i couldnt affordthem once my pair broke ,  so i bought these .
no light to let you know the unit is operational no noise to let you know it s on .
i purchased these with the intention of eating them as a snack replacement for potato chips .
i just don t like how it feels either .
i purchased two of these and the metal is flimsy .
i used to use the fosmon $ for num_num screen covers for my mytouch phone .
i thought that was why they were so bad  stale possibly ?   but after seeing other reviews .  .  . they are just bad .
ipad mini on ios num_extend while the ipad num_num is on ios num_extend if it matters .
not good . and i couldn t get music to play through this headset as it supposedly was able to do so .
these earphones worked ok at the begining but they doesn t fit well in my head .
i could get them for $ cheaper at amazon ,  so i ordered them .
i tried cleaning before applying to no avail .
and mind ,  this isn t just one buggy phone .
it s not extremely bland or really sugary but i like a stronger stick with more spice .
i first thought it was the battery ,  but soon learned that was not the case .
it s strange because i have the same otterbox in a different color and never had problems with it .
if you don t already own it ,  i strongly suggest you look at a different grinder .
i even sent my wife out in her car while connected to the device ,  and i called her .
this product must be made wet to use .
now it comes out too salty and the noodles break apart when it stands too long .
this is the third product by this company i have tried .
these bags were purchased as a package with the cordless vacuum and replacement belts i purchased .
some wet dog food have more gravy  e . g .
in the long run ,  it s better to save your money and buy more expensive ones .
took a long time and didn t really do the job i expected .
i think i m going to have to purchase a new one from a better brand .
once hot  heats up very quickly  it is inconvenient to grasp with a pot holder .
i hate giving bad reviews but when its bad ,  its bad .
this is a very cheap product in cost and quality .
this seemed like a suitable replacement until i could afford to replace my iphone .
i mean ,  come on .  .  . it s from china for crying out loud .
i bought this product veeeery long time ago and never used till num_num moths ago .
also sometimes the scroll lock key doesn t respond when you hit it twice to make it switch between machines .
i guess if you order cheap ,  you get cheap .
it cannot be used alone ,  so i mix it with seeds to coat them .
i usually will get any dry skin off my lips with a wet toothbrush and have a  clean canvas  .
i wasted my time and money on this product .
seems like a small thing but it gets annoying .
this tea doesn t taste like strawberry and chocolate ,  it tastes like red rooibos ,  and that s about it .
i purchased these and they were a little too big .
i bought this because of the good reviews but it is absolutely horrible tasting coffee .
i have num_extend on an epiphone joe pass model .
it dries pretty quickly and then you apply your normal moisturizer and makeup over it .
it was heavy and was very hard to style .
it s way too heavy and the openings are just too big .
this makes my milkshakes foamy and chunky and i do not like it .
for what this does ,  i could have gotten a blade grinder for a lot less money .
this screen protector does not stay on the phone .
when my first one started falling apart after num_num years of use i decided to buy a new one .
there are a lot of fakes on amazon ,  i hear .
the case is very thin plastic and cracked on me after just a couple of day s use .
the shipping is too expensive for what you get .
i really don t think these are worth the money .
both phones i used were on the compatible list .
i needed something to accomodate my iphone ,  wallet ,  keys and external phone charger .
fortunatly another vendore sent me another spare last year for my htc num_extend incredible .
the color of the light is problematic ,  as well .
not that they re that bad ,  but they re just for bass .
i ve tried about num_num times with different ingredients ,  chilling it all ,  adding flavorings and sweeteners only at the end .
it is noisy when it grinds ,  but grinding supposed to be noisy ,  doesn t it .
it was a gift ,  so i didn t have a receipt for it .
you turn the camera on ,  take a picture ,  turn the camera off to save battery life .
i hate writing bad reviews ,  i usually write good reviews since most things are great on amazon .
i compared it to inexpensive apps i was using on the iphone num_extend
i am a bit of a coffee snob and grind my own beans each day .
almost looks dirty . i ve worn these things for num_num years .
was very disappointed as it did not last much longer than the original battery .
they have a life time warranty so i know i could ve returned it for repair ,  but i didn t bother .
sometimes it felt more like pain in my ear .
i tried it once and that was enough for me to not use it again .
i wanted to keep this item but i had to return it ,  it was useless .
i am sure my daughter doesn t mind these are cheaply made or small but i sure as heck do .
call it a low calorie num_extend cal  candy snack ,  and not a  fruit strip ,   and i have no problem .
lights work but not as bright as i would liked them to be .
i purchased num_num of these at once and had the same thing happen to both .
i personally don t care whether my headset is laying flat on my counter or standing up .
i tried a couple of times ,  but couldn t get it to just drip .
it did do its job at protecting the phone ,  but did not last very long .
i do not recommend it as a fruit snack ,  but as a substitute for candy ,  it s probably more acceptable .
i bought this kit thinking it was a good deal ,  but that turned out to not be the case .
he does like it ,  but hubby and i were very disappointed .
it is reading a good num_num degrees lower than actual temps in the num_num to num_num range .
there are others on the market that do work and a much cheaper !  i would not waste my money .
thought what looked like a name brand might be better but it s not .
i had alot of problems with this cable with num_num different subwoofers and num_num receiver .
these are ok ,  they were a bit small for my screen .
perhaps i should have gone for a plastic version .
given this problem ,  i would not buy them again .
it works but the sound quality is not even close to the fm radio .
it seemed to work ok ,  but it broke with very moderate use .
boooo this is low budget ,  the house kinks easy and water goes very slow .
the handle spins because the screws on the side don t secure it properly .
i received this item very quickly but it was in a plastic ziplock bag .
i didn t spend a lot of money ,  and this charger broke within a few months .
last upgrade i had to do this num_num times and finally it came back to life .
the product sometime it charges and sometime it would say it would not recognize the devise charging .
as others have noted ,  the umbrella screw strips the plastic threads so easily it s practically a disposable product .
will be looking for a different one to use as this doesn t work like i thought it would .
which does not make it a bad product .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . the product makes it a bad product .
that sd was num_num gigs !  so verizon sent me a refurbish one .
the cookie was ok ,  but it didn t hold together very well .
though on its way to me ,  i read a staggering amount of bad reviews and experiences across the web .
i purchased this product to connect my logitech trackman marble fx trackball to my computer through a usb port .
i want the benefits ,  but i would be much happier if this stuff had a better taste .
i wish i hadn t spent the money on this product .
num_extend ft slim num_num lbs here with a wider back than my waist .
not sure a bigger size would be better .
i used it one time and one time only .
i m used to food that tastes like food .
i used this product on damp hair as directed and styled as usual .
this product did not work right out of the box .
it saw use about once a week for num_num months before it failed .
there is nothing unusual or special about it .
this isn t a bad tea ,  but it s not my favorite offering from tazo .
it lasted for few years but i had expected it to long much longer .
i ve tried several devices that are supposed to play my ipod via the fm receiver of my stereo system .
i m not exaggerating ,  i literally just picked the dang thing up .
look for something else if you need an energy boost drink .
it feels flimsy ,  it can be difficult to actually press some of the buttons ,  it s not very fast ,  etc .
i ordered two and the first one blinks away while on the charger  as per instructions  .
i thought my batteries went out and changed them .
it must have been an error in manufacterers packaging because eveything was sealed up tight when it arrived .
however ,  woodstream saw my review and a customer rep .
it is a struggle to pull my phone from this case .
i don t know if maybe i just got an old product ,  but i did not like it .
the fruit stick together so much that you have to pry them apart and it makes a mushy mess .
and it was ,  for the few weeks it lasted .
if the audio gizmo you want to use these with doesn t have good bass and treble controls ,  tough .
i had trouble with the earbuds falling out ,  so i used them without the silicon .
this thing is ok for the night ,  but not ok for the daylight .
i am also not inpressed with its filtering .
first off ,  it s not set in broth but more of a creamy substance .
strange ,  but when i pay for something ,  i expect value for money .
also ,  i linked to my computer for internet calls .
i got this hoping to get another one like i have ,  but i didn t purchase it .
i pull out the mats only to find a usb plug at the end of the cords .
you have to buy something else ,  like a usb adapter ,  to make it work with a mac .
the cold brew coffee it produced had a weak ,  sort of  off  flavor ,  i found generally less than satisfying .
we have used other brands and never had this problem .
i bought a battery charger port so seller refunded the amount for the charger .
it literally feels like a vibrating cell phone .
i bought this for my num_num year old ,  not really paying attention to the age suggestion .
they are just cookies . the chocolate chunks are not big .
took me some time to get the facts  ,  .
i didn t expect a lot ,  so i can t say i m disappointed ,  and this might work for some things .
on  low  i would expect the fan to consume about num_num to num_num watts .
it came off rather quickly and transferred onto my chair .
when i say heavy duty i mean  heavy  .
this one was a far cry from those products .
however ,  it s just too hard to be tasty .
finally ,  the sound is ok at low volumes but distorts badly at mid to higher volumes .
num_num months after purchase ,  i noticed the blade was cracked .
it s nothing like i have every tried before ,  but it s not something you have to try .
it said it was charging ,  but i couldn t do anything else with the phone .
these speakers aren t bad sounding ,  they just are not great speakers .
but ,  they are too heavy for a flip flop .
this didn t fit my phone well at all .
i still have this phone ,  and i ,  just for the heck of it ,  turned it on .
i ve had nothing but trouble with my unit .
they were the corrcet dimensions to cover the entire screen but was very cheap quality .
i m going to ask for a replacement unit and hopefully the second unit doesn t stink as bad .
initially it worked fine ,  but only after num_num months it started causing problems and broke completely .
first ,  there s nothing wrong with the pan itself .
the only plus  which gained it an extra star  was that i like the smell .
only lasted about a month before i wanted to get a new one .
i haven t been using any other products with this ,  and i only use it once a day .
i contacted amazon directly and they issued a refund .
they include num_num instruction booklets in the cd case that are even difficult to understand .
i was taken in by the small size and claim of num_extend
its just not worth the $ i spent .
i ve had my infrashine flat iron for over num_num years .
my pc has a num_extend processor with num_num gb memory and an ati radeon hd num_num num_extend graphics card .
if you are worried about scratching your pans use wooden spoons and spatulas .
i put a bunch of salt in it to get it down because i don t waste food .
but .  .  . i guess i have to buy another grinder if i want coffee before spring .
my only problem was the charger they included .
i don t think the timer is reliable and it the alert isn t loud enough .
although it could be the texture of the food .
so they put one in the num_extend to get people to buy dvds to use it with .
i order alot on amazon and have never once written a bad review but this will be my first .
the fit was way too big ,  too long and the footbed was too high .
i find it to be too heavy and not detangling enough .
because it is really hard to get now ,  crazy prices .
that said ,  i was not favorably impressed with starbuck s  vanilla infused  coffee .
the problem comes when i need to remove it to place in a charging or playback cradle .
and though i love salt .  .  .  . this product was mostly salt .
it seemed like something you could pick up at your local dollar store .
i paid $ for this and thought it would be a bit sturdier .
this battery is not from uniden  unlike the title says  .
for what i paid ,  it was not a good value .
for those who need to know ,  the bread cutting blades for this model are num_extend long .
recently i noticed the handle seemed a little loose .
also ,  ingredients don t  release  well from the cups .
i was mailed the wrong battery and i need to send it back .
the software for the computer is a little cumbersome to find and install ,  but not overly .
and several times when the batteries have been replaced the bulb blew out and they re difficult to find .
i baked a few loaves of bread on it at about num_num degrees ,  probably four or five .
this is the num_extend headset i have tried .
the quality does not justify the price and very disappointing overall .
so i will use this but when it s gone ,  i m not buying again .
i would not recommend this particular kind for that reason .
not a big deal ,  but a little cumbersome . note that this product does not work with current ipods .
i have used them for a very long time .
i imagine people would purchase this to process herbs  that was one of the reasons i bought mine  .
like joyce sackett ,  i only hand wash them  no dishwasher period  .
it took me a while to figure this out .
i could not find a comfortable place to clip on the bluetooth transmitter .
also be careful not to drop this or you throw it away .
poor quality ,  what can i say i am use to beats headphones so these are definitely a downgrade .
piece of junk even though it cost almost nothing .
still giving it num_num stars though ,  for including the crappy usb cable .
i do not normally test my batteries but since this  blister package  was already open .
this product is bad quality because the noise it makes .
well i just got it in the mail today and it looks nothing like the one on here .
i ordered a couple of these for my boys and they are of cheap quality and cheap material .
i decided to check out the reviews upon seeing the poor rating .
i have a linksys num_extend router and notebook adapter num_extend for my laptop .
i bought num_num of these thinking they did due to the description saying it would work on my bike .
it makes noise to for some reason is much less annoying .
this may be the nature of the fm signal .
the word  cheap  comes to my mind for this product .
turns out it was too small ,  way too small .
i was considering it .  .  . until i read these reviews !  oh my .
if something happens to change my mind ,  i ll update my review accordingly .
the screen is tiny by any comparison ,  and the chunkyness of this device hurts it most of all .
i just got this ,  and tried it on before i washed it .
i have used it in place of an exacto knife  it s the same blade ,  after all  .
i thought this would be a good polish from the reviews ,  but its not .
i m so glad i tried this before committing .
it would get clogged and not spray evenly even when i would release the pressure .
unfortunately it did not live up to my expectations .
i bought this for iphone num_num and num_extend
i ve stopped using it as i m afraid my phone will break as it has fallen few times .
after taking a few sips ,  i was left wanting for more .
had it less than a year and it has quit working .
heck ,  a flap with velcro for example would make it num_num times more easier to use .
you get what you pay for though i guess .
i would not buy this product for anything more .
i never dishwash it; always handwash and dry .
so instead of just returning it for a refund ,  i contacted the comapny and asked for another part .
i now know why the price was so low .
i tried the portable xm radio myfi to improve my channel selection .
looks like a pretty doll but not worth it .
i ordered the num_num pack from amazon so we had three to get through .
this headset performs very poorly with my iphone num_extend
even after adding a generous amount of liquid creamer ,  the coffee still tasted burned .
i was really frustrated because i d done a bunch of research before purchasing this one and it wasn t cheap .
it also felt uncomfortably tight in some areas and too loose in others .
the cord is generic and doesn t plug into the usb socket fully .
the price was so cheap that i went ahead and ordered two more .
this is bad since i ve only used it a couple of times in the past num_num months of purchase .
there are much better and cheaper products than this one .
i wish i would have checked the reviews here first before purchasing .
but once i started to piece the thing together ,  it was something i realized i had to put together .
it s cheap plastic with some sort of threaded fabric .
i m glad not to have to worry about other people using the connection .
i don t know if it s the car or the charger ,  but it doesn t seem to be charging my iphone .
i ordered the phone expecting it to be new .
i actually thought this would be a great product ,  but it just seems to cheaply made .
i will return this item and search for another .
my husband is upset to say the least .
i gave it to him when he was about num_num months and we kept it around for a year .
i ordered a num_extend and couldnt fit it and that was a size up from what i normally wear .
then told me to ship them back and he would ship a replacement .
it is like all other products out there ,  it s a hit or a miss .
i just read the other reviews and decided to keep trying it .
i had high hopes for this product and it did not live up to them .
i got this on sale ,  not a big sale and it is not worth the money .
i own num_num of them and they are constantly being recharged .
they send you num_num screen protectors in the package for a reason .
i gave him chicken after that and he was fine again .
i didn t spend any money on it ,  so no loss to me .
even then ,  the coffee was never really very hot .
it may be reasonably priced but it is not worth wasting your money on this product .
the spatula and mixing spoon are a bit on the short side in my opinion .
i took the unit back and exchanged it for another of the same model .
it s such a shame because it worked really well while it lasted .
my little used series num_num model was recently replaced under the recall by apc with the same model number .
so for the money you pay ,  you get teased into paying a lot more to get it work correctly .
i ve been through several bluetooth headsets because i really wanted a wireless option for teleworking .
i have them ,  but actually don t use them .
i wish i was giving this more stars .
i ve used it twiceand will not use it again .
i cannot tell you how cheap they look and feel to the touch !  .
i have purchased num_num of these and they just keep breaking off .
it hasn t worked for me but perhaps it might be different with everyone else .
you get what you pay for with this one .
i wouldn t have cared so much if it was not a gift .
i couldn t remember why i stopped using this one .
i ve used it num_num times now before i realized this .
num_extend has num_num servings and thins one only num_num servings .
this is way too big to carry in a pocket  unless it s a big jacket pocket .
unfortunately i did not figure this out until i had cut open the packaging for the mount .
if this wasn t free with the purchase i made i would never have bought it for num_num bucks .
after reading rave reviews ,  i was not that impressed .
reaching into the bag with your hand one can only retrieve a small amount  pinched  between one s fingers .
you are essentially purchasing num_num cute little bags with a bit of trash inside .
the length however is more like a size num_extend
but this smells way better for me ! sad to say i won t be using this again .
this is no different than the ones i buy from ebay .
even the threads around the outside of the handle are difficult to keep clean .
i think it s more of the noise though .
the rubber seems much more durable but i ll never know since i can t get any treats in it .
further more do i stick with the same brand .
i bought two for the office ,  but it just didn t work .
so ,  i started using this product because i like other products from st .
i ve had the knife for three months and there have been some problems .
the battery i purchased at the same time would not fit .
i ve tried both the disposable filter replacements and the reusable filter .
do you have some money to waste ?  buy this item .
it is not ,  but about num_num the times the physical size .
if idle ,  the cable will let the phone charge at a couple % an hour max .
unfortunately ,  after installing it on my num_extend i found out differently .
i bought this after my vet told me that my dog ,  max ,  had to get another cleaning .
i bought this toy for my daughter who stated it was the only thing she wanted for her birthday .
it was half the price of the c . b .
the smell is also not the  wake you up  that brewed coffee should have .
and sure enough ,  no matter how you put it in ,  even half falling out ,  the charging light lights up .
note that i have only tried it for cleaning and polishing ss surfaces .
the trident cases make the phone too big and bulky .
cleanup is sort of a pain inside the grinder itself .
i was so looking forward to getting these .
they are poorly made and need a completely new design . i wish they had a tougher product .
the fit was just off for my body type .
i have several issues with this iphone after using it for the last year .
i wish this product had been the one ,  but it wasn t the one for me .
when in actuality ,  it probably wasn t previously priced for more than what i paid for it .
i have had it for over two years and never had an odor problem .
please put some more money to buy a better ,  lighter product .
its been a year so far and no problem .
the palettes are kind of cheap in my opinion .
first off ,  i ve been using navitas goods for quite some time now .
the surround sound on these is not that decernable .
i guess you get what you pay for as i find this tea nothing like panera .
i bought this thing for my mother because of limited counter space .
i don t think i ll be purchasing anything like this again .
the headphones had a pronounced whine when i plugged them into the headphone jack on the unit .
given how much it costs ,  i was disappointed .
in fact ,  i am sure it is suppose to even taste a little bit more bitter than lighter roasts .
what a relife ! however ,  it dose need a num_extend to num_extend audio adaptor in order to use on my laptop .
very well constructed but it has a design flaw that makes it useless .
if i could give it at no star rating i would .
i also own a radio shack wireless headphone set that is installed on another tv .
i don t know much about the company; but it isn t something i would buy .
several days ago his last one went missing ,  so i ordered him a new one .
i ll use it until it fails again ,  and then i ll buy something better .
it is very hard to review a product such as this one .
this coffee was no different than any of gloria jean s kcups .
when i recieved it the charger had a short in it .
as other reviews stated ,  this device is not silent ,  but i thought i would try it anyway .
for something with num_num calories ,  i would expect it to have a decent taste .
they didn t stick as well as other brands i ve tried as well .
i have been looking to replace my electric razor and i tried this one .
also it s way to expensive for the quality .
hers has metal cups the same diameter as an english muffin .
just installed this on my wife s num_num toyota num_extend and yes it fits ,  even though amazon says it doesn t .
the headset volume was so low you can t hear it .
so i m just going to stick with that .
had been using this product for a while now .
really a shame ,  because the system works great when it is working .
it feels cheap in your hand and detracts from beauty of iphone .
it comes with two ear hooks ,  but not two different sizes .
in my seemingly never ending quest for a decent ,  i don t expect perfect ,  coffee grinder ,  this is not it .
the cord used has a nice feel but looks low quality .
but this does not compensate for the poor sound quality .
i thought about just going and buying a new one of those and be done with it .
this is just a flimsy piece of blue plastic .
anything about a third of an inch or so will stop the blade dead .
i have not used the charger much because i have other chargers .
not saying it is a bad product ,  just dont know how to use it .
and i wouldn t put it with my other pots and pans either .
i wish i read the reviews before my friend purchased it .
you don t always get what you pay for .
they looked huge !  i guess because of the odd shape in the front .
i am num_extend and num_num lbs and it looked ridiculous .
i want my money back for this item because i had to buy another one .
this phone case ,  while it was incredibly cheap ,  was made quite poorly .
ok other then what people are saying those circular things you call scratches are not scratches .
i ll save my pennies and get a better version instead .
it s a bit flimsy ,  the wires that loop around are thin and will bend easy .
now ,  after num_num weeks or so ,  i have switched back to my old stock battery .
my battery indicator switches from charging to not in a blinking fashion .
this cleanser isnt bad ,  and lasts a long time ,  but it doesnt cleanse very well .
it is made of hard plastic and i wonder if material so hard is dulling my knives .
i bought this for a replacement speaker for an old num_extend bazooka tube .
received the item .  ,  it is not what is shown but has the same brand name .
the straight blade is tiny and not sharp .
puroast low acid coffee low acid coffee french roast is not a coffee that i will try again .
i wish i could say that this product worked miracles for me but i d be lying .
i ll be returning the extra pack i bought . also ,  like someone else stated ,  some pieces are super thick .
no problem ,  the phone isn t provisioning on the att network .
its not tall enough and if it did fit the sides press on the volume and power buttons .
i called the company and they told me to change the battery .
i m very dissapointed in the overall product quality .
read the other reviews ,  everyone says the same thing .
would be almost comparable to carhartt belts if the buckle were fixed .
i searched  probiotic gummies  on amazon and this was the first product to come up .
the spoon would be grated and could leave bits of plastic or wood behind .
it is just too difficult to figure out .
they aren t sexy and they don t have that silky feel to them to make me feel dainty .
it doesn t look like it s broken ,  just seems like it wasn t welded together as it should ve been .
bought this for my num_num yr old grandson ,  it is not what i expected .
this item could be much better if it was bigger .
i went back to the old can opener where the lid drops in .
now i have the hard drive on a ide to usb adapter connected to a usb num_extend card .
it isn t as compact as i was hoping .
however ,  the flavor of this one was weird .
i thought maybe from reading the reviews that these things would be somewhat useable .
the only good thing about this is that it packs up really small because it is so thin .
i guess you get what you pay for ,  but they weren t even worth that .
i am glad that i didn t pay for it because i would have felt like a sucker .
i vacuumed frequently ,  even though we don t have any carpet .
i ve had it for num_num days now and i think i will return it .
i wouldnt suggest buying this unless you just like having a few extra brushes on hand .
works just fine but no longer in use .
my son claims that the case is too tight and made his phone screen break .
the pot might have stood a better chance if the packaging had been more sturdy but i doubt it .
it s hard to get the cover off once you have fitted it with the phone .
my only problem is that it is made in china .
it folded like it made from tin the first time i tried to use it .
i also chose this product because one of the comments said that it does not contain soybean oil .
i can get it to work like ,  once in num_num tries .
i tried washing it and airing it out .
this coffeemaker has only been in use for only num_num year .
i don t understand all the positive reviews for this case .
i suggest you get one of those instead .
use a furminator followed by a microfiber cloth and you ll get  way more hair offa yer kitty .
now it s just sitting in my closet taking up space .
so it is not an issue of just getting a bad item at one time . overall ,  i cannot recommend it .
i purchased this for a friend and now i lost that friend .
i would recommend this for children ,  but for an adult s hand it is not suitable .
in my own opinion ,  this should have cost $
all i can count on is that it s on my visor ,  sometimes works ,  sometimes doesn t .
it s just not that great for a white phone .
i would have much preferred a clear see through lid like that which is shown .
screen is small ,  can t see very far ,  very disorienting to use .
i was so excited to get these shoes for christmas .
it looks like a piece of pink glow bracelet .
so if you want to waste you money ,  this would be a great product to do so !  !  .
i don t know why it worked so well for others .
i just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again .
they re dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound .
it has a lanyard  sort of  that can hang with a plastic clip that is awkward to use .
despite some of the negative reviews ,  i purchased this item anyway because there were far more positive reviews .
this product has a noticeable off flavor ,  slightly sour ,  and while some may like it ,  i don t .
not to mention this toy is loud !  but back to the actual function of this toy .
just ok as far as taste when nuked as directed .
within num_num minutes it matched the temperature of my heaters within num_num degree .
the taste is ok but the texture is just odd .
this phone cover broke apart after a few weeks of use .
it needs to be warmed up and kneaded a bit for to supposedly work properly .
the reality is that it is a small cheap looking item .
i usually wear size num_extend so i ordered these in num_extend
still with the deal  around $ i still found this too expensive .
this was a gift for my girlfriend and they are not working .
i definately don t mind paying for quality ,  but this was not worth the price .
it doesn t seem to be made very well ,  either .
at first i liked my bumper quite a bit but then started to see it was pretty flawed .
not only that but the  metal  isnt metal its plastic ,  and the cases material is cheap .
there is no comparison between the quality of the two .
took this product and did not work for me .
it was super thin ,  crispy and crunchy like a cracker .
mind you my table is not that high and it your average hight table .
however ,  on my unit at least ,  the belt clip slides into a pouch on the back of the unit .
i wouldn t buy it again if i had the choice .
however ,  i can make audio cd s using the external drive instead of the internal .
not that dark ,  imersive feel that should be there .
first a satellite speaker burned out so i paid $ for a new one .
but num_num months later when the battery get to about num_num percent the phone shuts down .
it s not very tasty and the texture is not a good texture for a snack .
it arrived broken ,  and it really was not packaged well .
i am returning the knife which was ,  regrettably ,  a christmas gift from my kids .
now it just takes up space under my sink .
also ,  the blade is not very sharp out of the box .
i ve made three batches with it thus far and each has been runny .
its not easily accessible ,  as most of the inner pockets in this bag aren t .
i need a device to take the audio from my htpc and split it to two different amps .
shortly after i recieved a recipet that said that i had purchased a num_num pack .
was expecting a nice heavy top quality bead for the price i was paying ,  definitely not what i got .
it s unfair for me to rate something i have yet to use .
:   but they were easy to swallow ,  and had no aftertaste .
the main problem with this coffee is its aftertaste .
i ve owned one of these for a brief period but only for a day .
it seems an overly complicated design for a simple product .
your computer needs a usb port because that s where your controller plugs in .
if it isn t ,  its not worth the purchase .
but based on my experience i don t recommend this one .
we will look for a more hardy juicer .
for the price ,  you would expect better quality .
i m trying to figure out how to still use it so it won t be a waste of money .
purchasing a new knife with the wusthof name i was expecting it to be in much better condition .
normally $ i got it for $ with some scuffs and damage ,  no big deal .
i have two cats ,  one will eat anything and the other ,  only likes canned cat food .
this product is impossible to put on properly the first time .
i bought one before this that cost half as much and lasted over a year .
while i was on hold on my landline ,  i called back in with my cell phone .
i won t buy from this seller again ,  and should have realized the price was too good to be true .
also ,  it lacks a peppery bite and doesn t leave my mouth feeling minty fresh like the desert essence does .
i quickly packed this up and mailed it back to amazon for a refund .
this quality of this product is very poor .
you have to thoroughly wash it after every pot !  time consuming num_extend
if it was rubber ,  or a stronger plastic it would be a better product .
it did not preform like the original battery .
but i have bought more than num_num of these recently and the coatings are all rubbing off .
my intention is not to give it bad review but to let you know of my experience with it .
the only redeeming qualities are it makes fair waffles if you remember where to put the temperature dial .
the usb cable will not fit in secure enough to stay .
i tried my old buds and they work fine so it is not a phone prob .
i m giving this pan one star for it s size .
the item i received was refurbished and at that time that was not mentioned in the description .
the blade was not very sharp out of the box .
i don t think the phone was worth that value  nor even worth getting  .
i purchased this extended droid battery because the current one i have isn t lasting the day  it use to  .
i did not have much success with this product .
i wanted to like this but the taste is pretty bad .
i used to love my old zagg invisibleshield on the back of my num_extend
i am going to try one more thing to fix the problem ,  new batteries .
then i broke this one after a while .
i have six backup batteries to charge and this worked great at the begining but the slacked off .
yes ,  the same nonstick coating they put on pans .
i had to return this item because it did not work when i received it .
i used this for all kinds of tasks some people may not use them for .
i can t speak for how it tastes in water as i only tried it in milk .
my earlobe turn red after wearing it for num_num hour .
these are the cheapest quality tools i ve ever had the displeasure of using .
spend your money on something that won t be a disappointment .
i had to buy another product to actually get what i wanted .
the design isn t bad ,  but the plastic is cheap .
i purchased this despite having read the awful reviews ,  hoping that it would work in my case .
i have a small hoop silver earring and it bent while i was trying to fit them in .
i use a laptop at home .  .  . on my lap .
it s too loud for the bedroom even on the lowest setting .
very disappointing product ,  and not worth the cost .
if you are looking for dark rich coffee ,  look elsewhere .
the screen is ok until your outside in the light then you have to take it off to see .
i ve begun looking for a less expensive alternative to starbucks or pete s coffee .
we have all tile floors and i was hoping for a cleaner that would do it all .
and this item isn t real cheap as it should be since it is defective !  .
it is pretty expensive in my view and didn t really make any difference .
now i have a new phone so i m not so unhappy with it .
when i replaced the original batteries with these batteries they last less than num_num days .
it s just .  .  . well ,  i finished the bowl ,  but i sure wasn t impressed at all .
a survival knife is supposed to help you survive ,  not to look cool .
no scratches ,  and there may be a very thin layer of grease .
unfortunately ,  i didn t know that when i purchased the junky one that i got .
for the price they are now asking you could find much better speakers for a little more cash .
looks like it could have been bought at a num_extend store .
you won t see the screen since it is not backlit .
cannot just leave it on high because the water steams away and the food burns .
the audio works ,  but if u turn the num_extend mm jack ,  the sound cuts off .
if you don t like starbucks french roast ,  you may like this coffee ,  you may not .
contrary to the other reviewers ,  my experience has not been positive .
while i could get my size num_extend foot into the shoe ,  it was not wide enough to wear comfortably .
it can trap dirt even it is retracted .
i use it very little for music but extensively for watching movies ,  shows ,  etc .
i ordered this for my son and was fooled .
it worked in my car only when i held it in just the right position .
not a big deal ,  but somewhat of a pain .
the new version is a much cheaper plastic and doesn t operate as smoothly as my old one did .
the crust of the bread was especially hard .
they are ,  unfortunately poor on two key counts if you re interested in using them to listen to music .
i have tried numerous bluetooth headsets and i am not happy with the performance of the samsung .
it s kindof an awkward shape too so it s hard to store .
actually my current cordless phone is louder than this one .
it works fine ,  but it s unpleasant and annoying to use .
i received a cardboard box ,  of knock off jewel cases .
it was so fragile ,  when i tried to snap it together the case broke and wasn t usable .
the bad thing about this is that they have to many different sizes .
i had to open up the car adapter and severe the wire from the usb micro .
i own num_num small earphones from sennheiser mx series .
probably ok for other machines ,  but check your machine before buying .
not what i wanted so returned this product .
even then ,  a towel would be more comfortable .
after about an hour of use the batteries need to be changed .
this product doesn t cover well enough for me ,  not crazy about the color for medium to darker browns .
not at all good value for your money .
i run the fan off of a small  wall wart  ac adapter .
when i received the package ,  the box from the cord concealer looked as if it had been open .
the smell is nice but the problem is that you can barely smell it .
finally ,  after just a few days ,  the ipod borked out .
it was intended to go with my dad s tablet ,  a christmas gift .
unfortunately ,  the leather is quite thin and had a bunch of black marks .
it seems to be made of aluminum ,  with steel for the adjustment mechanisms .
if it weren t for the great shipping ,  i d be done with amazon .
this is clearly a used or refurbished battery .
it s fine as a general pull toy but that s not how it was advertised .
it works ,  but on my helmet ,  its almost impossible to find a decent mounting spot .
i been using this product for about num_num weeks ,  and i see no difference .
i dont regret purchasing it because it did fill the void ,  however i will not be purchasing it again .
we have been using a soft padded lunch box instead .
it just doesn t last for the use i found for it .
but the fact that i ve used it only once tells me it wasn t a wise purchase .
when i got the box ,  it was made to look as if i was getting a brand new phone .
i have used this off and on since num_extend
it ll look ok if not using a holster .
not at all a  healthy  snack ,  though better than some .
i d give them num_num stars ,  if i could .
first off ,  the details say this thing measures at num_extend x num_extend x num_extend
num_extend the same as the num_extend of the basic flavor .
it s just not worth saving a measly few bucks .
if there s any gel in this product it s underneath a really hard exterior .
even though ,  it is advertised as num_num mm; it is more likely like num_num mm .
im not sure if this one has a cord that is on the front of it but ours did .
i originally used a thin nail ,  but wanted something a little easier and faster to get the job done .
when i attempt to draw this knife ,  the holster comes with it .
there are better headsets out there and for goodness sake ,  just answer the phone like a normal person .
i don t like the flavor as much ,  it appears to be sweeter and has less cinnamon .
the taste isn t that unbearable ,  but the consistency made me and my husband gag .
there s a reason why it s on clearance ,  clearly it s not worth the full price  build quality ,  comfort  .
if you don t plan on ever removing your phone from its case ,  this may be the product for you .
after reading all the reviews ,  i was excited to try this mascara .
yes ,  i know that i can remove the batteries .
the num_num minute charger left the batteries almost too hot to touch ,  so maybe that is fast enough .
i paid $ for this item and it isn t worth it .
i bought a sima universal remote ,  it wound up on ebay one day later .
i was excited to receive this product but immediately knew it wasn t for me .
read on and you ll see that the plastic parts don t stand up well to regular num_extend
the unit arrived in an envelope ,  in a baggie .
but for me ,  if it s too loud ,  it s useless .
they must be making these cheaper than they used to .
what an overrated piece of junk ,  for the price there is much better out there .
this product is not only cheap but really cheap .
that s as much as the item itself costs !  no thanks .
even though this is sold at a low price it s not worth it because of the lack of comfort .
but when it comes to space it s just too small .
there are many positive comments but ,  i don t think it is for me .
second is the silicone is on the outside not inside .
if all are set to small ,  the bass is too strong and boomy .
it stopped working after num_num weeks ,  it tells me it is not compatible with my phone .
it s just a shame it doesn t taste better .
they are twice the price of major retail stores and you get less than half the quantity .
batterythe battery leaves a lot to be desired .
many places the service doesn t get a data signal .
the bass is jittery and the overall sound quality poor .
i purchased this case but was greatly disappointed by the plastic composition and flimsiness of the case .
that s pretty terrible for a basic piece of equipment .
it doesn t fit my phone the way i hoped .
i had purchased num_num of these ,  but i m returning all of them .
i guess for the price should be expected .
i tend to like my coffee extremely strong but even making it overly strong did not make it better .
battery life is okay but is subpar for this expensive of a headset .
other than that its fragile , can be easily broken ,  the jewels wont come off unless you drop it .
when i first purchased this adapter i was delighted .  .  . but soon after it stopped working .
well lets just say it not nice to the touch .
like many ,  mine came with glitches and needed new batteries immediately .
i was making rolls consisting of num_num cups whole wheat and num_num cups all purpose .
after a relatively short time ,  the pressure on my ears was unacceptably painful .
i am told to first deplete the battery .
when they arrived it was no surprise to find that they were made in china .
i bought this linksys adapter for an apple emac whose ethernet port had been zapped by a lightning strike .
my blade broke ,  and now they re telling me i need to get a new one .
there are safer products to use that sure ick and way cheaper than this .
i ve tried pink sugar too and it was way better but still not what i was looking for .
plus ,  it does not stand up very well because the base is not heavy enought .
i ended up ordering another set that came with num_extend and they re much smaller .
i received this and could not believe how poorly made it is .
one of the ears would not stay up within num_num minutes of me taking it out of the box .
if you buy an num_extend you are making a gamble with your time and money .
i expected to be able to pass this down as an heirloom .
at this price ,  it s just just way too expensive .
i did order an amazon basics case that hasn t arrived yet .
i m not sure if it s a bad batch but it s not easy to put on .
do yourself a favor and get something else .
and anyway you will get for how much you pay .
the consistency was strange ,  and the taste a little bland ,  but they were decent .
spend the extra money and buy a higher quality .
i cannot really explain with words how worthless this product is .
you would need another cable box or cable tuner of some sort  .
these things are no where near as good as the ones i have had before .
i purchased num_num of these for extra chargers in the car ,  office and home .
i m num_extend and i remember eating this stuff for breakfast all throughout my youth .
after the battery is mostly charged ,  this charger goes to num_extend volts and starts boiling the electrolyte .
these gloves are very thin and a bit small .
it was also much smaller than i expected it to be .
the only drawback is that only one phone is  active  at a time on the headset .
that is what i am doing ,  however ,  i wasn t impressed with their customer service .
but the shoe was too short and too narrow in the toe .
this is not what i thought it was going to be .
we have had the product for num_num months now .
i wouldn t purchase these again in the future .
ok ,  so i bought a crystal clear case before this one and it was a little too hard .
i do not like the feel of rubber in my hands .
i m not sure how to rate this product but it didn t seem to help me .
first ,  know that it doesn t come with batteries .
it does not move the air much as it is described .
the fit was good but the stuck on tabs that they used to  help  with installation ruin the product .
i had no allergies to date until using this ,  i normally do not have a sensitive scalp .
i bought this based on reviews i read but was disappointed .
i was looking for something more  beefy  ,  but this seemed a little delicate for my use .
for certain applications ,  num_extend is the only option .
after all my research ,  i chose this ,  but i m sorry i did .
i would not recommend this fan for a quiet location .
i purchased this splitter at the advice of verizon in order to use my blackberry as an num_extend player .
we ate one slice of it and it didn t exactly taste bad ,  but there was something unpleasant about it .
al in all my this toy is cute ,  but really ,  really poorly made .
i am now reviewing which razor to go to next .
i m not sure where all these great reviews came from .
i give up and am looking for a different rice cooker .
i ve been using it for a week now and i just can t take it anymore .
when the num_extend comes out i will go with it instead .
parts of the ,  edges don t even snap together .
according to samsung tech support ,  their chargers ,  whether for at home or in the car ,  are identical .
if you just want a cheap case ,  here it is .
these have to be the worst designed headphones i ve ever purchased .
but not great for a $ investment . my mother had a cuisinart from num_extend
i haven t used it before this so i am wondering if it is expired or a bad batch ?  .
i had my fan on full blast in my bathroom ,  but the smell was overwhelming .
taste wasn t bad but can t compare to normal spaghetti .
the case itself appears durable but i won t be using it .
maybe good for the black iphone but not for white one .
i don t have a narrow foot but it s not crazy wide .
now it s just another kitchen tool that sits in the drawer of unused stuff .
i gave these to my cat ,  snacks ,  when he was having urinary tract problems .
the battery does give the phone extended power ,  but not by much .
this purchase was one of the first times that amazon reviews let me down .
really exemplarythe sound quality ,  though ,  was shockingly terrible for even a casual music listener .
i tried this because of the good reviews ,  but unfortunately it didn t work for me .
i actually owned one of these and the bristles on it were cheaply made .
i used this as secondary unit for my bedroom .
i am currently on my num_extend case from this style .
finally gave up and ordered a different brand to replace it .
so ,  a crunchy ,  not very flavorful crust ,  and a thin spread of some kind of fruit paste inside .
i just didn t like the battery life on iphone so i gave this num_extend a try .
these taste okay ,  but have a really ridiculous amount of sugar .
it will not look like the picture shown .
there are other inexpensive screen protectors out there that are much better at resisting scratches num_extend
and all the other tools are made of cheap materials .
just looks cheap . i ended up buying a vintage leather belt which was much nicer .
i found this one not true to size; too big .
this conditioner leaves a residue no matter how many times you rinse .
since i don t ,  though ,  i would not buy them again .
i have been using this since num_num to extend my network at home .
but the worst part is that it is rough on your hands .
save your money and don t waste your time buying this one .
the plastic clip on the first one broke about day num_extend
unfortunately ,  i have had the same sort of trouble the other reviews have stated .
i am using it for my reef tank .
i didn t see any changes ,  so given the price ,  i won t buy it again .
lasts as long as regular batteries ,  i was disappointed in this product .
there s nothing wrong with the seller ,  they were great . the problem is the device itself .
the previous one was just a coffee maker .
not a huge deal ,  but theres no good reason to omit a simple instruction sheet .
reviewers don t seem to complain about the smell .
i changed this from num_num stars to num_num stars .
try putting a phone with the otterbox defender in it .
i like the wand handle but for me ,  this just didn t do the trick .
the weapon will physically fit the holster ,  but it will not be locked .
the cable simply won t register as a usb cable .
used by itself ,  my ears were still hurting at the range .
i purchased same item two months ago and is falling apart .
i finally removed it and sent it back to amazon .
i was really excited to try these lollies .
after using this item my machete may be slightly less dull ,  but it is far from sharp .
i am not always this negative as can be seen from my other reviews .
it was great cutting the carrots ,  but the celery got stuck even though i peeled it first .
if you don t believe me ,  look on ebay and see all of them for sale .
i m going to buy a replacement and wish i had sent this back for a refund .
had purchased as stocking stuffer for num_extend daughter .
bought one used by the seller :  electronics pro num_extend
so disappointed; i had high expectation for a quality item .
i ll be looking at other makes of appliances from now on .
it s pretty cheap quaility ,  def not worth the money !  hgo with the cheaper one !  !  .
it was pasty in texture and taste even with rice milk .
unless you need a great camera phone this one is not a good choice .
meaning ,  the slightest movement and it will become unplugged from your phone .
compared to the cuisinart ,  this chopper has less power ,  the blade is duller ,  and the chopper can t go backwards .
i initially gave this a num_num star rating .
i am not sure why this product has so many stars for it .
i contacted the seller and they issued me a refund .
if i owned an iphone i suppose it would have been nice .
they also do not last for very long .
poorly engineered all around ,  and not even the the best price on the market .
i have been using it and although it s function to some extent it s highly undesirable .
she eats the canned food and bits of meat ,  but leaves most of the kibble behind .
this is a case where too thin isn t desirable .
i keep trying to try a less expensive french roast because we go through so much coffee .
if you need a product that works for your num_extend look elsewhere .
it is an okay product but not for my i phone .
this duet blender seemed just dandy until i started blending shakes daily ,  using ice .
so i sent it back to them after a crash had broken a part ,  again paying for shipping .
i only bought this because i lacked a small amount to qualify for free shipping on an order .
it needs a lock button or something that prevents it from coming apart unless you want it to .
my reason for needing this is not the iphone .
i charged it and placed it in my briefcase in a sleeve for about a month .
i was very excited to try the latte .
overall ,  it s just a cheap piece of junk .
while they are good at this ,  the sound they produce is terrible .
the dryer is only num_num watts ,  not exactly powerful .
however after about two weeks of using the product as directed i noticed nothing .
the picture looks a lot like the one i use to have .
it was easy enough to assemble ,  but as someone else said ,  some of the poles are not drilled properly .
it s supposed to play nicest with num_extend of which i have the speedbooster version .
if this is what you re looking for ,  then this would be a product for you .
it also turns out that i do not really need it ,  particularly since i have the pager already .
i purchased my case in april num_num and was very excited to receive it .
perhaps i should give it num_num stars for when it worked and num_num star now .
i just returned the phone after having it for few weeks .
i ve bought other brands before and have encountered one hit and one other miss .
unfortunately ,  the quality is not what it used to be .
it doesn t overflow .  .  . there is a fault in the lid mechanism .
i have no idea where the great reviews are coming from on this product .
was able to get the smaller one on ,  but could barely get the larger up past hips .
yes it s a little thicker but do you want to protect your screen or pretend to .
when your computer is plugged in ,  it should not run down to % when being used .
i think they are more for an ipad .
a serving platter should be bigger than this .
it could be so much fun ,  but ,  it just don t work .
it was only after i used it that i noticed it was different .
i generally don t suck at putting screen protectors on ,  but idk what was up with this one .
i ve been drinking this tea since the num_extend
the texture is rough ,  not glass smooth like the ones from verizon .
the supposedly new one was an older model .
havn t received them yet ,  so i don t know how these will perform .
it was awkward to say the least ,  switching back to the battery i had replaced with this one .
i guess you get what you pay for !  .
although they do work fine on iphone ,  droid ,  etc .  ,  they offer little to no protection from the elements .
also ,  if you re hoping for something to drown out noise ,  this is not for you .
i ve shot on my num_extend with other lens with filters in this same venue with less of a problem .
i paid for quality but did not receive long term quality ,  sadly .
spend the extra couple of bucks and get something better .
seller sent num_num of the num_num i ordered ,  then sent me extra tools as the  second item  .
so i m not too impressed with the strength of the recycled plastic material .
if looking for a good stylus i d suggest looking elsewhere !  .
product was ok as far as quality but i did not receive what was described .
i then cleaned it off and placed it back on the counter and filled it with water .
so it s not exactly what i thought it was going to be .
very cheap feeling but hey for the price it is what it is .
it is not !  also fell apart after num_num uses .
this charger lasted about a week before it gave out .
i returned the product and got a refund .
i read the reviews ,  and as negative as they were ,  i decided to spend a few bucks on this .
i used it in the microwave to boil water in so i could dissolve bullion for a recipe .
i was so pleased to order this for a great price ,  but it was a big disappointment .
i think if you really want something supportive ,  you need wood rather plastic .
it stained my hands . the glass itself looks ok .
think i paid $ for mine but now they are $
ok ,  i bought them because they were cheap but ,  ,  c mon ,  they re super cheaply made too .
it was when i was num_extend at least .
during this time frame ,  i had not downloaded anything that could have disrupted the phone in any way .
i have a num_num year old and a num_num year old .
have had so many bad items from amazon lately that i m done for awhile .
i think there must be a design flaw .
for people that drink coffee throughout the day ,  like me ,  it s a pain .
i don t own one of these ,  thank goodness .
installing it wasn t bad except i bought a set of drill bits i didn t need for $
it only protects the back cover from scratches .
i examined the bottles closely and realized how thin and cheap the plastic containers really are .
i didn t expect a much different product ,  but some things were even cheaper that i thought .
it may be fine for other applications ,  but i don t need it for any other applications .
i could have gotten better quality at the dollar store .
the spine was rough with obvious milling marks that on other blades are usually polished somewhat smooth .
i really need the product ,  but not enough to keep this awful color .
since we like to refrigerate coffee to make iced coffee beverages ,  this obviously isn t a good thing .
case makes phone difficult to hold in hand .
i used to hear that this is a good product ,  but it went downhill once they changed the formula .
i tried this charger in various configurations ,  charging items singly and in combination .
i also own a num_num infiniti num_extend with a bose audio system .
this is a horrible humidifier that s leaked all over our carpet numerous times .
can ,  or the small can of tomato paste ,  but slips off the rim of the larger can .
at first the rubber around the sides near the top of the phone stretched .
the only positive is that it is a bit durable for i put it in the washing machine once .
this concealer is supposed to function as an eye cream ,  too .
omega ,  frank shaving and so onfirst thing i don t care for is the handle .
but i have an issue with the phone cover .
one in a cheap tin plated steel springform pan and one in this pan .
next time i will try to find something that doesn t fall apart so quickly .
the battery itself and case had a htc label .
i ve just  upgraded  the firmware on the router and now the router has ceased to function .
i thought it would be on the inside of the cup .
did it cost more ?  no question ,  a few bucks more .
the earbuds are angled and while that may be fine for some people ,  it is not for me .
it was returned as soon as i opened it .
this detachalbe hose on the slime is num_extend
this pan shouldn t cost more than twenty dollars for people who are looking for this type of pan .
after trying to use it i promptly returned it .
i ended up sending this product back because it felt cheap .
after charging overnight i disconnected it from the charger and the phone just crashed .
that might be better but the flavor really put me off .
it s not horrible ,  but it is of low quality to match its low price .
the flavor is not terrible but not great .
if your tub is flat ,  then it should work .
i have two issues with the product ,  though .
guess it s time for a new pair of headphones ,  which won t be motorola .
i almost can t believe the positive reviews here ,  but then i remember everything doesn t work for everyone .
while i had it vertical i sat down with my phone out of it .
i m pretty sure i lose power while charging  and yes the screen is off  .
first of all ,  it s cheap plastic and made in china .
i was hoping it was because i used the hose even though we do have really good water pressure .
it was flimsy and had some bubbles in it .
i am sure this is a fine product ,  but i just did not like the flavor .
i eventually got so frustrated with it that i ended my calls prematurely and used my headset instead .
each of the num_num screen protectors only came with one tab .
i bought this for a gift and it was dead on arrival .
from very expensive electrostatic units to cheapy sony ear buds for my walkman .
dont buy this crap ,  you could obtained this same charger for a $
it s obvious that all the merchants selling these iphone batteries offer exactly the same product .
guess it s time to bring in the steam cleaner .
maybe it will work for some people ,  just not me .
old . this is also way over priced for what it is ,  although it s cute !  .
however it seems rather bulky and in my opinion the retention button is not needed for civilian use .
yeah ,  the fridge where we thaw out chicken ,  fish ,  and store left over .
the first one i got was broken and then they resent another .
i ordered this product on june num_extend the last arriving date was august num_extend
iv had my for over six months and im replacing it .
i was disappointed in the case because the plastic case is so cheap and not made well .
it s not too bad though ,  and i ll have to keep trying it to see if it grows on me .
was better the first few times i used it ,  but then the same problem kept occurring .
it would be a good stocking stuffer ,  but not for the $ i paid for it .
i have never once used them since purchasing because they are simply hard to get in your ear comfortably .
i can t believe anyone would buy this at this price .
they are shorter and smaller in diameter and don t allow charger to charge as fast .
only used the oil twice !  extremely oily and it kinda runs  ,  doesn t smell bad at all .
there is nothing wrong with this bowl except for the price .
the end cover opposite of the charging side of the battery is loosely glued on there .
i ve purchased two of these for my girlfriend and each of them broke .
a blade grinder is supposed to work by slicing through the beans as the blades whirr around .
i m bummed ,  because cuisinart products have been pretty reliable for me in the past .
but its almost the same in functionality as the num_extend not to mention the same size .
if you want to use this where you might want to occasionally change the configuration  i . e .
make sure that you really need to be mobile with the drive itself before you choose an external model .
it almost fits ,  just not enough to be effective .
i threw in bits of bell peppers ,  carrots ,  cabbage ,  etc .
this shoe was about a half to one size too small .
also it is much smaller than what it looks like in the picture .
however ,  i ordered it a few days ago ,  and should get to play it around january .
i bought it to replace an identical one that i d had for years ,  but had warped .
the only thing remarkable about these bags are the price .
ok ,  i ll be honest ,  i m giving this a num_num star for one reason .
i ve hit a plateau and thought i d try this after reading the reviews .
also ,  it shrunk so much ,  i couldn t fit into it anymore .
the batch was a dark golden brown ,  but kinda mushy inside .
i would not recommend this coffee if you like a good flavor coffee .
it worked fine ,  it rolls and floats but quality and enjoyability  if that is a word  is poor .
i used my new sifter yesterday for the first time .
i have just used this rice cooker for the first time .
the volume doesnt get that high for music ,  and the sound can be a little tinny at times .
i reset the device connection ,  did all the basic troubleshooting tasks ,  but no go .
not cushioned . they seemed thin and the elasticity was disappointing . above all ,  they were a poor fit .
it s more of a watery consistency than an oil and isn t very moisturizing .
as a result ,  it is somewhat awkward and difficult to do a reasonable slicing job with it .
no apparent leak ,  but it s obviously not airtight . this could be a great toy indoors .
i was only lucky i found it before my iphone would fall onto a concrete floor . nothing more to say .
i had the chance to try out these backbeat headphones and i am not that happy with them .
i have been using this cream faithfully morning and night for a few weeks ,  without any discernible difference .
wish i hadn t spend good money on it .
i was shocked to see it ,  and very annoyed .
the most disappointing thing is that it does not fit my daughters phone .
after putting it on ,  it was exactly the same .
it doesnt come with glue and its kind of cheap .
i bought this in a store because i was low in supply at home .
not only are they very thin ,  they are small .
but i suppose you probably get what you pay for .
after disconnecting the headset the problem is gone .
this item ,  however ,  is not the same quality .
i don t know if i installed it wrong or maybe my toilet is too stained to be cleaned .
i m going to get a different model next time .
it does not fit properly and its over sized ,  it just does not work like it should .
didn t work out that way ,  it actually loses it s charge faster than the old battery .
i don t really need them fast so will find them elsewhere .
though the price is low ,  i did not like it .
bought num_num of these for christmas and a num_num shot hand gun that ran on batteries .
ultimately thats not a big complaint though ,  it looks passable .
i had applied some armorall on my dash and leather seats to keep it protected .
did not use this case much longer than a week .
i wouldn t suggest relying on it to clean your ears out from wax cause it wouldn t for me .
only bright spot is the screen ,  but what good is it if it can t work smoothly ?  .
it is the same model that is on amazon . com  mr .
they are more expensive ,  but you won t get any unwanted results in your pictures .
as for ingredients ,  it seemed to have all the vitamins associated with energy boost ,  though it also contained caffeine .
it is not worth the $ i spent on it .
thought i was getting a normal sized toy .
they don t seem like they are very strong .
don t get me wrong ,  there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn t what i thought .
they were cheap and i got what i paid for .
i have had this charger for one week .
this battery was causing my phone to overheat .
this unit is affordable ,  but the sound is muffled to the point i cannot understand the words .
that must be why they sell replacement blades and shaft .
i expected the hooks to be large enough to work on my bluetooth .
so this is the num_extend different screen protector i ve bought .
it just didn t work for what i bought it for .
it really hasn t been used all that much in the year that i ve had it ,  maybe a dozen times .
i would not buy these again and will hardly use them .
of course for a num_num hour batch of yogurt ,  that means pushing the button num_num times .
i bought this charger and it doesn t even stay in my cigarette lighter port .
i have been using this product for num_num months now and i see no improvement whatsoever .
they are ok but it seems that you need a lot more sheets the one or two .
since my iron is not an unusual size i expect the typical iron holder to hold it .
unfortunately the sound was good but the headset was extremely uncomfortable and broke within a week .
unlike the others which all gave me decent color this one was little to no color .
if you really want to buy it ,  you should know that it is a hit or miss .
not worth the $ i paid for it .
the charging times are just too long . the worst part about this charger to me would be the actual connecter .
i tried the second one and had the exact same experience .
guess i need to look at price before ordering since it was only like num_num dollars lol .
sadly this color just does not work on me .
there is a moderate amount of sourness ,  finishing with a slight bitterness reminiscent of biting an aspirin .
the one i purchased at the hardware store has metal brackets where this one is cheap plastic .
i tried it to just mattify my skin when it gets oily .
i was just expecting more for my money .
i was really excited to get this ,  but was disappointed .
this is a lemon !  the only thing nice i can say about it is the retro styling .
but otherwise ,  i put this on my phone and immediately removed it .
i saw the other reviews ,  so i wasn t suprised .
sorry for geeking out ,  point is ,  the tea is not worth your money .
the product itself should cost around $ and shipping should be less than $
was waaaayyyyy too harsh for my sensitive skin .
i accidently ordered one that was acceptable rather than like new .
i purchased this gadget at a local wine store and assumed that meant it was useful .
i was excited to give these a try .
learn from my mistakes . this knife is hard ,  but very fragile .
should be redesigned to hold the unit more securely while charging .
buy from another seller or buy another brand .
it is a poorly designed device which barely drips the coffee out when used with ese pods .
there are num_num prongs that hold the lid on the carafe .
i have bought tons of screen protectors for num_num different ipods  touch  and num_num different iphones .
actually ,  you only need to use these headphones a few times before the ear buds get clogged with earwax .
stopped working after i used i it once .
i purchased this device to play my ipod in my car  a bmw num_extend
it s not worth returning for the price i paid but i would not buy again .
i feel there are better alternatives with a comprable price point .
i wasn t expecting a full blown starbucks ultra fat frappucino taste ,  but at least somewhat of a coffee taste .
its ok ,  but seems not that much different from local cheaper brands to me .
even though this unit is very compact ,  it s weirdly clunky .
the  lip  at the top of the pan prevents the viscous liquid from coming out by gravity when tilted .
so i decided to buy what looked like the same quality earphones from sony .
this past weekend i needed to do maint .
i went through the manual ,  readjusted as instructed etc .
these headphones hurt the insides of my ears and the sound quality is not the best .
i m going to take a knife to one to see if i can do that .
i purchased a gomadic charger for this device and it simply does not fit well at all .
amazon contacted them and they told amazon that they would refund my money .
fortunately ,  i can remove the pot for cleaning .
the rubber bottom wears out quickly especially if you use it allot .
and a cradle or more expensive travel kit is needed for use with a second computer or travelling .
then i purchased the lg bluetooth headset and same problem .
you should be able to charge from any source ,  as long as it has at least num_num ma .
i ordered this to use with the sports tracker software used on my nokia num_extend cell phone .
i cannot find a pan to fit my toaster oven of this thickness ,  with a good non stick coating .
i spent money on the more expensive num_extend batteries ,  and they seem to last longer .
might want to pay a little more and get the made in u . s . a .
the num_extend is a hit or miss product for me .
i almost didn t notice that there was music .
it tasted like coffee grounds with water ,  i couldn t even finish the whole drink .
to me its just dumb to waste money on headsets when you have a good one for cheaper .
what amazon is presently selling isn t what you re getting .
they are cheap but i have had more expensive ones break also .
it looks and feels like a regular ,  cheap lotion .
the pants are pretty comfy for relaxing around the house but the material is very very thin .
i give this a num_num based off my usage .
what i like is that the item got here on time ,  however its way tooo big for my phone .
something i could  get used to  however it is num_num inches thick .  .  . which i know is in the description .
this doesn t seem like a problem until you try sliding extremely easy to stick velcro into them .
i don t know if it s because the battery is so big and bulky or what .
i was excited to get these ,  because of their size .
it is loud and noisy !  and ,  no ,  i don t get used to loud noise at any time of day .
overall bluetooth promises simplicity but in my experience was anything but .
i bought two and only the car chargers still working .
i shop enough on amazon for them to deal with this referral to ebay .
i ended up returning the second hub and buying another brand .
so i was excited to try out this product . unfortunately i have sensitive eyes .
as a holder only it is ok ,  but you don t have to spend $ for that .
purchased the item plugged it into the car s num_num volt port and plugged in my galaxy num_num phone; nothing .
it had such favorable reviews that i am very disappointed mine was faulty .
it s not worth the investment in the high price they are asking for this item .
yuk ! i frankly do not know where these people get off charging such a huge price for this !  .
it only cost $ but the shipping was $
it doesn t smell horrible ,  but it doesn t smell good .
i ve owned other microfiber and rubber tip stylus pens ,  so this isn t my first experience .
this is not a reliable product ,  and was not worth the premium price i paid for it .
i had to grind out the opening where the brush is held to allow it to go in properly .
plus ,  i am now angry over a stupid waffle maker .
i kinda expected that based off of reviews ,  that s why i bought num_num in the first place .
someone else may like it ,  but i sure didn t .
and a couple of bruder ones which haven t even faded ,  tho one did break a small part .
it was nowhere near as pretty as in the picture .
i wished i wouldhave returned it but i didn t notice it til it was too late .
often ,  the component added spills or gets on the mixer . the rim of the bowl is too big as well .
so bought this in num_num and the low speed which i know how to use .
thought when a label said durable it meant it would last more then num_num hours .
this was my first attempt at trying this kind of tea .
i was trying to avoid yet another electric gadget ,  so picked this item up at the hardware store .
i had to end up buying a different toy because this one looks so cheap and is so little .
i ll try to figure out how to update this review when i compare the two .
i own tons of knifes from chris reeves knives to china made num_num $ knifes .
i will say that when i returned this item back to amazon ,  i received a prompt refund .
even use the now almost antique ceramic coffee cone to brew cups individually  they re better brewed that way  .
i didn t have any luck with this product !  .
i think i might just return the product .
after having a read a few reviews on here ,  i became a little concerned .
maybe it is my unit ,  but i would not buy it again .
i was hoping that this screen protector would be better than the outrageously overpriced invisible shield brand .
overnight ,  the blue light indicating battery life came blinking on ,  so i guess the battery isn t dead .
it s very fragile and it s not work the money .
i never really was satisfied with it ,  though it may have made my knives a little sharper .
this stuff worked well at first ,  but it eventually started to peal and fall off after a few months .
i ended up buying koss portasound num_extend instead which sound much better .
i give it a num_num out of num_extend
sweet potatoes are not supposed to be chewy .
i returned this back to amazon and was refunded on time .
it proves you only get what you pay for .
we were expecting better quality material to last a bit longer .
he at least did stuff in num_extend and num_extend
now it s almost unusable ,  although i keep applying steam to it and trying to straighten it out .
the suction cup on it was the . sticky type and it would suction to about anything .
i made the mistake of buying this num_num years ago for my then num_num year old .
there s really little to praise about the headphones .
the scissor are not as sharp as i expected .
i wasn t expecting it to be so oily .
i would save your money to buy brushes one at a time instead of buying this junk .
i was not happy because the case was the wrong size for the phone .
minding that i do a lot of cutting ,  and i used this on every knife around the house .
i believe this would be much better fit if some rubber backing was applied to at least one side .
i m sure it fits some cups ,  just not any that i use .
nice idea but i don t think i will buy these again .
my two kids have no problems with it .
so i ended up getting the sennheiser num_extend  which are $ here  .
these were made in china which i did not know when ordered .
i have had many cutlery sets and not one has ever rusted .
this is more of an inconvenience than anything else .
when the lip is locked under the bezel of the phone the buttons don t line up right .
unfortunately i purchased it as a gift for my gf and am not around to return it .
first ,  it is taking more work to wash it ,  while i can just toss the paper filter .
can t believe i used this for so long .
i used it a few times and then got rid of it .
i m pretty sure the num_num hour batttery will last between charges since i don t drive long distance much anyways .
teait has a decent flavor but it tastes too diluted .
i have to strain my eyes to read documents on the screen .
i have a num_extend generation num_num gb ipod .
the handle does not look or feel like the normal oxo .
i just didn t get the same results as the num_num star reviews .
i sent it back to be replaced ,  and i got the same ,  wrong product .
but i am not sure i will like it that much .
then there s the occasional weird aftertaste these have to them that s somewhat unpleasant .
the belt came off almost as soon as we took it out of the package .
these cookies would have a lot of flavor ,  except the cookies were overly sweet .
i ve tried different charging leads ,  charging from num_num and num_extend car battery ,  etc .
it is very loose and i use it mainly at home sitting in one position without moving .
what was in there only lasted me a few weeks .
i sent this one back and bought another one at sam s .
they include instructions with the device ,  but they aren t clear ones .
boy ,  almost feel like scrooge writing this review among all the glowing comments from others .
if you need to enlarge them at all ,  you should be at least at num_extend
however i was making a ginger molasses cookie  with a very stiff dough ,  and the scoop handle slid off .
the product description needs a lot more information about what it can do .
i know that the main reason that people buyer this rice cooker is to make rice in it .
which the handle was longer since you cant get a good grip on it .
i worked num_extend today my battery is on % now ,  tell me it wasn t the case .
sure glad i had not bought them for someone else .
i m not a connoisseur of tea or coffee .
too hard to get on and they don t work well .
it is wide enough but it is not long enough .
i would sacrifice more adhesive for a more secure screen protector .
i think there are better products on the market .
there is minimal sound leakage ,  though ,  from the headphones outwardsound : everyone has different taste and expectations .
plastic handle is corrosion and somewhat slip num_extend
so i tried the lighter colors ,  because those could be salvaged for contouring or eyebrows or something .
i have to say that it did not work that well .
i d still consider buying a new one for the price ,  but still ,  the fragility is disturbing .
these are a product of china ,  and i don t trust their content .
i don t recommend this for people trying to cover tattoos or any large dark spots like my bruises .
it could just be me ,  but i had a hard time keeping this thing connected to my wireless router .
there was some improvement with the filter ,  but the coffee was still murky .
this is what i don t get about some amazon reviews .
i wanted so badly for this product to work .
i looked at the toaster oven and the light was on .
:   at least it was super cheap though so i didn t waste a lot of money on it .
you get what you pay for so i wasnt too upset .
i bought two of these bottles ,  and both had the same issue .
i really thought this was a shield for the back of the phone .
i ve had this for close to a year and it doesn t work .
i ordered it ,  discovering that it wasn t what i wanted only when i opened the box .
and ,  after a while ,  they start to hurt in your ear canal ,  and are just all around terrible earphones .
bought to save money but used twice the amount .
i think the wattage ,  ohms or voltage may be a factor .
i m using this case to store a mosin nagant and i expected a solid hard case .
this item is not suitable for my delonghi ec num_num espresso machine .
a shame really cause they are very pretty .
i was expecting these to be as small as those were .
this one falls apart and when we put it back together ,  it doesn t always spin right .
$ off plus a % off coupon ,  and i am so glad we did not pay full price .
radio now works ,  but sound quality remains poor when above minimum volume level .
so obviously ,  i am not happy with this product .
this is equal to the really cheap products out there .
there are much better toys out there for less money ,  that will last longer .
i opened num_num and was able to return num_extend
i am really disappointed as i purchased this because of all the good reviews .
this headset would not stay in my ear no matter how hard i tried .
i ended up giving it to my son who has num_num cats .
it sounds like it is coming in over a cb radio or a walkee talkee .
i ll have to find another armband that has enough room to allow a phone with a case .
when the box arrived ,  it was not factory sealed .
you may be better off paying a bit more and getting a better tool .
i have never gotten a bad product from them until now .
they feel a little cheap ,  but they are cheap .
heats quickly but puts out only small amount of steam .
no wonder it s num_num servings from only num_extend
i think i m just going to turn it into a cabinet for other things .
mine starts steaming in about num_num minutes ,  but it s a minimal amount .
the music and the sound effects are lacking and there s no ambiant sound .
if i were only reviewing the sound quality of these headphones i d give them num_num stars .
should i give the speaker another try ?  i really did like the product if it would only work .
when you compare it to the zero lemon batteries that are out for this phone .
let me start with that i m a heavy coffee drinker ,  primarily flavored coffees .
unless you want to chug your drink ,  be prepared for your drink to go flat .
yes ,  its a step up from a blade grinder ,  barely .
i wish i had known this before the purchase .
what i got as one where the packaging had been opened and taped back shut with packing tape .
i can t really rate this adapter since i can t get the wireless lan to work .
i have been on a low calorie ,  low fat ,  lower carb diet  i . e .
i wish the lid would stay on better and it would be a much better toy .
i gave it num_num stars because it wasn t terrible but it was certainly below average .
i thought it felt greasy and didn t do much aside from ,  we ll ,  make me feel greasier .
my original sonicare lasted num_num years and never had a drop of mold in it .
my first thought are that i thought the box was on the small side .
i called the company and they said to replace the filter .
eventually i replaced it with a linksys num_extend
the inner case is very hard to the point that it could damage your phone .
i m not discouraging anyone from buying this but beware because it might not work .
too bad because i walk a lot and really need comfortable shoes !  .
other than that it worked ok i guess .
i sent my first one back through amazon s generally good return policy ,  and requested a replacement .
even on the max volume setting ,  there is little to no unnecessary background noise .
the hard plastic in your ear is just to uncomfortable .
these pants did not fit as i expected even though they are my size .
had to replace the battery a second time .
should have just got another zagg screen protector to replace the one that came off .
the yellowish camo on the case makes the case looked like used .
based upon the reviews here i hoped the sound would have been at least consistently good .
otherwise ,  it just has this odd spongy texture to it ,  i think .
in fact ,  i think the spoons are made too thick and makes scooping a little difficult .
i have only used it twice in the past year .
when they are used with a pan that is actively being heated ,  they just can t handle the heat .
can t figure out why the hose has terribly aweful suction .
maybe ok if you have a small camera ,  but it s too flimsy to support an slr .
unless you are at least a size num_extend do not waste your money  !  .
it doesn t rotate food very well inside the blender jar because of the narrowing bottom .
if they were at my local grocery ,  i might give twenty to thirty cents per can for them .
these little snacks are like mini skinny pop tarts .
i have been using this for a couple weeks now and i am not at all impressed .
i m not sure if it s because my ear is oddly shaped ,  or if it s related to the device s design .
unfortunately ,  when i plugged it in ,  it just doesn t work .
the only good thing about this is the remote that comes with it .
ah well it was only a couple dollars anyway .
well i only used this one for a week ,  so can t really comment on the effectiveness i guess .
i could see this brush being helpful when washing your dog though .
i know i am now looking for a new one .
it s cheap and you never have to worry about using too much data .
i didn t keep it to long after receiving it .
their light is too weak to be of much use .
the charger works okay ,  but i had to take it apart and solder one of the connections .
i ended up spending an additional $ to buy the items that i didn t know i would need .
not a huge deal but wanted to mention .
it was not rubber but plastic and would crack easy .
not a comfortable earphone so it doesn t matter how good it sounds .
i saw no noticeable difference using this product .
i tasted this product at a friend s house .
at least for me it dose not work much .
consequently ,  i ve ordered a similar model :  the photive portable battery charger with lighning connector .
i m not as pleased with this screen protector as i thought i would be .
so i m giving this supplier a num_num star .
but the vibration strength on this item is pitiful .
however with this router i am only be albe to connect one computer to the network .
their is just way too much going on for such a small screen ,  you cant help but get disoriented .
when you package something cheap then it feels cheap .
don t buy these if you want them to work for more than a few years .
if you sharpen your knives yourself as i do ,  it s not that big a deal .
it would probably melt the insides and cause it to malfunction if you let it get too warm also .
just slightly cheapish in the plastic quality and construction .
the picture quality was very grainy ,  especially on skin and plain surfaces such as walls .
i only used it maybe num_num times before the temps went nuts on it .
i m num_num and just began drinking coffee  i m a late bloomer  .
the worst is that this thing is loud .
i read all the reviews and there was one that had a twisted strap .
they replaced the bowl with the broken handle .
i have returned the tiffen to amazon ,  my fav online .
the first time i used it the battery cover popped off .
i turn it on before i place it on my ear .
anything within two feet of the grill simply gets far too hot to be useful .
i cannot recommend unless you like watery weak coffee .
i bought this on march num_extend num_num and it started to act up about three weeks ago .
the handle is a thin sheet of stainless bent and hollow underneath .
num_extend num_num and used it quite a lot in num_num months . fast forward to may num_extend num_extend
amazon was awesome when i called them and told them the product was  .  .  .  ,  and they accepted my return .
had to use ammonia to get it off and to get my stove shiny again .
if you are going with extra width ,  i would go half a size smaller .
it has kind of a weird smell also .
i have the hz num_num and i ordered this newer version but i didn t like it as well .
i only paid $ for the num_num oz .
was worse then my regular battery ,  which was used for num_num months .
while it won t look quite so fancy ,  the feel won t be all that different .
the settings are either really low or really high !  .
it was cheap ,  but i wouldn t buy it again .
i would have wanted to know if amazon . com is an authorized b+w dealer .
the display does dim at night by sensing ambient light in the room .
was excited to see this listed on amazon .
i have been using this product for a couple of weeks and have had no problems .
num_num stars only because shipping was fast and material was soft .
i was excited to try this kit ,  but promptly returned it .
i would gladly pay double for these if they were as good as they used to be .
this one gave me barely any streaking and lasted a couple of days ,  same as most .
it is the first one i ve had that would jam up like this piece of junk .
it wasn t as large as i expected  yes ,  i know i read the dimensions ,  but it seemed smaller still  .
my son tried it for an iphone num_extend and it didn t charge at all .
i have purchased peppermint oil from whole foods and a little bit went a long way .
but the waist a little tight don t fit like my other ones i have purchased .
when i received the product i was going to run errands that day just to see what happens .
the corner of the case cracked ,  so it isn t as durable as one would think .
this is not particularly inexpensive as far as screen protectors go .
i read the other reviewers who had similar problems before i bought this .
don t count on this phone to record and save photos and videos .
clean the plate and stamper and card after each apply with acetone remover with a cloth not cotton balls .
not nearly as good as my motorola headphones .
it s definitely not something that s portable due to its heft and awkward size .
it didn t seem to taste like chocolate or hazelnuts . i don t really think it had much taste at all ,  really .
well ,  when i opened the box ,  i couldn t believe my eyes .
so i can t advice to get a larger or a smaller size than your actual size .
feels uncomfortable in the hand while using it .
i put my phone around % and plugged it in .
i stopped using it ,  tried it again ,  same thing happened .
perhaps this problem will pass and all will be as it should be at some point .
it was too big and the cutouts or lack there of did not match my ports .
not to mention i live near a cellular tower .
so i am gonna be returning it even though i got it so cheap .
it does work ,  but the loudest sound  via headphone  is barely adequate .
it is also a bit oddly shaped to get any pressure to remove anything .
although i have a covered cat box ,  the stench managed to permeate my apartment .
i really don t see any difference in his vacuum vs a vacuum i can buy for num_num bucks .
i have never purchased a knife as dull as this one ,  believe me ,  i buy a lot of knives .
but the texture is particularly odd . for years i made my own fruit leather .
there is no problem at all with product itself ,  or the company i bought it from !  .
i guess i got what i payed for because it was very cheap .
i had to add a comment after reading the other reviews .
i know the batteries are not dead ,  as i had monitored their level .
the shiny handle material on mine was all scratched .
i m not a huge fan of the reflectivity if i m going to add a screen protector .
when i matched my hair to the color of the box ,  the color was not the same .
that is what i thought i was receiving .
i did exactly that the first time i used these ,  as did my boyfriend .
this was not what i thought it would be .
they did sound good while they worked ,  but alas ,  they do not both still work .
i paid the same amount for this new bag as the ones i purchased in num_extend
pros : i ve had two garmin num_extend and one garmin num_num for years .
the  i  and  l  also look too similar .
not !  !  !  !  my coffee was brewed at num_num and maintained around num_extend
not that special of a thing for me .
i only used it twice and it no longer works .
looks like i ll be looking into another brand that fits out needs better .
i already had earbuds and i really needed the microphone .
i was getting them for my sister who has alzheimer s end stages .
not bad ,  but not great . i definitely would not have bought this headset if i was to do it again .
i like smoky green teas ,  like hojicha ,  but i don t like that flavor in plain green tea .
i have received this product and have not used it yet .
even when put up against a light ,  you can not see thru .
overall i m just barely satisfied with this model ,  and very unhappy when compared to my prior  stolen  canon powershot .
i was looking forward to these bars ,  since most of the reviews were great .
use is as an usb power source to recharge cell phone or other gadgets from internal aa num_extend
i ordered num_num of these batteries to go with my droid x .
it is clearly a poorly and cheaply made item ,  with inconsistencies and poor quality control .
i must have bought at least num_num pair over the years .
this thing is heavy and it is hard to wash .
i needed a wired router and actually don t know what this is for ,  although i looked it up .
for the price i was hoping it would be better constructed .
the one i received almost seemed like it was used instead of brand new .
plus ,  if i upgrade my phone ,  i have to go and buy another num_extend
i wouldn t buy them again ,  the concept if great but not for me .
bought my second through ebay in num_num or num_extend
was too small for what i needed so i returned it .
this was a perfume i had to wash off .
my num_num year old was given this for his birthday .
it was worth the initial cost ,  but not now that i ve had to do so much with it .
it is scary difficult to put on to the point you are afraid you will damage your phone .
i tried this the first night that i received it .
customer service said that the carpet cleaner would be significantly discounted if i decided to keep it .
this product seems to have two major reviews :  it either works or it doesn t .
after a couple of weeks of use ,  the rubber portion starts to separate from the plastic .
as this one did not ,  i reluctantly decided to give it a try .
it s a blackberry product and is made for my model phone but it does not fit securely .
it doesn t take up a lot of space ,  but it s not tiny either .
so i can still charge the mophie but have to charge my iphone separately .
i purchased this in january to use with my nikon num_extend
once it was off ,  i could easily slip it on and off again without removing the screw .
seemed to clean ok but i couldn t really spend a lot of time scrubbing ,  what with that sickening odor .
it says to use for num_num days ,  twice daily .
perhaps it is old or perhaps not even the actual product .
maybe i had a defective one but i just returned it .
when i compared the two chargers ,  they were identical .
product did not meet my expectations but did arrive in a timely fashion .
yet ,  if i remember correctly ,  that game sold for only $ when it was brand new .
i know after all these reviews i was excited to purchase .
i rated num_num stars becasue they are not complete junk .
the thing still works after a month ,  but makes horrible mechanical rattling noises as it plays .
could have gotten the same tool for half the price from other sellers .
i was excited to get this because of the extra battery .
i will go back and look into purchasing one like the one this one was going to be replacing .
the rubber case is a little cheap to .
it was literally out of the package for less than a minute .
so now ,  this product is basically a towel .
regretfully ,  i decided to buy this anyway based on the reviews .
i was expecting one ,  like the one that came with my phone . the picture is inaccurate .
so ,  basically ,  i m not at all satisfied with this product .
the screen protector is thicker than average ,  but i think this may be a fatal flaw .
some things work ,  some key things don t . i paid about $ for this after rebate .
i am going to buy some heat diffusers and give this griddle another try .
just got this yesterday ,  as ive used arkon mounts before this was no surprise as to the quality .
these were similar to ear plugs i had used and really liked ,  but these are terribly uncomfortable .
this product is so overpriced for what it is .
i would not have purchased this if i had known that i would receive a cheap generic substitute instead .
i have arthritis in both hands and this was supposed to be easy gripping .
also ,  i have probably purchased three or four filters for it already .
i have used the for pancakes and for eggs and both leak .
after num_num days ,  mine which was the first one installed ,  has a scratch .
but it has a very strange texture and consistency .
i would recommend using your phone too charge battery s over this charger .
i purchased a new verizon droid from a verizon store num_num days ago .
i knew it was inexpensive when i bought it ,  but i didn t think it was cheap .
this did break after the second time i used it .
i came to amazon to buy the game but after reading the reviews decided not to spend the money .
it looked shiny ,  but more like i hadn t washed it in weeks .
i do not think there was anything wrong with the product itself .
also the list price is too high on this amazon site .
upon receiving this item ,  i thought everything was working okay ,  until i tried to use the camera .
i said okay maybe it is me let me read the manual more closely .
for my iphone ,  i tried to pair it num_num times .
thank god i only spent $ bc it was in sale .
these could easily become splinters in their little fingers .
my voice isn t really all that high either .
i highly recomend num_extend rather than this garbage .
it s very sticky feeling if you touch it ,  and leaves hair with a slightly greasy shiny appearance .
this was barely drinkable hot ,  and given the taste it would have felt better if it were caffinated .
i just think there are better quality out there .
most batteries will state its mah rating but not this one .
shocked to find out when i opened it that it was plastic .
i was hoping for a better image from this headset .
i know someone is going to find this review unhelpful just for the fact that s it a negative review .
i couldn t understand how i was measuring bigger instead of smaller ,  well now i know .
i bought this as a family christmas present and was very disappointed .
all it had were num_num very minor little scratches on the back .
if they could change these things ,  i would purchase another in a minute .
i am writing my review to support that claim .
bought a replacement and it did not work .
the only good thing is that they are reasonably custom sized .
they are light weight at least . whatever ,  num_num pairs of chopsticks for $ is okay .
the night shots are not so good since it has only a num_num sec twilight mode .
i ordered a wide size but they just don t work for me .
the battery is tooooo big for the phone .
very cheaply made and broke before i got it .
it was easy to assembly out of the box but i found it very cumbersome to work with .
i turned it off ,  washed it off ,  and then it never worked correctly again .
i like the idea ,  but the actual product wasn t very good .
the earpads are hard to adjust to your ears .
this is the cheapest piece of crap i ve ever seen .
i was surprised at how ,  well ,  cheap it appeared .
frankly ,  i can find nothing whatever to recommend this product .
the only reason this caught my eye was that it was a qwerty keyboard .
my computer handles halo ,  num_extend and ut num_num with no problem .
it just has too much going on and it s very heavy and overpowering .
this is one of those  you get what you pay for  items ,  and i would not recommend it .
you d be hard pressed to find a worse product .
why do i rate this game num_num star ?  there are several reasons .
looks like it will be around for a little longer ,  but i didn t expect that to happen .
i went to the website ,  youtube and followed the instructions .
i bought two of these microphones from kohl s and paid less than $ for each of them .
i chose this one based on price and no other criteria .
this had mixed reviews so i figured i would fall on one side or the other .
too bad ,  all other pachmayr grips i have used are perfect .
the only pro about this product is that it s cheap .
after reading the reviews on this product i thought it was going to work amazingly ,  i was wrong .
first off ,  let me say i did not order this from amazon but bought it at a dept .
i had the replacement unit in num_num days after contacting them .
i used the grill to cook hamburgers once and i will go back to using my contact grill .
for the price ,  i was hoping for a lot more flavor .
it may work for you but it didn t for what i needed to do .
the corners on these don t stick to the phone well .
if it is aluminum the anodizing breaks down .
secondly ,  the top part does not fit into the top well .
well ,  have been using it faithfully each day; and ,  no signs of improvement .
after misplacing my original ,  i bought this item which looks the same .
num_extend preheat bottle and fill with boiling liquid .
cheap quality and very bad price for the item .
num_extend and my new mac mini running num_extend
i have been using this as advised for over a month now .
i am sure it would work for some ,  but for me it was a disaster .
they replaced it with one doing the same thing .
so i said ya know ,  hey maybe it s not so bad .
i tried this product for a little over num_num weeks .
glad this is working for someone but it doesn t work for me .
i think i paid too much for an inadequate product .
i don t have pale skin ,  it s slightly tan .
when i switched on the light ,  sometimes it s on and sometimes it s not .
unfortunately ,  this didn t occur to me at the time of purchase .
and yes ,  i did not receive the wrong item ,  the packaging indicates the correct model number .
num_extend is the only one it will work on .
it smells like soap ,  it feels like soap .
the camera it self is not so great and the image quality is on the low side .
i write this review after num_num months experience with this humidifier .
i ve only had this num_extend one for maybe num_num months .
of course now i know why it s so cheap .
i wish i would have read these reviews before plunking down the money for this .
i used this item maybe num_num or num_num times in the few months since i bought it .
this is what i get for trying to get something little cheaper .
i opened my box expecting there to be num_num bottles .
i can understand the point of the lock ,  but this thing is a piece of junk .
this hub might be ok if you re using flash drives ,  or other low power devices .
they don t seem to be exceptionally well cushioned .
what you pay for is literally num_num oz .
if you re tall it they will be short .
i grudgingly give num_num stars as it is apparently washable and reusable .
i am doubtful that it will work ,  but may give it a try .
i still had about an num_extend heat island in my skillet .
when the dial was set at num_num degress ,  the temperature in the oven was closer to num_num degrees .
i will then sell the replacement and use the money towards a num_extend num_extend
i heated it and tried it ,  though ,  but the taste was no better .
i unfortunately will not be buying these again .
like most serrated knives ,  sharpening the henkels with a grinder is not recommended ,  this really diminishes the value .
it did not fit my iphone num_extend which had the hard plastic protector .
the thing was useless to me because my device needed a power plug about num_num mm larger .
but ,  rusted really bad after first wash before first use .
it is huge and bulky and the sounds are annoying .
it seemed it had some problems operating correctly .
it was way ,  way ,  way too bulky and cumbersome to live with on a daily basis .
i m afraid i didn t like this set of cookware .
doesn t matter how i installed it , i tried everything .  .  . it still comes off .
i would not spend this kind of money on a charger .
unfortunately ,  this product did not make a difference with our situation .
i bought them cause they were cheap and i got what i paid for !  not good .
this isn t the same oster they used to make .
i purchased this same product from costco recently .
the blade is made of a cheap alloy or possibly aluminum .
maybe it might work for you ,  but i probably won t but this product again .
the expensive one i purchased at sally s fell apart after several years so i had to replace it .
the exterior of the holster is not going to prevent it from leaving the pocket .
what a waste of money !  for the price i paid it should last a lot longer .
i double checked the batteries and they worked ,  just the num_extend player did not .
these used to work wonderfully for me when i was in my num_extend
the fur trim was ok for the price ,  but the stiff ,  shiny fabric looked way cheap to me .
this product is only marginally better than no pan .
i have probably applied well over num_num screen protectors for family and friends .
i purchased this case  and the blue one  for my verizon iphone num_extend
should have listened to the reviews before made the purchase .
i purchased this pot because it was the one shown in the coffee brewer s illustration .
i generally buy from amazon ,  but canon s price is simply too high for this item .
i grind rather the screen doesn t fit well .
which is strange ,  since after about num_num years i have had one problem with amazon .
the glass is very thin and breaks easily .
simply plugged in my phone and it broke .
i gave this case to my boyfriend for christmas .
this radio should be better than it is for the price .
i m not sure yet if these earrings are worth its price .
i am on the fence whether i d purchase this again .
it sort of dulls the screen view a little bit .
i gave this num_num stars because the graphics are pretty nice ,  but thats where that ends .
you may want to consider a different product .
this is a very expensive product too . try something else !  .
either i am incompetent or this thing doesn t want to pair with my headphone by ,  syba .
i figured that a poor waffle iron was better than no waffle iron at all .
it really isn t worth the price or time .
maybe use this as something carried empty in car to fill somewhere when you find clean water .
i went to youtube to find a video ,  i watched and then tried the install again .
i get lukewarm brew now ,  so when i add cream ,  my cup of coffee is cold .
i do have larger wrists but not that big  !  seems to be sized for a very small person .
i bought this mixer in num_num and i have used it less than num_num times .
since ,  they have changed something and it is no longer the product it once was .
this is a usb hub that works only for devices that do not require power from the usb outlets .
poor manufacturing quality the connector is too long and does not properly fit in my phone .
num_extend is better then ea becuase num_extend tries .
the headphones sound nice ,  but after num_num minutes of wear ,  i was getting headaches from the pressure .
this utensil is too long ,  thick and bulky .
it is puzzingly that there are so many positive reviews from a product that is not absorbed .
i misplaced a version i purchased several years ago .
i contacted the company directly ,  and they shipped me a replacement ,  thinking it was faulty .
there are a few scuff marks on the back of the case ,  but very little wear .
i have to update my review after using this rake a few months .
im so disappointed with this case !  !  it is beyond cute ,  even cuter in person .  .  . but .  .  . the sides are not duarable .
the component i was trying to get an upgrade for was a directv receiver ,  num_extend that one .
what a mistake ! yes ,  you can slice veggies such as carrots ,  cucumbers ,  etc .
i wanted something sturdier to protect my iphone .
if i had to do it all over again ,  i would pay a little more for something better .
but i will be purchasing a replacement from another manufacturer .
the coffee in both instances was not bitter and was at least better than instant .
you will need to cut the potato ,  so you can cut the potato .
in the stores this case is over $
that s enough to make num_num batch of pancakes and num_num batch of biscuits  or num_num batches of pancakes whatever  .
perhaps there are some things this pan may be good for but for general sauteeing ,  frying etc .
i have tried the  reset test mode  procedure again ,  thinking it might help ,  but it hasn t .
after a while of play my ears would hurt .
i was left with an undrinkable cup of coffee .
coffee makers last me for num_num times longer than this thing did .
none of the problems i had with the num_extend love my hd num_extend
of product crammed in the can with very ,  very little liquid taking up weight and space .
the locking device doesn t screw as smoothly as i would like .
does not hold the wire in very well and can fall out easier .
even if it did work ,  i wouldn t be inclined to buy it .
the phone does not fit into this junky case properly .
sometimes it connects ,  sometimes not ,  when it does connect sound is crackly and callers claim my voice is garbled .
i used this and i could not see a big difference .
so unfortunate . edit : using my cleaner again today i noticed the brushes do not spin .
this holster ,  while beautiful leather and craftmanship ,  is not it .
one more thing is that looks so cheaper one .
if i had it to do over again ,  i d purchase a different brand of coffee maker .
this was supposed to be a sale from target through amazon .
i was expecting far better from this product .
this item did not fit easily on the ear .
i can t believe they are charging this much for such a cheaply constructed product .
after many years my prior grinder became unusable .
really cute cheap case ,  but it was broken when it arrived .
the bulky design that doesn t nest completely means they take up too much drawer space .
i had thought as it had said that it was built to be sturdy  ,  but its not .
all the tools in the bag are cheaply made .
i used it twice ,  and haven t used it since .
i ve had num_num or so ken onion knives .
any bump i hit caused it to move enough that i feared for the safety of my phone .
i thought my set was a fluke mistake ,  and ordered another set from amazon to replace the originals .
its an ok bumper but the black part started to come off after a few times of use .
i like the snackmaster turkey jerky but wanted to try another brand .
i was hoping to find these for about $ each in bulk ,  but i didn t .
also they use brown rice vs corn syrup as their carbohydrate .
i noticed ,  after purchasing ,  that it needed replacement filters .
this protector has bad cuts around the home button ,  camera ,  ear piece .
since we don t have a costco close to home ,  i decided to search amazon for a suitable alternative .
it works for it s purpose ,  but is kind of cheap and not a sturdy piece of equipment .
i was not very satifiedy with this product .
this knife dulls quickly and can become unsafe to use .
however it seems cheaply made and the felt backing is lumpy and uneven .
they re also thin ,  fairly sheer even when not stretched from bending over .
been running with a num_num foot vga cable into num_extend with no problem .
i feel like it makes me look fatter .
this thing is about as unwieldy as a piece of medium weight plastic .
i must admit it was easy to clean but rather flimsy .
what a piece of crap for this price point .
by this i mean that you cant stow the phone in a pack and expect to hear any music .
i am not the only reviewer who has had this problem .
normally no big deal ,  but here is the problem .
my num_extend bricked itself today after num_num months .
these used to be made in japan but now looks like china .
it is to bulky and you can see through it under your shirt .
the only plus is its portable design but that s it .
i can t even believe these things are so poor in quality ,  but yet the price is premium .
i was looking for something taller as one would expect for an num_num inch whisk .
i tried it in both coffee and carbonated water ,  but yucky both ways .
i was excited to get this in the mail ,  but disappointed when it didn t work .
i have spent over num_num hours on the phone with sony s tech support .
in some respects ,  i m relieved to put the machine out of its misery .
i assume that if you owm low grade knives this would be ok .
way too expensive  i got a used one ,  so the damage was not so bad  .
i thought about getting another since they are so cheap ,  but then i thought better of it .
the price seemed great when i ordered them ,  but ,  i guess you get what you pay for .
i ordered a num_extend and it is more like a num_extend
i ended up with my rechargeable batteries scratched not that i care num_extend
i would advise spending twice the money on something four times better .
the only thing that s nice is the different colors .
this num_extend foot  telephone cord comes out of the package num_num feet long .
it is rather short; could be a little longer .
i am now using the cords with my laptop to charge my phone cause the chargers don t work .
since then i couldn t have it working without problems .
don t wear them . they also give me foot cramp if i stand on these for too long .
sometimes they re just confusing as hell or annoying . controlsthe controls aren t that bad .
but you don t need indiglo to find out what time it isn t .
everything was fine until i built a new pc and attempted to set the pppoe for the new pc .
i was hoping for a good experience ,  but was dissapointed .
the quality seems cheap too ,  like they will fall apart soon .
the blades are not sharp ,  and takes considerable force to get it to slice anything .
even at amazon s current significantly reduced price ,  this simply isn t worth it .
i used it to connect my ihome alarm clock to my iphone inside the otterbox .
well ,  this product simply did not work for me .
to say these are lightweight would be an understatement ,  they are thin as cardboard maybe more so .
requres a num_num minute soak before it can be eaten .
the only good thing is it will not upset your empty stomach .
now after two years the battery last me about two minutes .
when i received the case the silicone cover was cracked .
i don t know hhhhowww people could give it a positive review .
overall ,  the product is poorly executed and not worth buying .
stability means the headset won t come off in the field .
but not in an elegant or complementing way .
however ,  unlike my old bag ,  this zipper does not go all the way to the back .
i used it to protect my refrigerator outlet .
will go back to the other brand i was using when this is gone .
wish i had known that ahead of time .
i used it for awhile but then it chipped and looked like crap .
this can opener did not even last num_num year ,  and i am not hard on my stuff .
and my other nephew made the chocolate chip cookies ,  which were not bad tasting at all .
i guess this is a case of getting what you pay for .
after going through all my reviews on amazon ,  i ran across this product that i ordered awhile ago .
this was my second purchase of this headset .
the graphics are alright ,  but that s the only good thing to say about it .
they left a lot of bubbles after applying .
since this plug is num_extend it should be more than adequate but it isn t .
it worked a few times after that but then stopped working again altogether .
i don t think i m missing anything in regards to the use .
it still charges ,  but it slides out too easily .
but the panasonic plays num_extend not been able to get much radio reception out of this thing .
also ,  the blade quickly becomes dull again and needs constant sharpening .
my hands are not that big ,  but when i hold the handle my knuckles are on the board .
so out of num_num only num_num  maybe  worked .
i didn t expect this to be the real thing by any stretch of the imaginary when i purchased it .
i d say the  large  is really a  small  in normal sizing .
i tried this thinking it would work like swedish beauty but it doesn t .
it didn t do what i wanted it to do so i sent it back and got a different one .
these are made of extremely thin silver ,  that constantly bends .
it works and the price is not bad but low quality turns me off .  . will not buy another .
it had such great reviews but once i got it i was so disappointed .
num_num stars to amazon customer service . that is what i like when buying products from amazon .
i was willing to pay more for better quality .
this is the first cdn product i haven t just l o v e d .
it s a design flaw rather than a manuf defect .
it s ok ,  but really does not live up to the hype .
i suppose it works for some obviously but did nothing for me .
everything i ve cooked so far  biscuits ,  cookies ,  hot dogs ,  fries  has stuck like glue .
ordered one for my phone and one of the cables ripped out like it hadn t even been soldered in .
this was a little frustrating because i was really excited about the low price .
and as i mentioned below ,  it is a proprietary connection ,  so you can t simply replace the micro usb connection .
i bought it because of the several num_num star reviews but wow ,  what an expensive mistake .
it s not what i expected and it is to small .
the chocolate coating had white or cream colored spots .
half of the time i use it ,  i forget until i smell burning coffee .
will never buy another product from this brand .
no pan ,  no mess ,  less cleaning . i tried the sauce with spaghetti .
the smell was also a reason for bathing it off .
it s way too big and looks like cheaply made ,  returned it for a refund .
my conure weighs little more than a regular egg .
i thought peppermint tea was peppermint tea especially since it was keurig .
this toy broke within num_num minutes .  . we thought maybe the batteries died .  . nope .
i will try to sharpen it up myself but i m not really all that great at sharpening knives .
it keeps disconnecting from the phone and the phone is only num_num feet away .
price was good but product going to waste cuz it spills out of ur hand since its soooo liquidy .
i actually used it once before ,  about a year ago ,  and i could tell if it did anything .
for the price ,  it is only around num_num mega pixels which isnt good .
it was not bad looking and i was excited .
it may look like the real thing ,  but it isn t .
so when i made puroast low acid coffee ,  i wanted to have a second opinion .
spend some more money and get a better casing .
in addition ,  the sound quality was not impressive .
the build quality is rather cheap ,  so i took another star off for that .
i was using it in water to rinse and snap !  i had only used it a few times .
but even then ,  i don t think that it s cheap price is worth its many cons .
don t know what happened ,  but it just stopped charging my daughter s phone .
this brush does not hold up to repeated cleanings .
i did not find anything great when i compare this product with other toaster pastries available in the market .
this mouse works ,  but not for detail work .
i have to take it back . these good reviews are baffling .
turns out this was my second time using these .
this product is cheap even for the price .
i had to force the knives into these holders .
i really do wish i wasnt allergic to this or ill buy it again .
when i brewed up a cup according to the instructions ,  it was just too strong for my taste .
the ears are just the right size to be choking hazards . too bad it s not made of sturdier material .
i decided to measure the opening and to my surprise it was over an inch smaller than the description .
you will get better quality by the same name somewhere else .
this maybe for an older model because it doesn t look like anything like the final version .
the temp will often drop down to num_extend
i always heard good things about the speck brand ,  but this just did not cut it .
the color is not flattering; as it appears a bit on the orange side .
it s probably % carrots ,  and potatoes ,  and % peas ,  corn and beans .
can take calls from num_num of the paired phones at num_extend
i had a device that gave a low battery indication ,  so i got one of these batteries to replace .
apparently if you spend more than $ on anything shipped directly by amazon ,  you re almost wasting your money .
after the initial spill of a few drops ,  nothing more comes out .
at first my phone didn t recognize it but then it did all of a sudden .
i genuinely wanted this to work ,  but it didn t .
it s not that it didn t work ,  it did .
thats how hard it is to get it off .
i tried all num_num of them ,  and all did the same ,  not sticking .
the first dog i tried this on was my smaller pup .
i have this same model ,  but without the num_extend addition .
i really wanted this to work ,  but it doesn t .
save your time and money and get another product .
it also doesn t protect the top and the bottom of the phone .
plus ,  the second time i put it in the dishwasher the top part cracked in half rendering it useless .
never in my life have i experienced such an overhyped lousy product .
they are only used num_num times a week at most .
it was about num_num times the current price of this product .
if one manages to put on correctly ,  however ,  more force is needed to activate the touch screen .
i had grind and brews before and the coffee would end up all over the counter too .
the rubbery texture makes it difficult to attach a cell phone case .
to have paid more than $ is ridiculous . not worth it all the way around .
as you may imagine ,  this radio sounded better on am than on fm .
randomly my phone will stop charging then start back causing the screen to go on and off constantly .
i was looking for a long cake pan .
i was already in the market for a new kettle when this broke .
i ordered a size smaller after reading the reviews .
you get what ya pay for i guess .
it s also hard to get all the bubbles out of these too .
and ,  now i have to buy a new pin .
i got it to attach to my frame no problem ,  and the lock itself seemed ok .
i have thinner hair and this just seems to weigh it down .
it still works ,  but the annoying sound isn t worth it .
when i got it back there were pieces missing .
last christmas i bought a big set of these dolls for my num_num num_extend to num_extend girls .
i read the reviews here and don t agree with most of them .
like a previous case i purchased ,  it worked well but broke after a couple of weeks .
waste of money ,  and a big pain in the butt !  it even feels like it s squeezing my phone .
it felt more like i was rinsing out a somewhat harsh shampoo .
nothing went in the garbage and my woodwork ,  floors ,  bike ,  bathroom and husband s sneakers were all magically clean .
i purchased another one locally for a previous phone that was real rubber and much thicker than this one .
i don t think it was worth the money .
or ,  if you were using it on a dark trail ,  it might be visible from a short distance .
this device has a problem maintaining a wlan connection .
makes my glasses super grippy  not worth the discomfort though  .
the powder mixed easily with the water and it looked like tea .
and very distracting . i noticed it right away ,  as soon as i sat in the driver s seat .
i think this was on sale because the lid doesn t fit properly .
paid about $ for this and even that small amount wasn t worth it .
i d much rather deal with a cord than struggle with this b and d abomination .
as with other reviews below ,  i couldn t believe the very cheap and lousy sound quality from these earbuds .
now i get num_num beeps ,  a wait ,  and the  pairing  .
but amazon stands by its customers ,  thankfully ,  or else i d be out of luck !  .
you also can t use it while it is connected to the charged ,  so you are just sol .
grabbed my smoothie ,  sat down and begin to eat .
you apply the plastic protector to the video screen and then remove the sticky tabs from it .
then ,  it got to smelling sour ,  so i washed one .
i am sorry to rate this with one star .
use it only to power num_num watts or less  assuming you use about the full length num_extend thoughts .
i bought this for the novelty ,  but i had to send it back .
omg i could not believe my order of concentrace when i received it .
i usually listen to sennheiser num_extend or akg num_extend
it may be perfectly fine for some ,  but it didn t quite fit for me .
it s just unbelievable .  .  . glad amazon is letting me return this .
i want my things to smell clean ,  not like i took a shower in cheap perfume .
would be better with a hinged lid  the box is also big and clunky .
if you re looking to set up a wireless network ,  look past the linksys num_extend
i m so glad i didn t spent much on this junk .
it doesn t seem to work as well either .
and all i can say is that i guess this product works for some people and doesn t for others .
the reviews were pretty good on this product but the performance is really lacking .
the key is to use only a small amount .
you either go cheap with a questionable brand ,  or go fairly expensive with a better brand .
apparently this works for some ,  but it didn t for me .
but ,  after the initial couple uses ,  every single waffle i ve made has stuck .
i don t like how this color looks in reality .
certainly not what i thought it was going to be .
the unit will turn itself off automatically after that .
i read num_num reviews on this hrm before buying it .
visually ,  it started out well ,  but eventually it just became old .
i set it up as the manual explained and started writing .
my advice is to look elsewhere for a charger ,  i m checking out the reviews for one myself .
as a novice knife collector ,  there s something about this knife i luv and hate .
it just didn t have that nice coffee smell .
can t figure out why it cost so much either .
i guess for the price ,  i should not have expected so much .
it leaves so much sludge in the coffee that it s distasteful to drink .
also buttons did not respond as quickly as the other three digital timers i ve used .
and in the hand not nearly as versatile as a typical blade .
i will continue to try them out until they are gone ,  but i doubt i ll buy again .
it is very short in the back and in sleeves ,  but front is marginally ok in length .
i was disappointed with the flavor  not fruity enough for me  .
i can run it over my lip and it will stain parts and kind of run off of areas .
it doesn t work ,  i had them send me a replacement and it was still horrible ,  don t get this .
at least this way you wouldn t screw up the clock all the time . i hate this timer . d .
i bought two of these and neither one has enough power to properly charge my phone .
it is lit all the time except for the power button which from repeated pressing no longer lights up .
the company that sold it gave me a full refund without any fuss .
i have only had this a couple of days and am surprised at the many negative reviews .
it works in one of my cars  subaru  but not the other  camry  .
my num_num year old daughter wanted a  rainbow  for christmas .
the picture shows two batteries . i ordered this thinking there would be two batteries . there was in fact one .
could be overheating ,  seems to get very hot with plenty of ventilation .
i m not sure most american coffee drinkers would go for this .
i am so glad to throw it away .
it cost me money to have the led display fixed when it failed after a few years .
why not a simple button right next to the cord ? i guess you get what you pay for .
i would not recommend this product for use !  !  .
thats why i liked gold and sliver but this is stupid .
i am num_extend num_num and use it for my neck and it is a bit small .
at first ,  this phone case seemed to be a great investment ,  but i soon found out it doesn t last .
i m not convinced that my batteries are getting fully charged ,  they seem weak after being in this charger .
i see there is another shower brush made out of bamboo .
i get none of what should be in all the reviews that are positive .
this thing is painful ,  and annoying to use .
i have used a couple of types of velcro cable ties in the past .
couldnt get it to snarpen a schrade num_num dollar knife that i ve had for num_num years .
the dimensions are wrong as it s way bigger than num_extend
not really a good fit something seemed off .
now it is out of warranty and the battery still doesn t work .
the product appears to be a quality item so i must assume my application skills are lacking .
this stuff takes way longer than num_num minutes to cook .
it does not charge non apple devices with higher amp charges like it says .
i don t think i would use the bigger two sizes .
one is on a freezer in the garage and the other is on our refrigerator .
bad quality product from what i can see .
the case it self is fine , but the under lying case is cheap plastic .
this toy is not only hazaderous ,  but it is a hunk of junk .
i was doing a stir fry on medium high heat .
it does its job but it couldn t possibly do it much worse !  this thing sucks .
this is instant alright but really lacks rich coffee taste or aroma .
this was my first frye and was eager to add to my collection .
in the title this one states size :  num_extend
i ve had this for almost num_num years now ,  but don t use it much any more .
if you have an xbox num_num i suggest trying that version as i hear its hassle free .
i wish i would have read more of the other reviews on this product .
even the faint num_extend hum one of my subwoofer amps produces was still there .
i was not careful and found out after i received it .
for $ these were too good to pass up .
they are made of plastic and feel very fragile .
the rest of the pants are true to fit ,  like the three strip shorts ,  just not long enough .
my major problem is with the lid of the pot .
the vac no longer sucks water after dispensing it .
i am seriously considering it as my main drive with my old num_extend as backup .
maybe this particular one wasn t right for me but i won t be buying this product again .
i don t see that you have a good way to see if it fit s your vents .
you d be better with another type of case for slightly more money .
the case was ok ,  but its to cheaply made .
so ,  the price was certainly not worth it .
i can t even believe that amazon is carrying this item .
my attitude ,  however ,  is that if it s not worth eating ,  it s not doing me much good .
these knives just won t stay together !  !  bad engineering in my opinion .
it s a shame ,  too ,  because i like the actual product ,  just not the packaging .
initially ,  i purchased the irock to connect a cd player to my car stereo .
the newer version i also bought and had the same problem .
further ,  i can t taste the difference between burr grinded coffee and blade grinded coffee .
bought this one in july num_extend it is now january num_num and i ve only worn it num_num times .
but the sides started falling off and snapped once when i took it off my phone .
i purchase this jar opener to use when my husband was not around .
picked this scope up based upon favorable recommendations on amazon ,  but have been disappointed .
the only thing that is the same on the new version is the general look of the machine .
this stuff just tastes like an ordinary slightly bitter medium roast coffee .
when using the product in the car at highway speeds ,  a lot of background noise is transmitted .
don t buy it even at this low price .
i was so excited to receive this in the mail but it doesn t fit !  .
this product is highly over rated and i don t understand all the fuss about them .
in my opinion if you pay more than $ you re wasting your money ,  unless you re a collector maybe .
i knew it was temporary ,  but it hardly showed up at all and lasted a day .
even with my num_extend and enhanced sound ,  the soundtrack and voices lag and stammer .
i wish i knew that before i ordered it .
unfortunately i can t order it any more due to amazon switching from fedex shipping to fedex  smartpost  .
large phones like the samsung galaxy note ii require something more substantial that sits on the dash ,  i think .
however ,  it didn t seem to work for me .
the plastic is very difficult to remove from it s backing ,  and then it doesn t adhere to the phone .
i have been using this cream for the last num_num months with absolutely no noticable difference .
it may have been me but i think it is a bit too small for my unit .
if i pull the carafe out ,  then coffee starts coming out onto the warmer plate full stream .
i love the small size ,  but the cage itself is weak and flimsy .
the cord shipped to me is a cheap ge brand vs .
although the rubber case included is of decent construction ,  it is nothing to brag num_extend
after seeing the rave reviews here ,  i had high expectations for this bra .
would suggest that the manufactor charge a little more and offer a better made product .
in my opinion ,  i do not find this device to be very productive or worth the money .
the filter gets clogged and has to be replaced sooner than you would think .
there s almost no bass ,  they sound tinny ,  and they easily distort at higher volumes .
there are much better quality protectors out there .  .  . buy ones with better reviews or you ll regret it like i do .
it s cheap plastic ,  with poor fit and finish .
i have had the num_extend for over a year now .
these num_extend bag  are not the same as the other bags on board brand bags .
at only num_extend the cord is too short to use comfortably at the distance i sit from my television .
so when i plugged in in today ,  i fully expected it to run .
decided to try this stuff ,  bought it at a local grocery store because i had a $ off coupon .
turns out that its too snug; returned and exchanged this for a medium  which is too big  .
my iphone is an example of this . won t be getting it again .
i think i ll get the num_extend model instead .
i wouldn t buy this from amazon again ,  and wouldn t recommend anyone buy this from amazon .
i own a lot of num_num x num_num pants .
this cover didn t fit as snugly or flush with my phone .
i should ve listened to all the reviews ,  but no not me .
i used to love these energizer aa lithium batteries .
i am so glad i only bought num_extend
they went outta business so you ll have to look on amazon or somewhere like that for num_num of those .
spend the extra $ and get something better .
i m not sure why this is called a charging cable ,  it does not work as such .
the cleaning cloth they come with literally leaves thousands of tiny fibers all over your screen .
yes this product is not expensive but people save ur money even if it was a penny .
put the batteries in another device to make sure the batteries were okay .
i m just glad i didn t run out and buy it for $ when it was first released .
save your money and find another screen protector !  .
the music is stripped and play at num_extend even if you have num_extend
it is not worth the cost of returning  for the low price paid  ,  but i cannot recommend .
this is a good looking case but it provides poor protection .
some aren t too bad when doctored with some soy sauce ,  hot sauce ,  or other sauce .
then ,  i felt the folding headset to be pretty rinky dink and too fragile for traveling .
when the product arrived it looked very cheaply made and was huge compaired to my actual size num_num ring .
the rest have lasted a week or so at best .
it is made from cheap plastic that breaks under moderate use .
i ve used these liberally for the past month and unfortunately ,  noticed no difference .
wipe off any remaining  white  residue with a damp washcloth .
it is usable ,  but is a very flimsy product .
after being fully charged it recharged my phone to about %
you can take it out of the freezer later and just keep is in the frigde .
thought this was ok until i received another brand and compared .
this is way too high a price to pay .
i m sorry don t trust stuff made in china to prepare my food .
next time ,  i would try another brand that has a better average rating .
hooking the router up with my dsl modem and computer is trivial .
maybe is just me but i don t seem to find a way for my phone to recognized this .
alas ,  it has the very same gearing system as the old one .
when cuisinart tells you to rinse and dry each component they mean it .
i was disappointed with quality of the plastic ,  compared to the little tikes kitchen .
good thing this unit wasn t expensive ,  so i didn t lose much .
product has not been dropped and has been used in normal conditions .
i am glad i didn t pay a lot for it .
this item is made in china . this product does not perform as expected .
i figured it was a bad battery so i bought a new one .
i was a bit disappointed in how cheap these sunglasses ended up being .
no ,  i did not abuse the phone nor the case  it s a new phone ,  remember ?   .
this water stays trapped for long periods of time and turns num_extend
it arrived ,  incorrect style ,  quickly corrected by amazon customer service .
unless you have a receiver and surround sound ,  you will not hear what is ment to be heard .
don t be skimpy on your oil and be sure to coat the side of the dish .
not a hood product ,  wasn t what i expected to large bulky and just a waste of money for me .
this is a shame because i liked it enough to buy it ,  if only it diffused better .
the construction of the case was not as sturdy as other bodyglove cases that i have used .
i would i want to put this on my phone if they already have scratches on them .
it isn t oily that is true because of the amount of silicones it contains .
i think that it needs upgrading by the manufactor .
this product does not seem to work for me .
i tried it again later ,  and the same thing happened .
if i had caught it sooner ,  i would have switched for a size up .
worked with my two macbooks but not my dell laptop .
i ordered this modem to add fax capabilities on my num_num computer .
so ,  how do they sound ? high range :  very harsh when pushed ,  lacks detail ,  very bright .
also the amount of charge that i can get from fresh batteries has dropped significantly .
you need to use a usb plug rated for num_extend to be safe .
it should suit samsung num_extend galaxy tab but it didn t fit perfectly .
the grinds are not held well and end up on the coffee pot .
you d have to put some in the microwave first .
its not good at all .  .  . i have to fiddle with it to work and then it broke .
however ,  the coating was applied so heavily that the chips were gritty ,  and thickly encrusted with it .
i tried to avoid that problem by getting a half size larger due to my wide feet .
the sound is very weak compared to other heaphones and there s no bass at all .
because that s what it sounds like is ,  just a loose piece of plastic inside the device .
however ,  the product itself isn t very soft ,  which makes it difficult to apply .
this phone has terrible battery life ,  a big sacrifice for the thin profile .
the unit also has no problems connecting with a num_num controller either .
no problem with the seller ,  just the product itself .
but so far i haven t felt any difference .
these were awesome headphones until the volume button snapped inside .
i have seen better finished mounts for the same price or num_extend
also ,  only purchase this if you have patience .
if you just want toast buy a toaster .
for the money this cost i would expect a lot better quality .
i wish i had read other users  reviews before hanging this .
the car wash vacuum or a standard vacuum cleaner would suffice .
i have to buy more cords to charge .
i returned this product immediately after opening it .
however ,  the cord ended up breaking after a few months .
i m thinking it is because it has less saltiness .
i am with those who do not like this set .
they look nice but after num_num months the handles on the cups are falling off .
i m not terribly impressed with this product considering what i spent for it .
however on the label it clearly states made in china .
i could use aftermarket plugs on anything below a num_extend
obviously i m looking for a new one now and will try something else besides an oster .
at the time i bought this item ,  it was selling for $
at least it was only $ that i wasted .
i should ve expected it since they were on sale for $ a piece .
i returned it !  in my opinion ,  this toilet is cheap .
it was shipped fast ,  but one use for $ is not worth it !  .
the directions are slight and hard to read .
i wanted this case so bad ,  and it took so long to get to me .
product fragrance not objectionable ,  it seemed to hide the kitty poopie odor well .
it has about num_extend of protein per shake after num_num massive scoops .
unless you have a toy purse dog this product is by far not large at all .
to be fair ,  i am accustomed to nonstick pans thus the num_num star .
some may like this product but i m not one of them .
also ,  the areas of my carpet that i used it on are now slightly bleached .
some have this problem and some say it s ok .
what the description did say was that this product was new .
not surprising it broke so fast when you see how cheap this thing is made .
i guess there is a reason why it is so cheap .
positivei bought this to replace a motion sensor dispenser that failed in order to go back to basics .
i mean ,  in num_num you expect even cheap bluetooth headphones to be ok .
it doesn t feel creamy and glide on like i want it to .
was using this as a stand for when i do facetime on my phone .
i have had them for about num_num months and i still havent gotten used to them .
it tasted like instant coffee that you used to get at bk .
the larger size for some reason does not work the same !  !  !  could be suplier .
unfortunately ,  i would not recommend these unless they are used for a dog that has the occasional accident .
the tube part is very light weight plastic and feels too light in my hands .
i can wash and dry without doing anything else .
was hoping this product would do the job but it didn t .
it is too heavy ,  do not let the title mislead you .
coffee automatic burr mill grinder to replace this one .
purchased this item this july num_num and received it num_num days later .
straight out of the box this product reeked cheap .
i removed the screws ,  removed the bend and fix it up ,  but its of no use .
also ,  they don t flex out at the tip as much as regular blades .
if you like that ,  it s fine ,  but it wasn t what i was expecting .
first of all ,  the product shown here in the image is not what you get .
bose replaced it even though it was a few days out of warranty .
the lower bass is artificially boosted and the upper freqs are rolled off .
i m actually on my num_extend device ,  having returned num_num already under warranty .
the locking mechanism for the handle seems to be much weaker than anticipated .
i have purchased other cases that were the same price but this one sucked .
it defeats the purpose if the only device this works on is my phone .
it s akin to the cheapest generic coffee in the grocery store .
i tried num_num aftermatket batteries also and would get % charge .
it worked well for num_num month and then just stopped working .
so i decided to order another one which was a small size .
it overheats when plugged in to the point where it is hard to touch it .
the cable i received was way more thick as well as the body around the actual num_extend end .
a num_extend pixel screen instead of zire s num_extend num_extend
contrary to the description ,  this doesn t have a rubberized coating .
worked fine for about num_num months and then started acting up .
i wanted to make the valve for my air shocks more easy to fill .
i wrote a review for the other one that is not good .
even though it is washable ,  i would suggestonward multi corp num_num num_num lb .
nothing more to say ,  other then the title . basically ,  they re good for music . very bad quality for voice calls .
but the rubber running around the edges is floppy and just doesn t fit well .
we ll for the price can t really expect something more i guess .
when i got this item ,  it looked used ,  not new .
the  anvil  is cheap plastic instead of brass ,  the catch sticky ,  the handles cheap plastic .
i expected wonders given the stiff price i paid  not at amazon . com  .
i bought this from amazon and i am sorry to say that this unit did not perform as expected .
i have purchased num_num of these through amazon .
then i put some microwave popcorn in it and set it for num_num minutes .
i should have read the reviews and believed them .
although the concept is great ,  this product is not worth the money .
the other colors  same brand  don t clump like this one .
the earphones are fine ,  but they create too much pressure physically on the skull  ears  .
i tried it with few phones and it doesn t work .
im sure some people like it but not me !  !  !  !  .
our cats used to really like it ,  too ,  but not any more .
i wouldnt get it but then again it was cheap so you get what u paid for .
so if you re planning on having this with a meal ,  forget it .
when comparing these screen protectors to other ones on the market ,  there are far more superior ones out there .
the reason why i believe so is that the ear buds are only one size .
so i thought id better order a couple more ,  big mistake .
i know this is a low cost product ,  it should at least work .
this defective piece of junk was returned to amazon the day i received it .
so that s $  and i m being modest here  for such a faulty product .
i never realized how much i use those keys until i was swearing at this keyboard .
i m reviewing this for the product but have not purchased from amazon .
finally they agreed to replace it . the replacement was defective .
it also rattled when the blade was deployed although not nearly as much .
in this products  description it says it measures num_extend by num_extend
i thought it might just need new batteries  those expensive button batteries  .
very thin fabric ,  very short in length even in picture it appears longer .
i should have bought the other one for a few more dollars that folds up .
does my num_num year old like it ?  yes .
the control system is okay ,  but the sound effect quite annoying .
just spend more money on the real thing .
i have used other headsets which never dropped the connection until they stopped working altogether .
i do like how these taste but there is too much dietary salt .
i should of read the reviews before i bought it .
im my opinion this thing was super expensive for the size of it .
this one lasted about four months before it stopped working altogether .
i really don t like the way it s made but otherwise it s cute but just not on me .
overpriced and i was not happy with it .
i was hoping cuisinart had better quality because of the higher price .
obviously it s a low price but it should break the first time i use it .
i m sure plenty of folks would love this product but it s not for me .
this flap is so cheap that with hardly any force flipping it open popped it right off .
way too big and sits way high on my head .
it s like drinking berry flavored milk of magnesia .
it is so messy i don t even like using it .
in short ?  it s heavy ,  unbalanced ,  not so sharp ,  thick blade .
i also had a coupon num_extend that took ten dollars off the price .
i have a hard time recommending this product to others because for me it works inconsistently .
if you like a hard dry cookie like the canadian biscuits you ll probably like newton s fruit thins .
i bought the batteries based on price but i have been disappointed .
i was better off buying the true product from the apple store in stead .
i think others had mentioned that and i probably should have read more reviews on this one .
needed to be reset by unplugging and or restarting my app .
the only positive thing i have to say thus far is that the return and replacement service was prompt .
that s what i get for buying a cheap adapter .
i simply laid the saran wrap over the screen and had a better protector then the digital concepts product .
i waited over a year to review this item to make a proper review .
i am usually a size num_extend stockings should have fit .
first ,  it took me a long time to figure out how to use it .
but my problem was with the packaging and shipping .
i have probably used it a total of num_extend times over the past three months .
it s supposed to help with headache ,  congestion ,  allergic reaction .
i brush them every day now but would like to get rid of the initial build up .
if you have an espresso machine ,  consider another grinder .
when i turned on my music ,  it was still much louder than i would probably ever listen to it .
i have dry mouth symptoms due to autoimmune issues ,  and i thought this sounded like it might help .
after this ,  i may never try another brand .
i know they weren t expensive but these look cheap .
but the taste was what is making me rate this at only num_num stars .
i don t understand how this product can have those reviewsxoxo .
buy the filters in num_num packs or more ,  which greatly reduces the price .
this is a different brand than i ve used before but hadn t considered that this might be a problem .
it s not an expensive item ,  but i don t plan on buying this again .
not to mention that i had to wait over a month to receive it .
i returned the item in accordance with the instructions included in the packaging .
charge doesn t seem to last a day without any use .
i end up putting another conditioner after rinsing it out .
they are very tiny don t look at all like what s displayed .
the only place that it doesn t hurt too much is on the back .
i was hopping to love this scent ,  but it smelled really synthetic and overly strong .
i can now have my morning num_num cups and not feel the acid kick in .
for all that mess the color was pretty weak .
i returned it and received a refund with no hassles  minus the shipping cost to return it  .
the sound quality should be better than it is for the amount of money you re spending .
i don t even know if this thing worked .
i thought i was buying quality when i bought this pot ,  but obviously not .
if you can afford a better filter i would suggest looking at other models .
but the rubber on the side is a poorly made material .
well ,  it worked for num_num seconds and then died .
but it is no longer available ,  so i was hoping to find a similar product on amazon .
i like that it comes in different colors and patterns . the problem is that it s horribly uncomfortable .
so i question whether this is actually from samsung .
for example ,  i have a wireless optical mouse which has a small usb receiver .
they are thin too ,  where i live i need them thicker .
i didn t like the texture and it was way too sweet .
btw ,  their customer service leaves much to be desired .
for those of you who do ,  it s probably a num_num star product .
i used this as i have any other spray tanner .
i thought they were like the ones that come with the smartphone .
of course ,  it cost well over $ and i just don t have that kind of $ nowadays .
i have not change brand of coffee or water :  all of the coffee stuff is the same .
i do not hold out much hope it will last very long .
but ,  since i paid what i paid for it ,  i am disappointed .
it was fairly difficult to get it to stay securely .
i m certain that the holder is exactly as it should be ,  however ,  the product description is wrong .
i do not know how long it will last .
i needed to put two packets for every cup of water .
i will update if the unit fails too soon .
i guess for me it did not work and i would not buy this product .
i really thought these blades would be awesome replacements for my oem s ,  i was wrong .
the bottle is fine ,  but the hardware is really awkward .
i think it s time for me to pour out the rest of this coffee in my mug .
i have been around computers for over num_num years .
i feel like this cable is not compatible with samsung phones .
i was wrong ,  dead wrong ,  this product does not work ,  simply put ,  it s crap .
this might scratch your phone if you are not careful with installing it .
i used this cable to connect my car s stereo with my cellphone .
you have to remove it and try and lift off the lid .
jabra has seemed to take the best headset i have ever used and totally lost the noise cancelling feature .
i returned it and purchased a num_num cup size .
that lasted a few months ,  and then it stopped working completely .
the first time it cost $ to replace with a refurbished unit .
i have owned this unit a little over a year and man what a disappointment .
you can feel and hear it grabbing ear fuzz but no pain is involved .
you can carry only very limited amount of items .
every time i have cooked with it ,  my food tastes like propane too .
i shaped and filed the tips ,  then buffed my nail beds and swiped everything down with polish remover .
after a couple days i tried using the portable feature by installing batteries .
to make a long story short ,  i just got the num_extend one today .
the headset is very uncomfortable and very very cheap .
we are ,  of course ,  all different ,  and what works for someone may not work for all .
i used it faithfully for three months and noticed no difference .
i literally put the case on ,  then tried to use it ,  then took it right back off .
i really wanted to like both of these products based of the reviews but was dissapointed in both .
well ,  the reviews were mixed on this item .
these company products used to be great !  i used the shampoo ,  conditioner ,  spray . it worked !  not the case anymore .
and i m sorry to say ,  i haven t noticed a difference in a month of using this product .
word of advice ,  buy a num_extend and get grand theft auto num_extend you will not regret that financial investment .
it s not whipped and its not hard like chunky blocks .
i will be using it again but nay switch to another product .
it s just not very special in my opinion .
the only time you could really see through it was in the dark .
anyway ,  i m putting up with it for now but expect to be buying another one in about a year .
it seemed like they tried a little too hard to make this a better product .
you get what you pay for and i didn t pay much for this thing .
this broke after only a few months of use ,  which was disappointing .
needless to say i ve stopped using them and i ve gone back to using a name brand .
what one is saving on the price of the machine ,  one would spend very easily on coffee beans .
the inside of the upper lid cannot be removed to clean thoroughly .
inexpensive ,  but you get what you pay for .
i do not recommend these ,  i would not buy again ,  and i hope this helps someone .
notwithstanding taste ,  it pours thicker than any sauce i ve ever seen that it looks  gummy  almost .
i don t get it ,  i don t have this problem with any other brand .
it s not very snug against the phone either .
i tried the car charger ,  it works but can not play and charge at the same time .
batter won t drip through it or anything ,  but butter in a crust ,  or juice from baking fruit might .
unfortunately ,  on the basis of my experience ,  i cannot recommend this product .
it really pains me to give this product a bad review .
not sure i d buy this one if i had it to do over .
now ,  a few months out of warranty ,  the top of the work bowl handle has broken clear through .
i just recently tried this product after having used the sister product , deva curl instant conditioner for over a year .
this charger puts out less than a usb port on your computer .
sigh ,  i m trying now a monoprice one with num_num outlets and num_num usb port .
i found the taste to be off ,  in that i didn t even think of vanilla as i drank it .
i was really hoping this would be better .
of course ,  i had no way of knowing that until i bought it and tried it .
i figured for the price ,  i d buy these qtip brand ,  but boy was that a mistake .
these headphones don t do what they are supposed to ,  cancel external noise .
this product does not fit the way it does in the picture .
i m not sure why but i decided to give it a try and ordered it .
i don t have a lot to say about this battery .
but i didn t expect to wait about two or so months for it .
the chain is cheap ,  very rough ,  kinked in the package ,  and broke when i picked it up .
save your money and time and go with a more official brand .
it is very cheap ,  so don t be disappointed when it breaks .
creates a lot of wind and lifts in the air ,  but it doesn t fly .  :   .
sized poorly ,  not good for a hand axe .
they are ridiculously hard to put on without bubbles underneath and they dull the screen too much .
no i m no longer happy with my order it broke not long after i received it .
the screen protector shield that is included with this case cover does not fit the iphone num_extend
it doesn t have a butter flavor . it doesn t have much of a salt flavor either . so .
i had to replace the battery and couldn t get the cover off .
i returned the unit and received a replacement ,  which i haven t used yet .
and when it does work ,  it doesn t work very well .
i haven t had any problems losing a lens cap because of the threads .
there was nothing wrong with the material or fit ,  just not right for me .
it made me realize it didn t work on the second one correctly .
i used one of these routers at home to connect my desktop and laptop for basic file sharing .
i have used other brands with no problem .
after using these up ,  i will look for another brand that works better .
nothing else was harmed ,  but the new subwoofer would power on but make no noise .
unlike most of nature s way s products which i would recommend to others ,  this one i would not .
not only did i get plastic hooks   that i can bend with my fingertips  .
it used to have body and was shiny .
this won t do that ,  so it s a slow charger .
the plastic needs some foam on the bottom to contact your neck and spine .
however ,  this product literally doesn t do half of what it advertises .
the hose is annoying and is not the most effecient thing to use .
i can barely close it and have to force it down to clamp the locks .
i have seen a picture of it fitted on someones ear and it does not look too bad .
after noticing the phone didn t work any longer i replaced the batteries .
my upstairs and down stairs is hardwood flooring .
this one is ok for smaller projects ,  like one or two chicken breasts .
they don t  fit the ear well ,  and the plastic parts that go on the earphone portions keep falling off .
maybe i have big ears or maybe it s just too tight of a hard plastic build ,  i can t decide .
too bad i wasted the money on it . problems : hard to put together ,  once its put together it falls apart .
of coffee in num_num seconds instead the ideal num_num oz .
i was really hoping for something small i could put in a drawer that would work well .
i suspected it was junk before i bought it and now i m out the money i spent on it .
and if you have one of these grills ,  take precautions like putting a metal bucket under this grill .
secondly ,  they are too heavy to not have flexibility .
i would not recommend this product for energy .
you really do get what you pay for ,  don t you ?  .
that s why i gave it num_num stars instead of num_extend
this turns out to be mostly marketing hype .
why would you sell a double charger that charges one at a time ?  .
i know these are supposed to be healthy ,  but these tasted like they forgot to put salt on them .
it is orange ,  not brown and rather goofy looking .
sometimes it would turn on ,  i d set it in place and leave it and it would shut itself off .
the other case i had bulked the iphone up so much it looked disgusting .
i like they way they smell ,  but most are too strong .
the matte portion of the back of the case was more slipppery than i d like .
not sure why product made not to cover the entire screen .
it is a bit clumsy to use because it is a little heavy and very rigid .
it does not snug well on my phone .
saddly this charger has begun to have issues with the micro usb end of the supplied ac adapter .
i knew for the price the quality wouldn t be that great ,  but i wanted it for the beach ,  etc .
they re messy and get my hands all wet ,  and they just feel weird to me .
i had num_num of the glasses in pieces when they arrived .
these taste like instant coffee with skim milk .
there are far better feeders available including some that are made in china .
amazon has it for $ and that s for a tiny num_num gram num_extend including the plastic container  .
when i received it was still ,  too small .
good thing i only pay $ for this .
i know it s getting rave reviews ,  but it felt cheap to me .
in fact i m going to repack it and give it to my hateful brother for christmas .
too small for me ,  i usually wear a nine .
i called to get a replacement was given a refund instead .
this item worked for num_num months and then would not sync with my new phone .
the blade on this starts becoming dull after appx num_num times of using it .
this particular one i will not buy again .
this last set i bought are not as good .
headphone jack slot it too small for some headphones .
well i lost my other one and decided to try this .
the bowls appeared to be well made but not the handles .
it is cheaply made and does not stay in place .
i plugged in an oem samsung num_extend battery that was down to about % battery life .
the music really isn t that bad ,  but gets annoying sometimes .
it s unfortunate because it is quite a pretty case .
oct num_num the price was num_extend for num_num with subscription .
i glued it back on but it does not look the same .
it worked but after using it for about a month ,  it finally broke .
it tastes like plain water with a hint of ginger .
i unpacked one of them ,  read the instructions and immediately filled out the return request for amazon .
in addition ,  they look like over the ear ,  like scoshe ,  but they are not .
first ,  the case is way too big for this phone num_extend screen  .
unfortunately ,  that wonderful smell doesn t transfer to the actual cup of brewed coffee .
there are other doughs there that i would rate waaaaay better .
it just feels  cheap  to what i thought i was getting being a step num_num product .
so i started to read the reviews and found good and bad reviews ,  more of them good then bad .
it spits out the sides of the lids .
i have used others for a year with no failures .
