spend a little extra and enjoy your investment for life .
i got this knife as a gift and had my doubts that this could be so great .
it also comes in a nice container to help keep them from being damaged .
it does make really good popcorn just treat it gently .
i like it better than the plastic or aluminum ones they sell .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
the handles are not as sturdy as they look ,  but so far ,  so good .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
the thing is pretty large but it works for his home .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
i paid $ for it and think that that is a fair price .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i might just buy one of those too and see which type works the best .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
i chopped peanuts in the food processor and they came out great .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
so far this has been a very useful little pot and i haven t had any problems with it .
i didn t actually purchase this case for an iphone ,  but it works for what i needed .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
but otherwise great !  i need to type seven more words apparently .
you also can use them to mix in ingredients .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this thing is huge ,  but very spacey in enough room to put stuff .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
i was pleased to find i could order a replacement so easily .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
this case is great if you re tough on your phone  which i am  ,  but it is pretty bulky .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
you can use it locally or with the remote .
but you get what u pay for so i m happy with it .
but it cleans the floors pretty well and can clean both hardwood and carpet with two different settings .
thanks to amazon for listening to their customers responses on packaging and making changes to assure safe delivery .
it has rubberized handles and very sharp blades .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
also the coffee maker is very light weight ,  so scoots around easily .
the tea tastes better and the cleanup is easier than the other brand .
others are more expensive but not any better ,  this one is great for coffee lovers like myself .
i love this thing !  i used to have one years ago .
this knife is amazingly sharp although you do have to take care of it to maintain the edge .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
my fiance also got the num_extend on our upgrade .
it didn t bother me ,  and i actually find the  night light  helpful .
i own one and has lasted for years .
you can super easy make essence of orange peel .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
its the perfect compliment to an awesome device . one reviewer complained about this case not fitting his infuse phone .
i don t have a big sink ,  so it s a little tricky to wash ,  but i love this thing .
i was having problems with my phone when my hands were cold ,  this stylus works magic .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
the material is fairly thin and lightweight ,  making them very easy to use .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
it worked fine for just over a year .
very good to have when the old blade starts to give out on you .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
this bc num_extend may not be compatible with apple new devices but it does the job on charging .
doesn t hold too much but i needed it for a few items so it was perfect for my needs .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
if that works i will buy a second one .
i love this waffle maker but it is a pain in the neck to clean .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
the brush got pretty wrapped up in hair ,  but it was easy to cut free .
some of the more expensive headphones intrigued me ,  but in the end it s all about price and quality .
i bought one of these coffee makers several years ago .
has a waxy coating for a nice finish .
this charger works better than the samsung  oem  car charger that i own and paid over $ for .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
if you purchase drinks on the go this cup is for you .
this cable is a better solution that having to open and solder all of your chargers .
another benefit of using the stylus is it eliminates messy fingerprints on the screen .
the blade is extremely sharp and someone could get cut grabbing it .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
so was setting up contact lists ,  watching a facebook stream ,  getting to weather and news . browsing is quite easy .
remember also to preheat the pan to help avoid sticking . enjoy !  .
this was a pleasant suprise that i was not expecting .
i ve had this coffee grinder for almost num_num years and it s terrific .
i will buy more of these if i need it .
they re also fun for baking small amounts of cornbread and cakes .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
just see how it stands the test of time .
the sound quality on these is much better than my samsung wired ear buds .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
the salesman at verizon recommended this ,  so i bought one from amazon .
these are a nice set of measuring cups .
i gave it num_num stars .  .  .  . as a light weight meat grinder it works well .
also ,  it doesn t get overly hot like some external batteries do . i love the wires built into it .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
i bought these on a special sale at amazon .
i purchase this product because it has great reviews .
the quality is good i only got one screw that was discolored .
once you find which attachments to use ,  its a great piece of equipment to have in your cleaning arsenal .
at the time i purchased it ,  it was at around num_num bucks ,  so it was an amazing value .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
the num_num pack is a pretty good value for me since i can leave one in various places .
as far as i can tell ,  this is a brand new unit .
this is my third set of bluetooth headphones and by far ,  the best i ve had .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
very simple to fix flaw in otherwise great product .
but the really nice aspect is the carafe .
works incredibly well; whereas with the original battery i had to recharge it mid day ,  this one last .
good sound ,  not beats quality but one tenth the price .
also ,  i am missing that whole retractable cord thing ,  but i still find this iron is worth it .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
purchased it as a gift but ended up keeping it for myself .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it s strong ,  appears to be extremely well made ,  and makes me wish i d ordered one like this long ago .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
everyone loves  em . the num_extend came out recently and i ordered it today .
i have a dog and two birds so there is a lot to pick up .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
you can hear the motor when dispensing ,  which is a good thing .
i even bought a set for my daughter .
this case is very functional and the phone dose not slip out of the case .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i bought this as a christmas gift for my grandkids .
it holds a nice charge ,  charging my iphone num_num to full charge and then some .
it probably doesn t perform any better than other brands ,  but does look nice though .
it fits well for me but my wife had difficulties fitting it .
but it s much better than paying $ for an otterbox .
i ve been through numerous cases ,  and most of them were alright ,  but this one takes the cake .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
the fact that it s cordless gives it lots of versatility .
i especially enjoy using my frother to make chai tea .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
well ,  this beauty is one great inexpensive knife .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
it is noticeable while in use and does seem to offer a slight improvement vs .
these are not super heavy ,  but they do work well .
they are a good substitute for the high end glasses .
i also just like that the phone isn t bulky and it s easy to hold .
would recommend to anyone thinking of such a purchase .
what can i say ?  it s a usb cable ,  and it works just fine .
it feels comfortable when held because of its relatively thin profile .
after that ,  clean the screen with a good screen cleaner .
even on second highest speed its fairly quiet ,  and the noise it does make is pleasant ,  not distracting .
good quality does cost more ,  so i buy it anyway .
this is the only product that i buy which is us made since really ,  it is that good .
for the price ,  this is a decent waffle iron .
this knife is amazingly sharp although you do have to take care of it to maintain the edge .
they have a really good battery ,  about num_num hrs .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
it takes batteries and they last quite a long time .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
in fact ,  it s the best headset i ve found for the treo  tried plantronics and motorola previously without success  .
these are of old fashion style but with new technology .
so it has a good longevity to the battery .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
they still work great ,  but are no longer shiny .
i have another one that is num_num times that old that needs a few parts but it still works .
i applied this to a brand new ,  fresh out of the box phone .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
great product !  !  this size is a bit hard to clean though !  .
did feel very large and bulky but it was a great case for my phone  :   .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
surprisingly it still worked after we put it back together .
the color is so much brighter than it was in the picture .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
so it feels a little gross ,  but this is normal ,  and it works great !  .
i have been using it about a month and it seems to work fine .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
got this to put all my games and a few bluerays .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
then i got this and i am happy to announce i now use my phone again for real num_extend
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
i was most surprised that it has a heavy bottom .
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
that s what caught my attention and made me decide to purchase it .
this does the job but it is very big in size .
im not exactly gentle with my phone but case keeps it well protected and has a nice little design .
i don t know why this is so hard to find ,  but it s worth searching for .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
they have a great shape ,  weight ,  and don t tip over .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
for knives with good steel ,  requires a little more work ,  but provides a good edge .
i bought one of these for a gift .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
it was hard to pay so much $ but in the end i am very happy with my purchase .
the instructions are good and suggest covering the bacon with a paper towel .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i have used it primarily for cookies ,  but it works great for other baked goods as well .
it charges my rezound battery as well and doesn t take forever to do it .
expensive but it lasts a year with sensible use .
i like how easy this case is to get on and off .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
this is a nice little heater for what i paid $ but would not pay more than that .
it s also handy as a cooling sieve for freshly roasted coffee beans .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
the case is of much better quality then i expected for the price .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
also ,  it s nice that it s white and matches my iphone !  .
works great but only up to num_extend amps .
having front and back protectors helps in that matter .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
so ,  for a couple bucks ,  this thing is great .
i got this mixer about a month ago .
i have a samsung and it works ,  as well as a lg optimus g .
i received these for christmas from my daughter .
i needed an extra one and this one fit the bill .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
well ,  when it arrived it was a lot larger than i imagined !  it would make a nice large cookie .
these are great ,  and i wouldn t worry about other reviewers who said they were flimsy .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
i had read about the charging capacity and should have expected a quick recharge but it still surprised me .
it creates a more even coating and you ust need to spritz a little on .
it is durable which is always a problem with scoops .
a little heavy as it is built right .
if you are looking for a cheap micro usb charger ,  then this is a good option .
this filter is a great little add on to my vacuum .
after several passes on the sharpener ,  my nearly rounded edges came out quite sharp .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i would love to see this item upgraded and offered in a stainless steel version .
for the money ,  it is worth it in my opinion .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
just make sure you re following the directions properly ,  and that everything is nice and fresh .
it works great for that . if i had to grind meat ,  i d prefer my old hand cranked metal grinder .
this was easy enough to put together and seems to be very sturdy .
maybe not entirely necessary ,  but it did work well when i made num_extend
my friends say it hurts their eyes but i like it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i was surprised at how small the unit is .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
i liked it and used it so much that it finally  died  .
i just hope i am able to find as good a replacement !  .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
one great way to add more fat and calories to an otherwise healthy diet .
this charger is better than most of the cheap knock offs .
the headphones fit comfortably in my ear and are easy to take on and off .
the packaging is good and it arrived in package complete .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
i like to have it around the house to use .
this item is a little pricey but well work the price .
i use mine for my homemade soap and it keeps my essential oils smelling great to the last bar .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
although i have only used it once so far it seems like a quality product .
otherwise ,  this product is excellent and i ve had no problems with it at all .
i bought this for a gift and the recipient seemed happy .
these are great ,  and i wouldn t worry about other reviewers who said they were flimsy .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
this was one thing i was looking for and this product has it .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
this is the best bluetooth headset i have ever owned .
i got this to replace one of the collapsible kind .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it helps evenly bake as my oven doesn t do a great job on it s own .
the size is good to slip into his pants pocket .
but treat it with respect  hand washing  and you ll wonder how you did without it .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
they offer good music quality with a few quirks and marginal call quality .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it fits around the ear very well and does not intrude inside the ear canal as some do .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
not super high quality  and for this price you shouldn t expect it  but they ll serve their purpose .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i m normally the sweetened creamer guy but this stuff ,  though strong ,  is so good you can drink without sweetener .
nice charger ,  does the job without using your phone s usb port .
the price of this phone is hard to beat .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
these things are very heavy and high quality .
it feels sturdy and i did drop the iphone in the case once without any obvious damage or issues .
much better price than the chef supply store !  .
i tried the num_extend port ,  and the usb headset port while charging and all is good .
i also tried this out on my cell phone and it does fine .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i even place it on top when i am making rice .
but oh well ,  it s a good price for num_num cases .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
i got this earpiece for my wife to use .
i got this as an upgrade to a smart phone from a plan old phone .
definitely worth the num_num bucks or so i paid for it ,  and then some .
it does almost as good a job roasting chicken ,  but is far easier and quicker to use and clean .
this was the battery that she needed and it seems to work fine and hold a charge .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
these are made very well but not that well .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
great product but i wish they would make a case that fits the extended battery because i have it .
i purchased two of these at a great price of $ each from amazon for my droid num_extend
measuring at around num_extend they provide ample protection for the front of your phone without being too imposing .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it makes great toast !  we had a toaster oven which we like but the toast was never really great .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
they work fine in my bissell . it s good that they re cheap because i seem to break a lot of them .
works good but kinda hard to read in low light without a flashlight .
lights give you a good indication of when the battery is charged .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
the grips aren t really necessary ,  but they are nice .
they last about num_num years  amazing considering the cost !  !   and i brew at least one cup every day .
the internet is good but i d rather use my home computer for that with comcast .
the batteries had just as good of capacity as the stock battery when it was new .
i got this to replace my original battery .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
overall it seems a good product ,  at least for the hopefully occasional use i will need it for .
no guarantees this will work for everyone ,  but this worked for me .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
ive only used it once  just got it last week  but so far so good .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
it keeps the coffee warm and the coffee never tastes burned .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
the cover also has a nice  rubberized  feel to it .
it s only been a week ,  so i hope it lasts a good while .
it s so much better than the smaller ones i was using .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
i prefer these to regular sized hangers as they don t take up as much room in the closet .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
so i looked around until i found this .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
if your original cord gets damaged this is a good alternative to buying the more expensive apple cables .
yet the chicken was very crispy and very juicy .
impressed with the quality of this knife for the price .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
it does lift up your screen protector if its not perfectly lined up .
i agree with everyone else when it comes to their reviews .
i found this helpful to vacuum drawers ,  under sofa cushions ,  and crumbs off of countertops .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
i also really like the fact that toast stays in until i manually pop it up .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
the material of the case is pretty flexible and it s not too thick .
i got this to replace my original battery .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
protects phone from shock and dropping as well as comes with a screen protector .
you get a great product for a low price .
i thought this was a dumb way to play scrabble ,  at first ,  but then i came to love it .
the tapered sides are a problem for me ,  but i like the robustness and comfortable grips .
works great for my phone ,  never had any issue .
i was especially surprised at how good the brown rice tasted .
this steel has micro grooves ,  so a light touch works best .
i will buy again when i need it .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
i was amazed at the quality of these for the cheap price .
look for a refurbished model and the price becomes almost reasonable .
we got this to replace a droid num_extend
this is quite a bit heavier than i expected  good  .
it s kept my num_extend in basically perfect condition .
clean up is easy ,  as long as you give it some time to cool .
i don t know why this vacuum has gotten so many negative reviews but it s really worked great for me .
but other than that it s a wonderful case .
ripped it apart to get the charging coils and it was all good .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
so much better than the thin plastic or tin ones i used to have .
it took me a while to figure everything out but it was worthy .
it usually does a good job of popping the majority of the kernels .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it s not too heavy but it has a good weight .
it just makes better sense to purchase these over the more widely known brand names .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
you can t beat it for the price ,  especially when compared to more high profile brands .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
ok ,  so that s the best stuff about it .
it is cheaply made ,  but it serves its purpose .
i can t explain why ,  but they taste even better that way .
i use these to hang up my boots in my closet ,  and this works great .
great price and the shipping took num_num days .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i have a sturdier set that i like better ,  but then they are quality and were $
it doesn t do a great job of protecting it ,  but gives it a very sleek look and feel !  .
we have two of these units and are very plesed with them .
i was quite surprised to see so many poor reviews .  .  . i love this toaster .
i highly recommend and have yet to find an oxo brand product that i m not pleased with .
although the can opener works great i have yet to have it completely detach the lid from the can .
it frees up my time to do something more fun .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
but its still better than my original battery .
i got this as an adjunct to my larger food processor .
it is a bit pricey for a replacement but it s better than buying a new press .
other than that ,  great product i d purchase again .
the heat conduction is great at low to medium heat .
although made of lightweight plastic it seems durable .
i haven t used these yet but they a good quality .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i m not sure why its so cheap ,  but they ve got a good thing going here .
it s not too expensive and makes a really good gift .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
i have been using the product for more than a month and it is still functioning properly .
i like this parchment paper especially since it is not bleached .
just a little powdered sugar and they re beautiful .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
i bought one like this several years ago .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
it does have some problems ,  as many have already noted ,  but it makes an excellent cup of coffee .
what s more is that you can season it to your taste .
looks nice and holds num_num cards but i manage to put num_extend
it probably doesn t perform any better than other brands ,  but does look nice though .
i m really surprised their knives can t withstand it .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
bought this because of the price and reviews .
i got these as a small gift for my husband for christmas .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it is not a noise cancelling model ,  but for a low cost bluetooth ,  this one works well .
i love my stylus there great there a little small then i expected .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
it works well for tea bags or tea leaves .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
these will come in handy when i need them .
takes more than a quick rinse to wash due to that texture but works great .
there great to protect your phone ,  ipods ,  or num_extend players .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
the hose stretches out beautifully for the attachment use .
i received this for christmas from my daughter .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
they keep the phone from glaring and make it easier to see in bright daylight .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
not very often a product that is this good can be found anymore .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
there is an easy transfer of files from an external memory source .
definitely a good product ,  though the release mechanism had a few issues when trying to remove my phone .
and fine works and serves its purpose that is all really nothing to say on these cheap things .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
the size of it ,  num_num inches ,  is perfect in my hand ,  not too long .
you need a brush ,  though to do the job . i love it and it s doing a great job for me .
i don t care for that as i paid for new merchandise but the unit has performed well so far .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
this is usable ,  but not perfect for me .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
easy to clean .  .  . my only gripe is that it s bulkier than my old one .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
it lived up to the description on amazon .
work great !  it takes a while to learn to put them in upsidedown .
i ordered these in white also to have on hand for a quick gift .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
while not for everyone ,  it s a great product in the right settings .
they are held together with a nice heavy duty stainless ring .
it uses a max of num_num watts which is pretty good .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
put this on top of the lid and it will seal it right back up for the next time .
i received this the day after i ordered it .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
also great for cereals ,  they won t get stale; i use only natural ones from a vender , not conventional cereals .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
keeps the phone safe from an accidental drop .
give it a shot; i don t think you ll be disappointed .
even full ,  i feel i have good ,  adequate control when moving it about .
doesn t work very well also but i would say better than my own finger .
i got it free with another product i bought .
these lightweight headphones fit comfortably on my ears although it doesn t do a great job keeping noise out .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
though it is not very stable but it is usable .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
the call quality was really good ,  even in a noisy environment ,  the background noise was filtered better than expected .
thats why i m creating this review because its so good .
i bought it in a local gourmet shop .
this thing works like a champ !  smoke ,  pet dander and pollens give me sinus infections and headaches .
and sure enough within the week i received it .
the cup is good quality too and holds num_num ounces .  .  . and has a lid .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
that turns on a nice white led light that is handy for times when you need a flash light .
so i got online at   .  .  .   and found this charging pod .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
the real color was darker than the picture but is cute too .
this headset is soooo cool ,  i had to order another one .
the num_extend external battery is very powerful at num_extend and can keep giving a charge for a long time .
nice charger ,  does the job without using your phone s usb port .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
giving it num_num stars because it s a good product overall .
i ve used it a few times and it was perfect .
it didn t fit exactly the way i thought it would but it still works .
i needed an extra charger for work and this one does the job .
it works great and you don t even know you have it on !  perfect !  !  .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
i have a htc one in blue and needed a good cover while actually showing off the blue beauty .
i love the fact that i can involve my num_num year old in the process .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
the attachments are easy to use with a snap in and twist mechanism .
the cup has to be small but as it turned out i had one that fits great .
yes ,  i still use one !  battery was purchased as a reserve; works fine .
it s very nice ,  comes with a good rubber case ,  and a hard plastic shell that fits snugly over it .
buy a espresso machine and enjoy real fresh coffee . i also tried to grind herbs with it .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
the portable charger is nice too in case you dont have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
i generally use a soft ,  round brush to hand wash things and it is perfect for these .
makes great smoothies . puddings ,  and protein shakes , also makes great milkshakes .
i bought this because of all the good reviews after having read all the cautious reviews .
it does allow for the versatility of using a small wireless unit as source .
it didn t fit exactly the way i thought it would but it still works .
great for when i m out and need to charge the ipod .
it is so great ,  even if it is hard to remove .
i didn t treat this little pot particularly well ,  and boiled it dry more than once ,  but always worked great .
this set is great  though over the years it seems like they made the plates thinner  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
had this toaster for a couple years now and it still toasts fine .
it is much better than the ones i have found locally in stores .
this item is actually bigger than i expected .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
i was also able to listen to audio on my iphone through the speakers .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
works fine ,  though i wish i had bought a larger size .
i ve been using these a month and have been really pleased .
i got this to replace one of the collapsible kind .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
the color is a bit lighter than the picture ,  but looks just fine .
and it s very well cooked . but the power may be too low for soup .
the cpu ,  ram ,  memory and visuals ,  and the screen colors are excellent .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
this vacuum is surprisingly powerful for it size .
not super high quality  and for this price you shouldn t expect it  but they ll serve their purpose .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
it reaches a reading within num_num seconds or so ,  and is accurate over a great temperature range .
the material is a little flexible making it a breeze to attach and remove them .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
the external surfaces of the case is slightly rubbery plastic that feels just right .
however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value .
a regular charger wouldn t even work on charging my kindle fire hd ,  but this one works .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
very tricky to open and put on and take off ,  good for the price .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
remarkable the difference in taste ! so ,  on to the decanter .
it s very cute ,  but it didn t last but a few months .
overall this is a very nice brush for the price .
this is wonderful . i got tired of my children breaking my dishes .
shipped quickly !  the pink part didnt fit very well but for the price it was worth it .
its not the best case but it looks nice on my iphone .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i ve been using skinomi covers for a couple of years now and i think its the best .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i thought it was smaller than the photo led me to believe ,  but other than that ,  it was great .
the unit is simple to operate ,  plug in cables and turn it on .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
this fan is quiet ,  especially on the lowest setting ,  and moves a lot of air .
the best part is that the battery does not need an extra back cover .
it s made in china which i don t like at all but it is heirloom quality .
the button also works as call answer on some phones .
i found this service set to be the least expensive on amazon than anywhere else i found it .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i had to paint around it to black it out and it still shines through some .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i ve had a set of these for about num_num years now and they still look like new .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
its a great alternative to my air popper ,  which i love ,  but hate the noise at times .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i have to call amazon later on and let them know but other than that their great .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
i wouldn t have normally gotten this style but now that i ve tried them ,  i like them !  .
pressing the dial in also has function as well .
the main difference is how much power the charger provides .
i adjusted the knob ,  and voila !  plenty of steam .
i have cast iron coated pans and this one was a nice addition to my cooking .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
it turned out decent bread most of the time .
you definitely notice it when you need to drag your fingers across the length of the screen .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i got a good for this from $
it is definitely not a family size dish ,  but a nice size for a small casserole .
i loved it right up to the point my dog ate it .
i bought this because ,  well ,  it looked cool .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
i know that they are more expensive than regular storage bags ,  but they are certainly worth the extra .
this cord is shorter than the original cord that came with the phone ,  but it still does the job .
we enjoyed it ,  but it might be too bittersweet for kids .
i ve used this knife for quite some time ,  and it s wonderful .
i received it in good time since it was part of a gift !  .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
it makes just coffee just as good as the automatic makers .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
it s smooth and creamy and sweet ,  it s almost like creme freche .
after having to send the first one back with a big crack the second one came just fine .
its large size keeps the foam from overflowing .
got this to replace my worn out model .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
the charger lights up when it works which helps to know it is always working .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
it works great and is much cheaper then the ones at walgreens for $
it does get very hot to the touch so you must be careful .
recommend this to everyone !  i would give it num_num stars if i could .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
i had to spend a lot of extra money on custom ear molds but now i am very happy .
after few coats of mineral oil ,  the finish wears well with proper maintanace .
i will keep experimenting but for now it looks better than it functions .
i liked having back up batteries in my purse whenever i needed them .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
i loved my incredible droid and only purchased a new phone because the charging port went bad .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
it s very lightweight for younger children to hold .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i bought this for my iphone num_extend and it worked like a charm .
holds up very well !  problem is i took it for scooping soap in smaller rounded molds .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
the keys are a bit small ,  but that is easy to live with .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i also connected to a iphone and it also works .
camera takes incredible pictures in bright light but is brutal in low light situations .
i saw them on special sale for $
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
you can charge and sync the iphone while in this case ,  a plus for busy people .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
now i have a charger in my kitchen as well as in my bedroom ,  very handy .
the amazon price is great and you cannot find these in stores .
i found this one ,  same brand and almost the exact same look .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
i d recommend just be sure you order the correct size and style for your needs .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
simple operation ,  simple cleanup ,  great coffee  assuming the beans are fresh  .
i would recommend this protector ,  especially for the cost .
the hose itself is still ok and the rest still works fine .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
i m glad i got it before it s gone !  .
highly recommend for children or people with small ears .
it still works !  i replaced this unit with the plantronics discovery num_num and i might like that even better .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
good enough ,  but hardly what i d call great .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
i was happy with the price being decently cheap and it does it s job .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
my new cup looks good ,  i haven t used it yet .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
the size is good to slip into his pants pocket .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i ve had this for years !  it still works fine and does not give me any problems .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it heats up so fast and its very easy to clean .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
they re inexpensive but sturdy ,  and they were easy to put together .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it feels less bulky and looks a lot better .
you get what you pay for ,  served me well .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
on balance this is a good product that could be even better if hoover would make a few changes .
this one is good stay away from the other .
i have had no proximity sensor problems and i love the built in screen protector .
it cleaned my carpet and it cleaned it really ,  really well .
the difference between breadwith or without it is amazing .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
i ve had these for a few months now and so far am not disappointed .
i m happy to say the samsung droid charge has caused no problems for me so far .
i got mine for $ with free shipping .
the cord is a bit shorter but it works fine for me .
the lid is convenient when using it for wet ingredients that require pouring .
only a small annoyance ,  otherwise a good buy .
not as well made as it use to be but still good .
it holds a huge amount of pepper so filling is seldom to begin with .
it worked fine for just over a year .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i like this case ,  it protects my ipod very well .
the little piece that fits into the charging dock doesn t fit too great ,  but overall the product is great .
some pictures make it look black ,  but it is actually a deep metallic pewter color .
its taste good and its good for you .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
if you hate the cables everywhere i highly recommend getting this .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i like the size of the waffles and the thickness .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i personally like the phone a little bigger .
i am happy with the pot ,  but haven t been as impressed with this line of cuisinart cookware .
the only thing that i had to do was trim it a little bit but everything turned out great .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
the water seems to taste just as good .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
the lid doesn t fit as cleanly as i d like but otherwise it s a great product .
i carry it as an extra in my bag in case .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it s perfect for a frequent traveler who doesn t like the hassle of having to charge things all the time .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
i ve always cooked with farberware or revereware and was satisfied enough since i m not a big cook .
my battery used to always die on me so upgrading to the extended battery was great .
i also purchased a good sharpener to keep my knives sharp .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
so for as much as i ll use it it s fine .
from a distance it looks like the real thing .
just bought this one because the filters were cheap and it is a popular item .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i can t eat fat since i had my gallbladder removed ,  this has been a godsend ! works great ,  quality product ,  thanks !  .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
over all it s pretty good but i might try another unit next time .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
it is the best method for a dying battery to have an extra in your case .
if anything i will get another one of these next time !  !  .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i was skeptical about this item ,  but after a month ,  i love it .
i didn t expect much and was pleasant surprised when i received it .
use it a couple of times a week .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i bought several and keep them all over the house ,  especially the kitchen !  .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
this one seems to be more solidly built than some of the others in the same price range .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
works perfectly ,  sometimes on amazon the seller will say an item is oem and it usually is not .
what i like about this is that i can charge one set of batteries while using the other .
if there are any issues with etching or fading i will update this review . recommended .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
cleaning it can be a chore but its worth it .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
while this feature has not worked perfectly ,  it still sounds better than most other fm transmitters i have tried .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
it also helps protect the screen because even gorilla glass breaks easily if you hit it on the edge .
i will give num_num stars !  !  it gets fast and efficient to iron clothes with minimum effort ,  period .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
wanted to make sure i liked it and it did its job .
i tried it with the charger and hdmi cables and both worked well .
i use this one for cookies and it is wonderful .
very versatile and i was using it in multiple vehicles .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
it comes with a cleaning brush that gets some of the reside out .
i loved that there was more than num_num in each package .
much better quality then the ones i purchased at a local specialty store .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
you will attract attention with this headset on .
it fares better than the non stick cookware in terms of ease of cleaning and quality .
i bought this as a quick and inexpensive way to cook up stir fry .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i like to use a mouse so the usb adaptor is very handy .
it took about a week to come in but it was worth the wait .
it helps you digest your food ,  and may help lose weight as part of a calorie controlled diet .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
its good for korean style short grain rice which is really sticky .
where i would normally use my num_num quart kitchenaid ,  this mixer is the perfect size for smaller jobs .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
non of the num_extend series headset had this nice feature .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
don t spend $ on an apple cable . highly recommended .
worth the extra money over the cheaper one .
i got this for my wife s smaller hands .
i got it on sale in a store for half the price but i would get again !  .
the product is just what i was looking for .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
very affordable which is perfect since i lost out the previous phone i had which was stolen .
i had some drip ground coffee remaining in my pantry and it brewed up great .
they seem a little bit flimsy but work well .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
a little tight in my incredible num_extend but they fit .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
sad thing is it scratches pretty easy and the scratches show pretty strongly .
it works just like a very similar model i owned in the past .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
having coffee that does not taste burned ,  stale ,  or bitter waiting is a good thing .
i am constantly on my electronics and playing games and this device is perfect for me !  !  .
i bought it not expecting much ,  but it has far exceeded my expectation .
that was a great feature of the num_extend
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
it is better than the plastic one i have been using for a few years .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
my large vacuum is brand new and very nice .
there are cheaper versions of the one i bought but it s worth it .
i recently started growing and drying my own stevia  it is very easy as the plant is so hardy  .
this works great ,  it took me an hour and four hot buckets of water to get everything clean .
i had mine for over a year and it cooks everything great .
but other brands might do just as well .
i bought two of these the first time .
i found a tip that hair spray or super glue works to make a smooth glide .
it s a little awkward to store because of it s size ,  but well worth finding a spot for .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i took them right back and got another pair .
i can fit a finger through the larger ones .
i ve always liked the quality of belkin products ,  and this case lives up to its reputation .
that s my only complaint ,  otherwise very happy with the fit .
the whole thing is very heavy duty and feels of quality and durability .
i had to get a new blade for it ,  which was super expensive ,  but it still works great .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
after the coffee is made ,  the farberware num_num cup percolator keeps it very hot ,  wonderfully hot .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
the num_extend set held up so well i bought a num_extend set from amazon as a back up .
better quality than the similar style one that this replaced; since it s oxo ,  expect it to last for awhile .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
also interesting is that since its bluetooth you can project your phone calls through it too .
just bought a new one to have a new one .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i was able to smooth it up with a piece of fine emery cloth .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
much better than the nails i used before .
my sister has one and it works great .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
we bought this so we could start drinking fresher coffee  it actually does taste better imo  .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
while i was not convinced this knife would work as advertised ,  i thought it was worth trying .
i used this products for a few weeks and i was so happy .
i decided to purchase one and enjoy making some comfort foods for myself .
the salt acts as an abrasive and works pretty well .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
i have neck pain and this pillow is perfect for neck support .
i like the shape of the handle and the quality of the finish .
corelle items are weird in that they are cheap and yet still a quality product .
i have had this a month and so far it works great .
not cool !  !  !  i bought the phone for that !  the phone is great and flawless otherwise .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
it s also small enough that it s very easy to use  much smaller than a standard pen  .
this is a must if like me you dislike using those bluetooth earpieces .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
the portable charger is nice too in case you dont have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
works well with my samsung galaxy num_extend as well as iphone and other cellphones .
i had actually expected the metal to be thinner and was pleased to find they are nice and sturdy .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i had owned an otterbox case before and i really liked it .
a nice change from the old  and dirty  cloth filters .
it works mostly good ,  and it is num_extend than the num_extend that i own .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
it works like this : the lid has a moving center piece surrounded by the plastic and rubber seal .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i saw walmart sells them for a really good price ,  $ for a num_num pack of num_num concentrators .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
however there is a price for that great coffee .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
they won t last forever ,  but it ll certainly last for a few years with some care .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
it turned it in to a fine powder .
the screen also is smoothed out and extends to the top of the phone .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
it s made in china which i don t like at all but it is heirloom quality .
i like to grind my own coffee and make it with this press .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the speaker also makes it easier if you need a loud volume headset .
i do not seriously expect them to last forever ,  but they are lasting a good long time .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i m partial to myshure num_extend but these were surprisingly good just as headphones at this price .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
now i just have to find a lid to fit it s large size !  !  .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i don t know why this vacuum has gotten so many negative reviews but it s really worked great for me .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i bought two of these the first time .
it gets warm to the touch but it keeps working .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
charged it fully right out of the box and then started using it .
this is a great charger ,  the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
just got this today and already cleaned it and brewed my first cup .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
they have a sparkle to them ,  are tight and are ,  in my opinion ,  more feminine .
but it s brand new ,  i m sure it will loosen up a bit with use .
you have to sharpen it after every use ,  but it s treating me well .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
connected my old classic ipod to my num_extend  on idrive  and this adapter worked like a charm .
that said ,  i take care of my tools very well .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
the iphone is very slick and i have almost dropped it a few times .
it may not keep things hot ,  but certainly warm .
this product works as advertised and is relatively inexpensive .
it has many positive reviews so i thought i couldn t go wrong .
i ve also found that it cleans up easily after a quick soaking .
i had it roughly for about num_num months and worked great on a couple of road trips .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
would of loved it if it had come with a mounting bracket .
it makes short work of citrus fruits ,  is easy to use and clean ,  and provides a very fine zest .
the handles are not as sturdy as they look ,  but so far ,  so good .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
great battery life ,  clear sound and havent had any complaints from others .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
but for storing wet and dry goods in your pantry or fridge ,  they are perfect .
i have it on the side of my fridge and it appears sturdy and holds well .
i wish the back wasn t as slick , and it s a real pain to take on and off . really enjoy this case .
i liked the juice i got from this .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
i purchased the num_extend about a week ago and i m impressed with this little device .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
i also made a call with them and the sound was very good when both speaking and listening .
got these to hand brushes and loofahs in the shower .
is the extra work worth it ?  i m still undecided .
i bought this for my iphone num_extend and it worked like a charm .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
it s not very pretty but it is functional .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i like the fact that i can make these healthier than the ones i buy that are deep fried .
unit works great charging our iphones ,  ipod touch ,  and now the ipad num_extend
the response of the buttons was top notch even though i kept confusing the volume with the power button .
will buy another one if i have to .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
also interesting is that since its bluetooth you can project your phone calls through it too .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
i used to have the braun version of this grinder ,  and just received this one as a gift .
i can t believe i got it for such an affordable price . i almost paid $ for another fancy brand .
i would buy it again in a minute .
if you re looking for a replacement ,  i would recommend this product !  .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i ordered it considering the fact that it is handy and small .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
i went on and read about it did a little research and got it .
i used this products for a few weeks and i was so happy .
easy to clean and use; not so easy to haul around .
im not exactly gentle with my phone but case keeps it well protected and has a nice little design .
since cuisinart is top of the line ,  i chose this model .
i have been using this for a month . pros : it is a good value .
it s not the original apple brand but it works just the same .
thankfully ,  you can always reseason it if you make a mistake . great investment ,  i recommend you buy .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
i m impressed with it as soon i opened it .
so great ,  i m going to order one more num_extend and num_num num_extend
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
i used a nail file  not the metal kind  ,  and it worked brilliantly .
the price was so great ,  i bought num_num so i can replace them whenever i want to .
it fits perfect and snug; a little too snug in my opinion  it s not the easiest to remove  .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
i got these to carry extra batteries for my flash .
for the price i couldn t believe this was so great .
the holster will not hold the phone with a case on it ,  but this is perfect for me .
charging over usb  for both of these units  is a really nice feature that many other chargers are missing .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i liked it and used it so much that it finally  died  .
well worth it . it is a bit overpriced in my opinion ,  but i am still glad i bought this .
i will recommend this product; but be aware that if your hands are wet ,  the handle becomes slippery .
the battery is lasting her through the day with moderate use .
i highly recommend ! update :  after num_num months the cord i used every night to charge my phone quit working .
i ve been using this with a samsung galaxy num_extend and it works really well .
they are comfortable and don t feel like plastic and are not stiff .
i ve tried other flavors ,  mostly teriyaki ,  and it just doesn t come close to how good this stuff is !  .
i have more than one because i find myself always needing it .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
used this for a week while i was out in the field and this thing is awesome .
the size also helps bring some much needed bulk to the phone .
i dropped my phone with this case on plenty of times and it kept my iphone safe .
it is also light weight and can be slipped in and out of the cupboard with little trouble .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
i have used this for over a year and the original seasoning is still in good shape .
the metal is sturdy and not easily bent like some other cutters that i ve had .
it even saved me when i had an extended power outage .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
it doesn t come with any types of bells and whistle but gets the job done .
it s been over a year and boy am i amazed by this .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
i got mine from bestbuy ,  i bought a warranty .
i am satisfied with this less expensive earbuds .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
i ve had this machine for over a month and so far i am very pleased .
made for the iphone num_num  not num_extend but it works on my num_extend just fine .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
it does brew good enough coffee compares to starbucks  for us .
i ve only had this product a day but so far its pretty cool .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i have owned this item for num_num weeks now . so far ,  so good .
i m sure you can find products that work just as well for under $
its quality is very good ,  but it s too flat to hold things .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
good luck in your purchase of this item and i don t think you ll be sorry !  .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
this is the second one i brought ,  and it s better than the first .
the grip on the knob is easy to turn and overall it s easy to use .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
no longer have the num_extend but when i did this case worked very well with it .
one of the more adjustable to your ear shape headsets .
this one has stood the test of time ,  about a year and a half and counting .
we tried two other brands ,  but finally got something that had the power to do the job !  !  .
loved it so much i wanted to get another .
if i was buying again i would go with wusthof . update :  sharpening steel is your best friend !  .
i ve even used it to grind meat that was still partially frozen and it took it like a champ .
i did some research and found this particular bread maker to have a high rating .
this is a handy size for smaller amounts .
the cost of a new one was a crazy low price and that made me happy .
i noticed a difference in the quality of sound .
it doesn t bulk up the phone much and looks good .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
i have a whole set of different sizes .
but as far as this product goes it does the job and arrived fast .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the button also works as call answer on some phones .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i have only used the new mixer a few times so far ,  but it certainly appears robust enough .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
this is an excellent size round pan ,  num_extend inch .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
the cable frayed and split after a year but still work fine .
a little hard to put on but it will protect your my touch .
i have a chronic coughing and the venta helped me to ease the problem .
it boils the water rather quickly and is simple enough to refill .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
so glad to have this back in my kitchen once again .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
and the cooker is so light and has a small footprint .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i got it for really cheap and it worked as expected .
what a great idea !  they are well made ,  and the balls roll easily .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
with the slightly smaller than standard size ,  this is a great bargain .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
i am computer and tech savvy ,  but this unit was very easy to figure out .
i found this product to be easy to use and great quality .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
i recommend it if you have an iphone without a cover .
i always thought my old num_num cup krups made a decent cup of coffee when using freshly ground beans .
works better than some of the more expensive cases .
i really like how it keeps my phone slim and not bulky .
using the normal bake option ,  it takes longer but the bread is great .
the price is competitive if not just a little bit high .
no longer have the num_extend but when i did this case worked very well with it .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i got this for my husband and i haven t heard any complaints ,  so must work just fine .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i got this thing from amazon for free as a free gift with purchase .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i find it to be lighter ,  have a better flavor ,  and seem somehow  fresher  .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
great for people with weak or arthritic hands .
no battery lasts forever and this has held up as well as the oem .
i recommend replacing this when you purchase this maker new . purchased this back in august num_extend
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
i can also answer the phone more easily .
first there is a wall charger ,  the cord is a bit short ,  but works well .
and the price was much better than its competitors .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
i highly recommend these gloves over other choices you could make !  .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
it s more convenient than the stovetop and very safe when it comes to pouring the hot water out vs .
i got this to replace my old one .
i ve had this for about a year ,  it still remains sharp enough to do a good job peeling vegetables .
i got this for my wife to upgrade her num_extend mini pro .
the controls are very intuitive ,  no complicated figuring out on how to this or that .
it was a good price on a speck product .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
has a waxy coating for a nice finish .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
i have to have my coffee very hot .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
hanging it from the knob worked like a charm .
i just keep my phone hooked up to it and keep it charged .
that is really saying something when you stop to consider the quality of a lot of products these days .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
i thought it made sense and purchased it .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
so i thought this was a great match for me .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
this nice little unit will run your device long after the stated battery life .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
it comes with a wired headset and i actually prefer that to my bluetooth earpiece .
i got it new on ebay cheaper than amazon .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
your phone will be safe and you ll be happy  :   .
this num_extend is my second battery i purchased from them ,  and i am impressed with its longevity .
i like the colors i received better than the ones in the picture .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i did think it was a little darker but it s fine .
we also have two cats and it has seemed to help with the amount of hair floating around .
i got this for a reduced price when purchasing knives .
now this helps to put an end to that problem .
it will serve me well during the summer .
i will probably have to hone the blade later on but it looks easy to do .
the product and labels is what it is .
it doesn t charge as quickly as a home charger ,  but it gets the job done !  .
it still works  ,  so i still use it .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
i bought this one because i like the blue color .
and thats with me using for probably a total of four hours a day . this thing is awesome .
it is healthy and a good snack to have .
great product i would reccomend it to a friend .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
and to top it off it comes with a holster .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
they are easy to remove and replace on the ring .
my cookies came out so fantastic i couldn t believe it .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
a great product even though made in china .
this works better than the other screen protectors i have tried .
i have only made beef jerky ,  but it is outstanding .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
this one is much nicer looking than the one it replaced .
would recommend if you don t have the cash to shell out for the higher end ones .
i sorted the appiance via customer reviews and this one caught my eye .
this product is much superior to others i have owned in the past .
i feel confident that my phone s screen is protected from scratches and wear .
also ,  this product is very easy to clean .
great alternative versus buying one in store for over $
i will buy again when i need it .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
so far ,  though ,  so good . i ve been losing some weight and i want to keep that up .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
mine was made in china and i got it at $
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
this one got great reviews ,  though i was hesitant to buy online .
this item is actually bigger than i expected .
this is a great toaster for my cinnamon toast addiction .
for the money ,  this item is a great value .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
the blade has to fit just so to make it work .
i ve found this product useful for keeping an open bottle fresh for about another day .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i love this bumper case !  it fits on easily and is easy to take off .
i didn t think these headphones would work as good as they do but i m a believer now .
i love them ,  they are awesome ,  but not perfect .
it is so worth spending a few extra dollars to get crystal film .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
the plastic seals aren t the best i ve ever seen ,  but they do the job .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i wish it was a couple inches longer but it still works .
it improves contrast and reduces the overhead glare .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
i have the htc evo num_extend and this is the exact one i got with it new .
price on amazon was great at less than $
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i always clean after each use so this way the machine is more efficient .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
this is not the latest or greatest phone ,  but it works well .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
i ve been through about num_num different car chargers and this seems to be the best .
yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good .
i have never used one before and for my fisrt time i made a great purchase .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
i will buy another when the time comes .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
this charger is pretty good ,  works as advertises and charges my phone without any issues .
this screen protector is just a wee bit better than the zagg protectors .
the beater was the wrong size for my mixer ,  but i was impressed with it anyway .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
we got it a year ago and use it about once a month and it has worked well .
looked many stores untl finally finding this online .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining .
i do like a toaster that allows you to lift the toast up ,  which this one does .
the coffee is good and it works quickly ,  but it has a few grounds .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
not great in a loud situation ,  but perfect for at home .
the first day i bought it i really put it through the paces .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
then if i turned it up a notch ,  it shrieked . this new dect num_extend gives wonderful sound quality .
these are the best bluetooth headphones i have ever own or tested .
this is good ,  since it measns carrying only one charger .
this is definitely one of those you get what you pay for lesson learned situations .
i am not sure how long it will last ,  but so far it works fine .
any screen protector that would have come with it would be useless ,  anyway . the fit is very good .
it does a good job of slicing cheese .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
it arrived on time and it seems to work pretty good .
the overall quality of the cable is good .
solid case ,  does its job by protecting the phone .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
i ve had this case for a couple of months and it s wearing well .
i like these much better than the bb headsets ,  which are always falling apart .
the rectangle shape allows me to do this better than a square or circle .
these sound wonderful and i like they aren t  in ear  .
this product has been better and more useful than i would have ever imagined .
i ordered this and sent to friends as a gift .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got this to replace my original battery .
good value for the money and i would buy again .
finally we got it after ordering twice and waiting almost two months .
the best thing is that the shipping was super fast .
not much to it but it did work well for me .
it is also very compact and looks like an external hard drive ,  but much lighter .
a quick rinse right after i use it and it is ready for next time .
this one works replaces a different brand ,  but same style .
wanted a different color than black and i love it .
i am a fussy gal and i like good honest reviews .
i got this one because it looked sturdier .
better than i could have imagined it to be .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i have tried other headsets and at last got a true num_extend
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
i got it in a deal for $
i have a lot of fun with little lens on my iphone and ipad .
i will update my review as necessary but in the meantime ,  i will give this grinder a good report .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it originally fit my evo num_extend and it also fits the razr maxx  a bit snug  .
it looks good sitting on my counter as well .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
the following things are true about the num_extend
i bought this on a whim and i loved it so much i bought it twice .
i have a num_num car that does not have connectivity but it has a great bose stereo .
i have done this with eggs as well as steaks .
this gives me the rice consistency and fluffiness that i prefer .
works great !  really wish they didn t make me type so many words .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
much better than the motorola num_extend that i also own .
anyone ,  i got a second one for my sister during xmas .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i really do notice the noise cancellation technology making a difference compared to other headsets i have used .
this twirl whisk is deceptively powerful and versatile .
this headset sounds better than the actual phone itself because it cancels background noise very very well .
i believe they are also metric in sizes .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i have several different versions of these and like each one .
they are smooth enough that i am not worried about scratching .
need i say more ?  well ,  the price was right .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i ve been using this with a samsung galaxy num_extend and it works really well .
i bought two of these the first time .
i have used it very little since i bought it ,  but it seems to ve a good headset .
small ,  consistent ,  flavorful pots of coffee . the unit brews quickly ,  with an interesting noise as it brews .
it s really easy to take off as well .
they are filled with lots and lots of calories .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
i prefer it ,  it s a mouth feel ,  texture and taste thing for me .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
i use it every day and sometimes three times a day .
but even so ,  it s worth taking the precaution of buying a case .
i still use them often every time i work out .
it might not be as comfortable to hold ,  but it s adequate for reasonable daily use .
it is very powerful in such a small unit .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
you can be pretty far away from the phone and still talk . i still recommend this bluetooth .
seems that maybe it could be a little warmer but it still gets the job done .
have not tried them yet ,  but look and fit well .
i use them while jogging and got plenty of sweat on them .
i didn t treat this little pot particularly well ,  and boiled it dry more than once ,  but always worked great .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
worth the few extra dollars compared to less expensive ones .
it also works well enough for softer cheese .
i found this on amazon at a much better price than i could in the store .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
all the buttons match up ,  and the color is the exact same .
the fan is not horribly loud ,  it moves air and it does it with a decent amount of force .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
really nice steamer .  .  . looks nice ,  works great ,  good size and price .
i got this one because i wanted the biggest one i could find .
i d been popping corn on the stove and this is a big step up from that .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
if you are looking for a good headset for a great price keep this in mind .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
do yourself a favor and buy a pack or two .
i hated to make them with my old hand mixer but this now is amazing .
i m even eating more cereal due to the ease of using my new dispenser . highly recommend it .
i keep coffee and other things in it .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
the num_extend has a significantly higher output motor as well .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i do recommend spraying well with cooking spray prior to use .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
i picked this item up at a local store .
but you get what u pay for so i m happy with it .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
it works and that is about all i can say about it .
slight discoloration as would be expected but still holding together nicely .
nice clear screen even in the out num_extend
it is light and it is easy to handle .
but it does take up a lot of space though !  lol .
i bought this to have a few extras .
remarkable the difference in taste ! so ,  on to the decanter .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
and is far quieter and easier to use than my old blade grinder .
i still gave this num_num stars because it does it s intended job the best .
it does a great job on my well water ,  which was good to begin with .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
this unit definitely does the job but it is quite flimsy and it is very noisy .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this case was perfect ,  i hate when they are bulky i like to have a slim case .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
bought this for my sister ,  it really protects her phone .
it works good ,  and it was cheap to buy .
i was leery about buying such a cheap knife but i have been very pleasantly surprised .
since cuisinart is top of the line ,  i chose this model .
this case is well worth the cheap price .
worth the couple extra dollars from the cheaper ones around the net .
i m very satisfied with this small but powerful vacuum .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i recently had to get a new iphone case for my iphone num_num and fortunately found this one .
this definately comes in handy when your not at home and your phone it dying .
although i didn t like my callpod dragon bluetooth headset ,  i love this callpod charger .
no battery lasts forever and this has held up as well as the oem .
i bought two of these the first time .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
i would have liked it deeper but worth the money any way .
these things have great distant too ,  about num_num feet or so .
overall ,  i am still satisfied with this device .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it s so much better than the cheap plastic ones .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
fill so that the coffee is level with top of the coffee basket .
you ve gotta have good air pressure to get a good spray . > clean it .
but health ,  convenience and neatness be darned !  the bacon tastes great !  this is a great product .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i like the size and style of these; many are too big and conspicuous .
i find it s easier to hold than my iphone .
this mixer can t top the old one of my grandmothers ,  but it holds its own for my use .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
which is perfect as it does not take up much space .
i bought this for my son s birthday party and it was a great buy .
it lets you fully charge your phone and then some .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i shopped around ,  and this one ,  with a num_num watt motor  !   looked great .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
it does a much better job cleaning than the bissle i have .
very sharp knife so i am taking some time to get used to it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it is perfectly accurate every time i use it .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
i loved the color ,  looked just like the photo maybe a little better .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i also purchased a good sharpener to keep my knives sharp .
i like that it has a light so that i can make suret that my electronic is actually charging .
however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it s inexpensive and if you aren t hard on your iphone ,  this is the product for you .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
we decided to spend a little more and get a product that works well and will last .
this one is great for that but is not as sharp as my other one .
it does lift up your screen protector if its not perfectly lined up .
does the job and less pricey than some other filters being sold .
the vinegar cleans great and the smell goes away .
it is also capable of supporting up to num_num wireless internet connections by acting as a mobile hotspot .
they are sturdy and have a sharp edge to them .
camera takes incredible pictures in bright light but is brutal in low light situations .
it arrived pretty fast and it was in good condition .
after spending some time looking at reviews on the internet i decided that it might be worth it .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
frothy milk makes even standard coffee taste like a treat .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
i even ended up buying another one for my girlfriend s phone more recently and she loves it as well .
i found the reviews helpful but ultimately overwhelming .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
proper technique is a must with this knife as it is quite capable of severing a finger .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
it also allows the use of any type of usb with the right cable .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
i m not exactly feeling any love for htc s build quality right now . on the upside ,  it s still a great phone .
it has helped me to realize what i m wasting for energy .
it still actually looks new and all we do is wash it every once in a while .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
i got this to experiment with making yogurt and yogurt cheeses .
will buy again as good fast service was a plus .
i would buy it again at this price .
i also read some good reviews on it .
this is a tiny knife but it is so functional .
it has strong wires and works fine for harder jobs .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i got this to replace my last oster blender .
it s relatively lightweight for a knife of this size ,  but it cut s like a dream .
my water is good so i learned early on the filters were not necessary .
the yeast dispenser is also a plus for this machine .
worth the extra money you spend on this as compared to calphalon .
i opted to purchase this pan because of its quality ,  size ,  and proportion .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i have honestly never tasted such a great freshly roasted coffee taste before .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i have owned a first gen jawbone and the jawbone ii as well .
the bristles are just the right length and unlike other brushes i ve used before ,  they don t flatten out .
this is a nice soup ladle that is  as claimed  durably made .
i didn t treat this little pot particularly well ,  and boiled it dry more than once ,  but always worked great .
fantastic adapter with more than enough  oomph  to charge your favorite gadget . awesome lower price makes it a steal too .
i have bought several of these over the years and keep coming back to them .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
but i have purchased other products from amazon . com and the quality has been incredible .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
the difference between on his phone and off is quite noticeable .
i ve arranged for amazon to send a replacement . original comments : works great .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
i bought this at the deal of the day for $
this one is very large and holds a ton of stuff .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
the quality is better with this one compared to the multi colored pieces i had purchased .
overall the product is a good product ,  but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies .
these screen protectors work great for my iphone and keep it protected on the cheap .
its taste good and its good for you .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
it worked as well as i had hoped .
for this price the quality exceeded my expectations .
while aluminum tends to be a lot less expensive ,  this stainless set is worth every penny .
i had no problems with this and found it easy to use . set up was easy .
inexpensive ,  heats water to boiling fast and does its job .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
very useful and sturdy ,  as others have mentioned the inside can make removing a filled bag somewhat difficult .
i am a terrible cook but anything you throw in this pot comes out delicious .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
fm audio quality not quite as good as the motorola num_extend but definitely good enough .
much better than the nails i used before .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i bought this mainly because of the length .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it also has the ability to pause and start music playback .
it is very good . the only complaint i have is that it takes a bit of time to set it .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
they are nice and thick without being heavy .
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
this is a great product !  one thing i was sure wouldn t be good was the little connector pieces .
it moves air around just fine ,  though it is somewhat noisy because its a box fan .
i recommend changing the water say ,  every few days .
nice to get more than you paid for !  .
the colors are very bright which is something i like .
the reviews on this were a little mixed ,  but i took a shot . it was a good bet .
these waffles have smaller holes ,  and a nice golden crispness .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
i bought this for my daughters num_extend and it seems to work good ,  her num_extend player isn t broke .
when i got it i was surprised how easy it was to put on and take off .
i have an htc incredible and needed a holder for my car .
and ,  it s absolutely handy to have . i do wish they could improve the ergonomics of the handle .
it worked fine for just over a year .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
it really is very easy to figure and then you know .
i got this headset to use primarily for walking and moderate workouts .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
i bought this as a gift for my dad .
but with a little modification it will work fine .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
it provides a secure base to hold the candy while removing it from the chocolate .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
a bit of a pain to clean but worth it .
for the price ,  you can t beat it and it takes great care of the phone .
setup was extremely fast and easy and i was up and running in under num_num minutes .
always read and follow the manufactures safety precautions and warnings .
haven t used it extensively ,  but it seems to be just fine .
maybe they changed the design or something ,  but mine is definitely white .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
wonderful !  !  !  if mine ever breaks ,  i ll be getting another one .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
works fine and should be good for at least another year .
the battery still is wonderful ,  but the plastic cover isn t the most durable .
between this flavor and the original ,  it can t be beat .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
previously ,  i have been using a faberware espresso machine that was decent for the price and produced excellent crema .
made with a strong plastic and a thick silicone .
the instructions were clear and easy to understand .
the tight fitting lid is slightly angled sealing in heat ,  moisture ,  and flavors .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i have tried it once ,  and it seems up to par .
when i received it and started using it ,  i was immediately impressed .
i got a good for this from $
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
it takes a good amount of pressure to squeeze the handles to work effectively .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
great product !  thinking about getting one for myself .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
slightly bigger than i expected ,  but worth it .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
they are sturdy and strong but can be a little difficult in putting together .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
this is a little bigger than you may expect .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i have only used it for two days and so far so good .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i ve only had this unit for about num_num hours ,  but i really like it .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
got this to put all my games and a few bluerays .
i ve been using this coffee maker for several weeks ,  and i really like it .
this is a excellent product and shouldn t need dishonest descriptions to sell .
worth it for sure ,  half the price as the others available .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i was so satisfied with it that i ve now purchased two of the num_num mah chargers .
the price alone is a good deal compared to buying from a store .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
i don t know what it is about the slow roasting ,  but it is delicious .
not sure if others got a bad cable but mine works great .
the price is reasonable . i amnot sure what else one can elaborate on such an item .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
use it a couple of times a week .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
these were great for the phone and did their job without messing up the phone or it s contents within .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
it makes excellent popcorn although i don t bother trying to melt butter with it .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
there are better knives out there ,  but this is a great compromise between price and quality .
i needed a shaker for confectioner s sugar ,  and this did the trick .
use this for my own mix of seasoned salt and it is plenty big enough .
the microphone seems to be pretty good and is convenient if you find yourself needing it .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
this works perfectly with my system . mine is the eu version .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i ve yet to find a can that it can t handle .
i rate this unit a num_num star because it charged quickly and easy to manage .
now my son has put it on his birthday wish list .
i don t like to have things scratched and this helps a lot .
i know it looks goofy ,  but i love ,  love ,  love it .
also ,  comes with a little bright light to find your way in the dark .
not the greatest on the planet ,  but this blender does its job .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
overall i m happy with this and would buy it again .
i haven t used these yet but they a good quality .
i also might try awesome at the dollar store which many claim works well too .
very handy for your macbook air that does not have an ethernet port .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
it folds so easy to store in bag or sometimes even in my jacket pocket .
the sim card adapters are a little flimsy but ,  they will get the job done .
i don t often rave about a product ,  but this one deserves it .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
coffee beans have a natural oil that enhances the it s flavor .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this is the perfect travel companion for keeping your blackberry charged .
not super high quality  and for this price you shouldn t expect it  but they ll serve their purpose .
however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i needed a shaker for confectioner s sugar ,  and this did the trick .
i handle it with care for fear of cracking it .
this concerned me ,  worried the pot would warp or something ,  but it did a great job .
i needed three asap so it was nice it came with prime shipping .
maybe not entirely necessary ,  but it did work well when i made num_extend
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
i used this everyday with my old phone and always got complements on it .
the num_extend actually is good for about num_extend of coffee because of the pouring spout .
i ordered it ,  it arrived promptly and i love it .
but in my opinion ,  it s a pain without feet on it ,  and i recommend them too .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
i recommend this case for someone who wants a durable case for their iphone .
very good product wish it didnt cost so much .
you still need to read all the instructions just to make sure you understand all the features . cleaning is easy .
great gadget to have especially for car stereos that doesnt have a port for an auxiliary cable .
the blades are sharp and the handles are comfortable to use .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
between this flavor and the original ,  it can t be beat .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
it s really quite entertaining . there are ,  however ,  a few problems .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
frothy milk makes even standard coffee taste like a treat .
there are lots of options in this price range .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
very sharp so be careful !  doesn t pull apart when i open them to cut .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
this is very thick and also very sharp .
i like this charger since my daughter can charge her ipod the same time i do my phone .
i haven t used these yet but they a good quality .
so impressed i actually read the manual to see what else i could do with it .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
the chrome colored parts of this case are plastic ,  but the rest looks nice .
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping .
recommended for anyone looking for a replacement battery .
this knife is comfortable in by large hands .
i haven t made pizza in it yet but based on the cookie i m sure it ll work well .
nothing special ,  but it s pretty nice for what you pay for .
no problem with clean up ,  looks beautiful in the kitchen .
i would buy this product again and prefer it over a cuisinart .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
it s not really sharp ,  so it s great for my kids .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
i needed something a little bit smaller and this is perfect .
they sent me a new battery right away .
amazing case you have to buy this but .
the trick is to have the dough the proper consistency .
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
i would recommend you get the version without the connector for the iphone .
since it is this cheap ,  i think the quality worth the price overall .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
so it definitely lasts longer than the stock battery that i had in there .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
about once a month i give the machine a good cleaning .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
i got this to see what electronics were using power when not on and it works great .
this provided a perfect solution to my problem .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
for just one or two peices of fruit at a time it is a very useful product .
it is a little lighter than the picture shows .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i got what i thought i would and i liked the rubber case .
i haven t had a chance to use this yet but the quality is good .
a little tight in my incredible num_extend but they fit .
so i thought i would give it a try and it s great .
it charges at a great rate ,  it is usually finished within a few hours for charging a single battery .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
it gets clean this way and i rarely wash it with soap and water .
the case is cute and doesn t really add that much bulk to it .
it will melt if you fry at very high heat .
i ended up ordering another one ! and they come in multiple colors .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
for what it s worth ,  this is a must buy for anyone who does not have a screen protector .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
it sounds good and i could hear my friend talking to me clearly .
multipoint technology to pair with more than one device .
red color is a little brighter than pictured but still nice .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
i happened to see this one on sale in a department store so i went ahead and got it .
works fine ,  though i wish i had bought a larger size .
flip it around under running water and it comes clean in a few seconds .
replacing a home button in an iphone num_num is difficult ,  however ,  soooo worth it .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
the rechargeable battery can last long enough in one full charge .
i took them right back and got another pair .
so far so good !  been using these for a week in an htc evo num_extend and htc evo shift .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
it keeps liquids warm without being on direct heat .
i ordered this so that i could plug in multiple items for trips and it is really great .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
the one i received is made in china .
i keep up on all my reading and more .  .  .  . awesome phone .
its very pretty but it gets dirty really easy and its realllly hard to clean .
so i think securing the top would be a nice safety feature .
this is a very good case for the extended num_extend in my case  battery for the evo num_extend
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
we tried two other brands ,  but finally got something that had the power to do the job !  !  .
saw this product on tv ,  had doubts but tried one ,  loved it .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
bought some extra to go with my dehydrator .
i have a htc one in blue and needed a good cover while actually showing off the blue beauty .
it works well ,  but i haven t had it long enough to comment on battery life .
this doesn t produce as fine of mist as pam spray ,  but it still produces a nice even coat .
this fits perfectly with my num_num year old num_extend
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
worth the few extra dollars compared to less expensive ones .
looks nice and holds num_num cards but i manage to put num_extend
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
i got these to carry extra batteries for my flash .
i had one of these years ago but when my roommate moved he took it with him .
samsung is really great and this earphone never breaks .
i am not sure if they are genuine samsung or not but they do generate good sound .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
you will need to spend num_num mins with instructions to learn how certain features work ,  but worth it .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
it may seem like a lot of messing around to make it work but it was worth it .
it is a bigger size which is exactly what i needed .
we had bought a small grill  with bun warmer  which worked very well .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
this cutting board is pretty good but after a few uses i noticed a few splinters .
i bought this so there is some flexibility in using and charging an ipod .
i like it and i would recommend it to anyone who owns a motorola atrix phone .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
don t use it as your kitchen clock ! overall excellent coffee maker !  !  .
the little piece that fits into the charging dock doesn t fit too great ,  but overall the product is great .
sells for a lot more in the stores .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
if you are looking for a truly international phone that rocks ,  this is it !  .
much better quality then the ones i purchased at a local specialty store .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
yes love these ,  i will order a pair in black .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i got this to replace my original battery .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
if you shop around ,  you can probably find one just as good as this one for a lower price .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
we got this as a gift some time ago for our daughter .
the sound of the speaker is very clear and loud too .
it comes with the gold lifetime coffee filter which i do prefer .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it was a great headset and when it finally died i bought the new num_extend
this was super quality and it would have been great if it worked for me .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i drink a lot more water because of this .
i purchased one as a gift for my son .
with the amazon price and delivery if your dinc needs a new battery this is the way to go !  .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
but in my opinion ,  it s a pain without feet on it ,  and i recommend them too .
well worth it . it is a bit overpriced in my opinion ,  but i am still glad i bought this .
very handy for your macbook air that does not have an ethernet port .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
the best part of this product was the price .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
it worked fine for just over a year .
these things have great distant too ,  about num_num feet or so .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
not as unobtrusive as earbuds ,  but very functional for the price .
so wearing the headphones with a ski jacket won t work very well .
small  size :  this is pretty small ,  but it is well made and good quality .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
when the outer rubber layer of the bg started peeling off ,  i tossed it and bought this case . it s perfect .
although i didn t like my callpod dragon bluetooth headset ,  i love this callpod charger .
i can t say how good it makes coffee because i haven t made coffee in it yet .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
much better than i thought it would be .
if you choose to leave it on ,  the noise is fairly low and actually kind of pleasant .
just make a nice paste and power away the burnt on grease in moments leaving a nice buffy shine .
the carafe keeps coffee at a good temperature for up to num_num hours .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
i ve long been interested in having a really great blender .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
does a very good job ,  i still have and use it on an old model ipod .
will buy another one if i have to .
i don t use the remote much ,  but it works fine .
this helps match the consistency of store bought instant oatmeal ,  thickens it up .
it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price .
if you are a medium to smaller person this is perfect .
they have been through the dishwasher countless number of times and come out looking brand new .
i would recommend this coffee maker to other .
i d love to get another chopper attachment and blade .
it originally fit my evo num_extend and it also fits the razr maxx  a bit snug  .
good buy if you are purchasing for more than yourself .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
i was glad that i didn t have to call customer service for any missing parts . overall ,  i recommend this product .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
so great ,  i m going to order one more num_extend and num_num num_extend
amazing !  !  !  folks ,  this is how products should be built .
great if you keep it in your purse instead of jeans !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i like the design compared to other types i ve used in the past .
sells for a lot more in the stores .
this unit definitely does the job but it is quite flimsy and it is very noisy .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
hi ! i got this for my samsung infuse with the extended battery and cover for when i ll be out awhile .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
i have used it primarily for cookies ,  but it works great for other baked goods as well .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
not as i expected ,  but it work nice .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
and ,  it s perfect for the hair in the bathroom between scrubbing .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
this pan was larger than i had expected ,  it s a great size .
this is a difference in the smell and taste of the water .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
i especially liked the feature that had it turn off automatically .
i have tried other headsets and at last got a true num_extend
it s light weight ,  yet sturdy enough to not have to worry about it toppling over .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
not too great of a product but looks great .
i got this to replace my old one .
i was pleasantly surprised at how small this external backup battery is .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
i have had this blender for several years num_extend it works great .
it has a sturdy rubber handle with an optional clip .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
it washes well in the dishwasher and never rusts !  .
i d buy it again if i ever needed to .
it is not great but it does work .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
i own one and has lasted for years .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it easily clips on to your belt and also provides some protection for your phone if dropped .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
it was quite easy to use ,  i just followed the instructions and made the small adjustments mentioned above .
it worked fine for just over a year .
that in itself is worth the few bucks .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
i only use it about num_num or num_num times a month ,  but for chopping small amounts it is perfect .
it is a little bit of a tight fit in my iphone num_extend but it works .
they are wide enough to hold lots of things .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
i plan to buy some more colors also .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
would definitely recommend if the size is not an issue for you .
would recommend to anyone who wants to protect the screen from accidental scratches .
simple big book or small book it holds them all and the design allows for easy page turning .
works well !  sometimes after market products don t work ,  but that isn t the case here .
over the years ,  i ve reshaped my recipe a bunch of times and like what i have now quite well .
they are made of great quality ,  and they look great ,  too !  .
nevertheless ,  this one is good for dispensing a small amount of oil in a larger pattern .
i also do quite a bit of cooking and have large hands .
this product is nice and does the job well .
they also make it in a variety of different sizes ,  depending on your needs .
i strongly recommend spending the little extra money and getting the anker name ,  the two batteries ,  and the charger .
it works well but i wish it had a micro usb plug to charge it .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
works for any of your boiled water needs .
it s not real heavy but does a great job of mixing .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
cord is very short so that makes it safer to use .
i picked this item up at a local store .
i buy a lot of things through amazon and i have always got good service .
this will add size and weight to the iphone ,  but for me it s worth it .
temperature is accurate . had trouble with the handle coming loose after second time using .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
overall this is a very nice brush for the price .
you have to put some pretty good torque on it to get it to open .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
others are more expensive but not any better ,  this one is great for coffee lovers like myself .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this coffee maker works just fine and i have had no problems so far .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
although not very strong ,  it is very practical and inexpensive .
i got this battery for my mom cell .
this is one of the best purchases i ve made through amazon .
thanks to the good amazon customers i found the solution to my problem .
they are very simple devices and super inexpensive .
it s decent on the internet ,  and you can do a lot with this phone .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
i bought this a few years ago and use it often as i am a fan of raw garlic .
i have dropped my phone in this case twice and it was perfectly fine .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
it was a very pretty light silver color .
i got num_num years of almost daily use out of it ,  its a good product from a good company .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
this product is amazingly small for the juice provided .
i happened to see this one on sale in a department store so i went ahead and got it .
will purchase another when this one fail .  . by the way cummunity coffee works great .
i was able to workout on the treadmill without having to interrupt my pace to adjust them .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
my only gripe is that the rubber is not as tight as it should be  but it s good enough  .
i have been using mine for a few weeks ,  and here are my thoughts : pros : very ,  very durable .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
hope this battery helps me improve on that !  .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
the usb chord is extremely short so it works best to connect it to a computer .
i recommend both the yogurt maker and having an extra set of jars .
may not be for everyone ,  but i like it .
most portable speaker sets are rather expensive . this amplifies more than i was expecting ,  and is nice and small .
the led has a switch to turn it on or off . in all ,  the num_extend is really a great product .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
i love the charred smoky taste it leaves on the food .
it was more flexible than i was expecting ,  but it s a snug fit and feels good in my hands .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
i was afraid the quality of plastic was going to be lacking but it s actually very good quality .
it s not % splatter proof ,  but it s good .
worked with them just a little to get rid of the bubbles and all is good .
it lags a bit ,  as mentioned prior ,  but a great improvement ,  without a doubt .
the package arrived in perfect shape and everything was unboxed and in service within just a few minutes .
got as a gift for my wife after our other unit died .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this skin is perfect barring the above defects .
so this is my second day of using the num_extend and i love it .
i received one as a gift to use with my iphone num_extend
i origionaly had the num_extend that is a great headset .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
this bluetooth headset works better than any i ve had .
tiny desserts are a favorite because the indulgence is small .
this is an awesome portable recharging battery that does not weigh a lot .
the colors were a little different from the picture but i still enjoy the colors .
filling the coffee filter  fill ,  and tap down a bit  and water is easy ,  .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
i use this scrubber to clean my sinks and dishes with good effect .
it s frigging annoying ,  but again ,  still worth it  .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
i have bought this item a few times .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
better than i could have imagined !  i got two of these for my twins .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
have not had a chance to try it out yet ,  so will have to update once installed . overall good experience .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
the cable works great with my iphone num_extend
it helps if you do something to soften your potatoes up first .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
i ended up ordering another one ! and they come in multiple colors .
it s stable ,  cheap and does its job well for $
i m pleasantly surprised and have been using it for months without any problems .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
i eventually cut it off and shaved down the sharp corners and it was good to go .
not the best out there ,  but for the price asked it is decent item .
the best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water ,  it still works .
they are not great ,  but based a very good value for the money .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
i was surprised at the quality for the price .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
it lived up to the description on amazon .
based on the reviews ,  i decided to test these out and they work great .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i have now had the unit for a couple of months and it is working great !  .
it works great ,  i ve noticed no odd smells that others have complained about .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
the packaging is great ,  very easy to open and get to the product .
gift for a friend using a company issued phone .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
it was so much easier to use than the traditional rolling cutters .
i purchased it ,  put it together and used it right away .
i received my case for my phone and i love it .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
my wife was worried because they come apart ,  but once you are used to them they work very well .
this is a great alternative to purchasing an oem replacement battery .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
great product that works well with my iphone num_num and for the price ,  just order them !  .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
my phone now stays charged for well over a day .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the outer lip catches liquids and keeps spills contained .
this battery has kept my machine in working order longer than i thought !  .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good .
at night with back lighting they are fine .
i dropped my phone accidently and otter box held up great .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
unlike my plastic measuring cups ,  these are great for hot or cold liquids .
it works great . now ,  for another glass of that grapefruit juice .
for the price  , there worth getting to protect your devices .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
they are durable and at that price you don t cry if one gets broken  :   .
it was so cute and worked great for this purpose .
they have held up well and i have had no problems .
these are of old fashion style but with new technology .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i found this one here and saw all the good reviews and decided to give it a try .
i wanted something that would be as good .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
i am glad i bought this battery at this price .
perfect for your earbuds ,  protects from wires getting angled and the earbuds pulling off the ear piece .
much better than i d expected for the price .
recieved this today and couldn t wait to try it out and was pleased with the results .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
the good thing also is that it doesn t bubble my screen protector .
overall for the price and the few let downs ,  its a good deal .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i was concerned that the bowl might not fit on right ,  but it s working great .
i could have just changed blades but doing it this way is faster .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
for less then five bucks this is a pretty good deal .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
good for my ipod and ipad . will use when traveling .
i was thrilled to find these on amazon .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
i was delighted with the yogurt maker that i purchased .
these are probably the most beautiful set of tongs i have ever seen .
quantity of food makes a difference in your experience .
the connector piece is very sturdy and does not come out easily .
it is a little heavy but it s worth saving the phone from being ruined .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
my cat actually likes drinking water out of a glass bowl .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
after a month of use i ve gotten used to ,  and even like the feel of it .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
not ideal dor extended use ,  but perfect for on the go .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
and it was brand new fresh off from the package it come in !  .
it is priced reasonably enough to replace it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i got this headset because it promises noise cancellation .
my daughter wanted simple black so i got her this set .
i gave it num_num stars because ,  for this type of grinder ,  it is very good . ken .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
perfect for my aux hookup in my car so i can listen to my podcasts .
it works well with my wife s galaxy s num_extend my own galaxy s num_extend and my son s iphone .
and it shuts it self off which is a good feature .
i really liked these earbuds and the price was rite also .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
i purchased one as a gift for my son .
handy to have when the power is out .
i love these bowls !  have used them as daily dishes for years .
i am satisfied with the miletta and if i really want a treat i will go buy a starbucks .
i saw them on special sale for $
i really like the product and decided to do a review on my youtube channel .
purchased it as a gift but ended up keeping it for myself .
i ve arranged for amazon to send a replacement . original comments : works great .
it s not very pretty but it is functional .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i carry my phone in my pocket and this case keeps the in and out action smooth .
however ,  do note that this style of headset with its mic positioning may present a challenge . happy listening !  .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
it worked out nice ,  since i only wanted num_extend
sounds great on phone calls ,  but i also use to play music while walking .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
simple ,  inexpensive and does what i need it to do which is heat water .
great product and i ve used many different brands .
i bought this dehydrator because i wanted an affordable machine that would also work well and last .
that was not the color i wanted ,  but it was okay ,  it was still a good deal .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it was well packaged without any shipping damage .
i like these since they are a bit thinner than my former silicone sheets .
the color is so much brighter than it was in the picture .
it is a little strange taking phone calls in stereo ,  but it works fine .
will buy another one if i have to .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
as a saute pan it is great with the lid so useful .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i ve only had this opener for about a month ,  but it s easily the best i ve ever owned .
i then found a deal on a jabra num_extend
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
it does take some getting used too ,  but after a few days of use it works great .
convenient size and works great for my galaxy num_extend
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
this adds a subtle ,  yet different ,  flavor to the homemade noodles .
mugs are very nice also ,  and are ceramic or stoneware ,  whatever they state in the add .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
after i bought a new one i found it .
i have a blackberry storm that this works with .
note an accessory bag is not included but the molded packaging works well for my needs .
i grew up loving the smell of percolators  at an elderly woman s home that i loved like a grandma .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
mirror tint looks razor sharp on my phone .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
we recently moved into a house that has % wood floors .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
this is a replacement battery and works fine .
it almost looks like a toy ,  it is so cute .
it is actually better than having to hold it down on my earpods .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
not yet ,  but it s sturdy enough to get the job done if needed .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
still using it and working and it has been so long that i forgot when i got it .
very reasonable and have not had any problems .
the price is reasonable for what you re getting .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
it makes it easier to hold on to the phone .
very good i had minor bubbles i just squeeze out with the thing they give .
however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value .
i basically like aroma stuff ,  they have good quality .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
my first cup which was drank with a certain amount of apprehension was just eye opening good .
actually i thought it would be bigger but the size is still good just wish they made bigger ones .
this spoon is big ,  however it works great .
i ve had it a few days and its incredible !  i love it !  so happy i bought it .
much better than all the mr coffee s i ve had .
well done ,  oxo ! a solid five stars  i wish i could rate it even higher  .
i used it twice and it performed well .
the fan is not horribly loud ,  it moves air and it does it with a decent amount of force .
after i placed this protector it helped a lot .
sound quality is good enough for me ,  though the bass can be better .
the handle is a little short but comfortable to hold .
we like that they are unbleached ,  less chemicals is always better for the body !  .
these are very quite  at the low setting  compared to other fans and move so much air .
the door closes and opens very very smoothly .
great sound ,  both for me ,  and for people on the other end .
hangs lower on my waist ,  looks nice and have no complaints with it .
just a regular ol  usb cable works just fine !  definitely recommend this product .
i like the metal buttons it has for the volume so it makes it easier to change it .
fresh wheat is a great thing nutritionally and is also much cheaper than buying old ,  processed flour .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
besides the design being a little obtrusive ,  it works .
got a device to test voltage and amperage from chargers .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i like it if i have any problems i will update you .
these were easy to install ,  slide smoothly ,  and do the job .
it is inexpensive enough that you don t overly mind losing one or two .
this is the best !  i am a little peculiar about drinking water .
i m not sure it improves a cup of coffee substantially ,  but it s worth the effort .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
i like oxo brand ,  most of my kitchen utensils are oxo so i have come to trust the brand .
the screen is beautiful and bright . however i did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones .
perfect size screen protectors ,  though a little difficult to remove all the bubbles .
i d prefer one that s a little more stylish in material .
i even noticed it while listening to music .
overall ,  the case keeps the phone slim still ,  yet provides really good protection for the price you pay .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
very versatile unless your car  or rental  doesn t provide any cd slot any more  have you seen one ?   .
i used it for the num_extend for a party i had and it came in real handy .
i love to fix soups and stews in it .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
a little super glue works to solve the problem .
the plates and regular to more medum size but the coffee cups and great size .
phone works well and is of good quality .
well ,  in my opinion ,  the eseries software is better than windows mobile and iphone .
it s a nice protective ,  attractive ,  rugged case except for the belt clip and the fold out stand .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
so don t give up on such a great product .
they last a bit longer than stock and the charger is handy too .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
i recently had an issue with another oko product and the company made good on their lifetime warranty .
i am very happy with this skin !  the argile doesn t show up very well .  .  . but that was great for me .
i bought a num_num cup as well which works well when you need to make a larger amount .
it works well but i wish it had a micro usb plug to charge it .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
it is nicer to look at than the picture indicates .
it helps to get the external battery charger too !  .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
the cable frayed and split after a year but still work fine .
i look forward to findingexperiencing the quality of this product .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
with the slightly smaller than standard size ,  this is a great bargain .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
my other broke so this is a great replacement .
it does a nice job on all but the most stubborn stains .
also like the little led flashlight ,  works well in a pinch if you need a little light .
better coffee than those coffee makers  ,  byfar !  .
my eyes have also improved and they aren t so runny when i wake up in the morning .
probably will buy another one soon of a different kind that fits appropriately .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
the  open bottle here  logo on this one is cute .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
well ,  turns out i didn t know how much i need this until i got it .
got a device to test voltage and amperage from chargers .
this is a great machine if you enjoy weak coffee .
either this is the real deal or a very good knockoff .
fully assembled i found a couple things i didn t like .
much better and higher quality than the ones you ll see in stores for around the same price .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
this stylus works great on my iphone num_extend and my num_extend
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
so i got online at   .  .  .   and found this charging pod .
i didn t like them at first ,  but upon realization ,  i liked them even better .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
can t beat it for all in one device ,  especially if a camera is important .
it works great !  but it falls out occasionally and needs readjusting a lot .
the voice quality is good; but not really exceptional .
i have another one that is num_num times that old that needs a few parts but it still works .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the foam is not as long lasting as i would like ,  but it is really just fine .
i needed a car charger for my new iphone and this fits the bill .
i will follow up in a couple of months to see if it still holds up .
i decided to try this one out since the price was right .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
i took them right back and got another pair .
amazingly ,  it too is made in china what a surprise  .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
it pulls cool air in ,  bringing down the temperature of the house .
it looks bulky and heavy ,  but the unit is very light .
it s not a perfect set ,  but it s a good deal for $
i used it the same day i got it .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i think this set will last me a good long while !  .
it s kinda big to put into pocket but overall its worth it if you use your phone a lot .
i found a tip that hair spray or super glue works to make a smooth glide .
i ll recommend it to anyone with neck or shoulder problems .
the set is indeed stainless and the steel has held up with significant wear .
the voice quality is good; but not really exceptional .
i bought it because you can attach the earbuds for stereo listening .
it isnamgood concept and design ,  but the usb connector was a bit flay after a few months .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
then i got this ,  and was really impressed ,  even though i discovered that i had been wrong all along .
it is beautiful ,  and it comes out of the dryer without any wrinkles .
overall good quality ,  just a little to hard to get around with the buttons for me .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i ordered num_num of these bowls in fun mix and match colors .
i got it for a good price compared to other ones on the market .
i just use the one usb port and it works great .
made in china ,  but works well so far .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
there s a lot of positive reviews here ,  which is why i bought this one .
i like these since they are a bit thinner than my former silicone sheets .
bought one for each of my kids too !  .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
otherwise they are really good batteries at a really good price .
and i was never one for screen protecters but it kept the phones screen nice and vibrant .
it worked out nice ,  since i only wanted num_extend
i m sending my daughter one for a gift .
for what i paid for this product ,  even if it lasted a few weeks ,  it was worth it .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
they are very light and don t make my ears stick out at all .
perfect small size for cutting these shapes and small cookies .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i m glad i did it a second time .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
works incredibly well; whereas with the original battery i had to recharge it mid day ,  this one last .
this product was in good shape when i received it .
i bought one for me and my daughter .
works great but makes my pics and vids look weird .
i got this $ mixer for under $
i got this for my num_num year old .
i m not good doing this kind of stuffs but when i put on the screen ,  it just fits perfectly .
this air purifier seems to work well ,  but it is indeed loud even on the lowest setting .
i have several other joyce chen utensils and these are good quality as well .
i got this to replace my old one .
get one yours today !  i will do business again with the seller after i run out !  woot !  .
so far so good !  been using these for a week in an htc evo num_extend and htc evo shift .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
for some reason it is slightly more comfortable too .
this headset sounds great when talking ,  unlike others that sound faint to the listener .
great price on amazon  . better style than the num_extend i had  . came in like you get at the store .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
the quality is excellent and it does not add huge bulk to the phone .
then i found out that it was a great protector for my phone .
more sturdy than other products made of lighter materials .
it takes a few charges to get the full charge so worth the price .
a rubberized case ,  inside of a red protective case that is very stylish !  three more words .
very handy .  .  . if it gets dirty you just wash in soap and water and just like new again .
this one has a smooth screen and it didn t leave any bubbles at all for me .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
these are nicer than i thought they would be .
i even got one for my wife s iphone .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it s still a little bit shiny ,  but does a very good job of reducing glare and minimizing greasy fingerprints .
great for those that don t have much to do with phone .
i got this pair to replace my bluefox headphones .
the color is nice ,  not as bright turquoise as the picture .
for the price you can t beat this item .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
item arrived well packaged ,  on time and as described in the item description .
the amoled screen is bright and very vibrant but a little pixelated .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
my recent purchase of the itorch external battery num_extend has presented itself to be a great buy  under $
i ve always had good experiences ordering from amazon . com .
i ve had several chargers and this is easily the most powerful one i ve owned .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
for the price ,  this is a great option for getting a new set of household scissors .
great price !  you can t beat it for the price ,  and the it is not too long .
works fine and charges a little faster since it supplies num_extend more current than the original lg .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
i found this on amazon and thought i would buy it .
i actually ended up buying a few different sizes i liked them so much .
i bought this about four years ago and have used it several times .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
connected my old classic ipod to my num_extend  on idrive  and this adapter worked like a charm .
this way ,  i really have a great extension hose .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
please be aware when making your purchase  !  .
i would recommend you get the version without the connector for the iphone .
these aren t the biggest i ve ever seen ,  but they are quite adequate ,  simple ,  sturdy ,  attractive and well made .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
would recommend to anyone thinking of such a purchase .
it s worth noting the inside of the plastic is partially lined with felt .
i bought one like this several years ago .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
it fits the phone pretty well and doesn t add a lot of bulk and weight .
clean up was easy as well ,  i just used hot water as recommended by the manufacturer .
i can t explain why ,  but they taste even better that way .
i m going to make this short and sweet .
for the material this item is made of ,  it was worth the price .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
i like these much better than the bb headsets ,  which are always falling apart .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
my husband likes using it to place his work clothes the night before .
it s holding up well for almost num_num months of daily use .
this works great to hold a phone or gps so it is not blocking the windshield .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
i bought my first otterbox for my ipod touch and it worked fabulous .
this piece of screen door with a handle does improve the situation .
i just decided to go with these since they re inexpensive and they have great reviews on amazon .
this kit is a reasonable alternative to buying these much needed tools for canning individually .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i will update this review again in a month or so you will know if it still works .
they do not have any odor ,  a very good thing .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
i had purchased some other ones that were not compatible and this one does the job .
i surely will purchase again with this sellerthank you .
easy to put together with a few screws  enclosed  .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
the smallest one is great for storing whole bean coffee .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it s made of plastic ,  and has a handle that works great .
was a little smaller then expected but over all good product ,  durable and very cute .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
i forgot how much i liked this keyboard .
they are very sturdy and can hold a lot of weight .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
it does allow for the versatility of using a small wireless unit as source .
i have not used it much but was happy with it when i did .
this is the best option for an alternative to a bluetooth earpiece .
the entire thing is so tiny  pleasantly so in fact  ,  it took me by surprise .
i wasn t expecting much but it s both light and comfortable .
this num_extend is my second battery i purchased from them ,  and i am impressed with its longevity .
the velcro latching mechanism is superb and i don t see this ever wearing out like some cheaper velcro does .
the color is a little bit lighter than that purple .
i put it in the oven for num_num degrees for num_num hours and it came out great .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
i also had another case which seemed to keep the phone very warm when charging .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
i have since purchased another to go on the washer since it worked out well .
might ve been able to design it to hold a few more cookies ,  but otherwise ,  great .
also ,  i like that it doesn t add a lot of bulk to the phone ,  but keeps it safe !  .
i carefully read and followed the instruction manual and recipe .
it easily clips on to your belt and also provides some protection for your phone if dropped .
nice ,  more sturdy than i d expected for the price .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
i will buy them again and would recommend them .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
i have never used one ,  tried it out and it is wonderful .
just plunk it on the base in any direction and you re good to go .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
good purchase . i joined amazon prime last year and i have decided this is the best way to shop .
this helps make a little difference when you are icing a cake .
i have found butter to be better than oil for keeping the pan seasoned .
it works mostly good ,  and it is num_extend than the num_extend that i own .
it s also great for vent mounting ,  provided you don t have one of those vents that oscillates automatically .
quiet ,  quiet ,  quiet ! the eureka num_extend is the best vacuum cleaner around .
keep the manual handy to help you get that thing on correctly .
this looks good and cleans up with a wipe of a wet cloth .
this product is amazingly small for the juice provided .
heavy and a little difficult to clean but worth the extra effort !  .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
the buttons are quite big to press easily during driving .
pocket is deep  only one ,  it looked like num_num from the photo ,  but still a nice deep pocket  .
the insulated pot keeps your coffee warm without burning your coffee .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
wow !  i have owned several bluetooth stereo headphones over the years .
very powerful that charges my iphone at least num_num times .
the spring actually works ,  so when you let go ,  it releases .
these were extremely cheap and the quality is amazing .
really liked this case when i use to have my old num_extend
it s not for everything but it works well for certain types of cooking .
i may be buying more ,  but for now ,  these num_num certainly do the job .
still oem though  :   works great with my galaxy num_extend
it lights up amber when charging the battery and green when fully charged .
the best thing is that the shipping was super fast .
it will last for years and never go out of style .
well worth the few bucks you pay for it .
however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value .
i have found that i keep this on top of my stove ,  as i use it for everything .
not much to say about this product but it works ,  it is not heavy but is durable .
after only num_num minutes i had some of the most amazing ice cream i have ever had .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
the color is nice ,  not as bright turquoise as the picture .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it s comfortable enough that i sometimes forget i m wearing it .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
keep them oiled up and they will last a lifetime .
bothered by the bright light  ?  ?  ?  get a pair of cheap sunglasses .  .  .  . it s worth it  !  !  .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
got this to replace my worn out model .
its very powerful ,  but filter needs cleaned very often .
i got these and they were just as expected .
this is better than cell phone extended battery .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
this is a nice container ,  but i had expected something a bit larger .
it is actually darker and then lighter depending on the light .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
great for connecting my pc to my tv .
slightly larger grip than normal ,  making it comfortable in the hand .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
easy to clean .  .  . my only gripe is that it s bulkier than my old one .
i bought this brand new for about $
nobody else that i could find makes one ,  and it s durable .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
i was very surprised with how nice this item looked and felt on my phone .
i like the fact that is longer than the one i had before .
this works for frying pans as well . i agree with the comments that the lid is hard to clean .
great product at a fair price .  .  . i paid $ here at amazon on sale .
after searching i found this on on amazon .
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
it began to chip ,  peel and rust over time . this rack is much better than my old one .
it feels a bit tentative in action but it continues to work so far .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
it was fully charged in about num_num hours and it holds an amazing amount of charge .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
it has to be good on floor and carpet .
they definitely protect the screen from occasional scratches that might occur taking in and out of your pocket .
i think this is a very environmentally friendly and healthy option compared to conventional products .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
these are good if you don t need a long cable .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
the quality is nice and it does not bend or reform in a hot oven .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
it s super helpful to have an extra battery with a phone that religiously drains it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i must admit this is a good product .
i ordered it on a wednesday and got it on a friday  very fast  .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
this is a great juicer iv been using it over a year and its great .
it is small in size fitting easily into my gadget bag .
quality is not great ,  but ,  the price is very good .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
glad to have a phone that i can upgrade .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the price was cheap and it is a great product .
i bought it and i still like it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
you do have to clean the hair off the brush ,  but it is worth it .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
recommend to any iphone user if they carry their phone in their pockets .
i would recommend this charger for the samsung galaxy num_extend
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
i love my iphone and have never had a problem with it .
i used it so i can move my sim card between phones and it works great .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
what can you say it is a water purifying pitcher and it purifies water .
they just don t have the thickness or weight of what i was used to ,  but perform just fine .
it s perfect for my iphone num_extend num_extend hot spot ,  and ipad .
use warm water and a lot of dish soap .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i had it roughly for about num_num months and worked great on a couple of road trips .
part of the joy of these is how lightweight they are .
this case is solid ,  lightweight and fairly slim .
bothered by the bright light  ?  ?  ?  get a pair of cheap sunglasses .  .  .  . it s worth it  !  !  .
i found this much easier to clean after use than my royal .
i will keep it since it is easy storage .
people can hear me well and i can hear them well .
not the longest cable out there ,  but really great functionality .
it isn t great for soft foods but it is great on everything else .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
i have bought other fiskar sharpeners in the past and they worked great .
this blender is a nice addition to my kitchen .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
but even with the tight fit ,  i still prefer it to not having it .
i ve applied screen protectors on many devices over the years and have to say that greatshield are my favorite .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
the plantronics num_extend bluetooth headset works well ,  has good noise cancelling ability and good  but not superb  fidelity .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
i like this skillet because it s not too big ,  and is easy to clean .
this unit charges quickly ,  depending on what you re connecting it to and it s good for one phone charge .
i was hesitant to spend so much on a filter ,  but it was worth it .
it s not perfect ,  but it is versatile and hardworking .
worth the money dose as it is discribe why spend more ? pay less enjoy .
i m glad i got it to work though .
the results are better than i initially imagined .
the handle is a little short but comfortable to hold .
these have always been good dependable screen protectors .
this cleaner got out almost all of the stains and the car smells so much better .
it is sized just right to hold a men s dress shirt .
i would recommend this protector ,  especially for the cost .
but its still better than my original battery .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
they are a bit thinner than the name brand ones ,  but considering the cost ,  they do the job .
also works for dusting flour on food to fry .
the are comfortable to use ,  and good quality . be aware ,  though ,  that the plastic is fairly easily stained .
i treat it with care and fully disassemble after each use to completely wash .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
well i charged it up and tested it out and the incoming audio was fantastic .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
it s frigging annoying ,  but again ,  still worth it  .
i love the fact that it s nice and soft but not too soft .
this really hasn t been a big deal for us ,  though ,  and we ve been happy with it to this point .
but ,  for the price ,  it s fairly cheap protection ,  and is a lot better than most .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
had a micro usb adapter perfect for the phone and a nice carrying bag too .
bought this as a gift for my young niece .
i have called them twice and chatted once and it was great each time .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
the listening experience ,  in my opinion ,  is much better with a pair of headphones than speakers .
it fits snugly without that annoying loop around your ear .
i haven t taken them off yet !  i love these things .
they re made of metal though !  that surprised me  :  .
i also like being able to add a little cereal to my oatmeal and not messing with boxes .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
i have bought other fiskar sharpeners in the past and they worked great .
these straps work quite well and look good while doing it .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
plenty of time to get that second cup .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
other than that ,  this knife does all the work for you .
i didn t have to buy a lid cause i still had that and it fits perfectly .
the cover is flexible but feels strong enough to protect it moderately .
maybe you picked a color that looks cool .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
this product took care of that problem for me .
plus it is a lot for the price .
there is a reason for that ,  they are good and they work .
this was a pleasant suprise that i was not expecting .
i used this product in a unique way .
this is a nice num_num foot long cable .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
the cakes came out easy without the flour and looked lovely .
good fit ,  good feel ,  and not too loose .
this is the kind of item where it really pays to have amazon prime .
the pot cooks well and i have absolutely zero complaints in this regard .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
the handle helps me to hold it if needs be .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
bought this for my wife s side of the closet .
i m impressed by how much dirt it picks up .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i have it connected to my phone and my laptop and it works with microsoft lync .
it was fantastic that it came in less then a week .
the new one doesn t have that problem and works very well .
i liked this tea pot without a protruding spout .
i have arthritic hands and this handle is super .
item works well but can be extremely dangerous .
that s why i give this a high rating .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
wish it was waterproof and had more features ,  but it s fine .
a little expensive for a piece of plastic but very useful to have for decorating .
it makes smaller pieces so much easier to handle .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
i rectified the situation by puting a gold filter in later and it works great .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
works well ,  i use it for coffee exclusively ,  can t imaging using it for spice ,  then coffee ,  then spice again .
it took a little while to receive it but it was worth the wait .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
others are more expensive but not any better ,  this one is great for coffee lovers like myself .
it s one quart ,  so it s good for measuring lots of liquid .
i got this for my num_num year old .
exactly what i need for my samsung galaxy ii .
premade bags are good ,  but this roll is a much better option when you need various sizes .
i got this battery as a back up ,  especially when i m we re out .
the battery life is terrific !  a charge lasts a month or longer .
first one they send was wrong ,  got another package today and the right ones are there .
i found that to be a bit awkward at times ,  but i like it .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
and you can pair the headset with more than one device .
you rinse it off and it s all clean .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
it heats up quickly and does a good job percolating .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
the unit is simple to operate ,  plug in cables and turn it on .
the iphone is very slick and i have almost dropped it a few times .
don t let the price scare you away; quality usually costs money ,  and in this case it s well worth it .
i hope to use it more as the temp gets hotter !  .
what i have found so far was a tasty cup of coffee with no bitterness .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the battery is lasting quite a while ,  too .
i will buy again when i need it .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
seems to make it taste better when it looks so good . the last thing is really essential .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
the screen is beautiful and bright . however i did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones .
i will never be without my kitchenaid mixer . recommended .
this headset is soooo cool ,  i had to order another one .
headset is nice compact and fairly strong but ear pieces dont hug the head well .
i bought this in a few in different colors .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
this is a great looking rechargeable battery and case for the num_extend
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
i felt much better after the first night s sleep .
the case is rugged and strong ,  the seams around the edge aren t perfectly matched ,  but close enough .
which is great because i don t use it all the time .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i ve read reviews that say it makes a great dog dish too .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
for a pack of num_extend they are quite affordable .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
good buy if you are purchasing for more than yourself .
i bought it and i still like it .
its taste good and its good for you .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
i ve tried a few different types of things to seal wine ,  but this one takes the cake .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
love that has a red light that turns on to let you know it has power .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
with the slightly smaller than standard size ,  this is a great bargain .
well ,  the screen cover does ,  and protects the screen .
i found a tip that hair spray or super glue works to make a smooth glide .
in comparison with other more expensive cables they work just fine .
but other than that ,  it s a wonderful product .
another great product made in germany by wuesthof .
it was not worth returning them but i m glad now as they work great with this older device .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
these are good quality bags compared to the off brands .
i tried several usb peripherals  mouse ,  keyboard ,  flash drive  and all of them worked like a charm .
this adds a subtle ,  yet different ,  flavor to the homemade noodles .
the typical otterbox case is rather massive and bulky ,  but the commuter series is lean ,  sleek ,  and sturdy .
this toaster is great for a couple who do not like their bread toasted to the same degree .
although the design isn t my favorite the quality of the product is what matters most .
i have never used one ,  tried it out and it is wonderful .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
i was also happy that i didn t have to assemble it !  well worth the money !  .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
i don t have any complains with this product ,  highly recommended .
i use this mostly for tea ,  and it really works well .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it s a bit thin ,  but fits well and has a nice texture and color .
for the low price having an extra usb charger this works great .
it has a little light to let me know it has power .
i bought this because i needed a new knife ,  and it was recommended by cook s illustrated .
i bought this skillet a few years ago .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
it was delicious ! i used to think it was a pain to clean and wanted removable bowls .
it s a sharp looking case and protects the phone well .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i let the pan cool and cleaned it out really good .
my first cup which was drank with a certain amount of apprehension was just eye opening good .
unlike other screen protectors that i have purchased in the past ,  these are very good ones ,  and inexpensive .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
use this every morning now for my coffee .
i have never purchase anything like this and would highly recommend it to anyone .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
in fact ,  it s so sharp ,  sometimes it takes off too much skin .
especially cool is you can disconnect the usb cable and use it on your laptop or home charger .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i m a tea drinker and this is a must have .
i have also found the solution for these bottles having no caps .
i found num_num to be appropriate for my needs .
i like the fact it maintains a heat level and i can then adjust it .
this is a great product !  one thing i was sure wouldn t be good was the little connector pieces .
this product makes a decent cup of coffee .
i have this model and an anker astro num_extend the powergen is superior .
this is good for chilling the bowl when whipping cream as well .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i bought these for my daughter and will be ordering another set for myself .
i ve tried every device i have with this and it works with everything .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
i like that it withstands heat from the hot juices and washes beautifully in the dishwasher .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
the main packaging box was in chinese and kind of faded but actually really neat to look at .
so good that i placed a second order for num_num more .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
at this price ,  it is still a worthwhile investment ,  but buyers should be aware of the limitation .
it is much simpler to use than a food processor .
fm audio quality not quite as good as the motorola num_extend but definitely good enough .
yes for more money there are better pieces out there ,  but for the price this unit is very good .
i got this to replace my original battery .
works great !  needed a replacement for my old charger .
this platter is the perfect size not to big or small .
overpriced though ,  for my opinion ,  but looks and feels good and does what it should .
i purchased it for my samsung galaxy note num_extend and it works well .
i ve just put on this cover and it looks good and is nice and tight .
if you are looking for a decent set of knives at an excellent price ,  buy these knives .
youtube videos on how to do it are useful .
the fit is adequate ,  not % accurate ,  but still snaps into place well .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it s kinda a pain to clean ,  but it s worth it .
i saved a lot of money ,  simple ,  it works .
it worked fine for just over a year .
these screen protectors are very useful and are a lot cheaper than the name brand ones .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
these are great cups ,  but the handles are a little skinny .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
but you get what u pay for so i m happy with it .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
as far as reliability ,  i can t give the bodum a good rating .
found the replacement here on amazon ,  and for the price ,  it s like getting a brand new mixer again .
i think it flares out more than the original so it has a bigger diameter .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
i really like these measuring cups vs the pyrex ones .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i ve been using them for about two weeks now ,  and i am quite pleased .
this is a nice soup ladle that is  as claimed  durably made .
it is beautiful !  num_num stars because i think it is expensive for what it is .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
i like it better than the plastic or aluminum ones they sell .
i love that the cook plates come out and i can put them into the dishwasher or sink .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
no longer have the num_extend but when i did this case worked very well with it .
it s really hard to get on and off but that is also a good thing .
love this !  i live in a small apartment and space is an issue .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
also has a handy additional port for another usb cable to charge an additional device .
good quality at a good price ,  just a tad smaller than the standard one i used to have .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
much better than anything you d by in the dollar store .
the size is nice and compact so it s not another huge gadget to store .
i was impressed at the sturdiness ,  especailly due to the fact that they aren t bulky .
i couldn t find a single cup machine i liked so this small num_num cup works great for me .
this was a positive experience although i still feel like a traitor to frugality for buying it .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
it looked easy to hold and the brush looked firm .
it is fine for the price ,  nicer than i expected .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
much better than the nails i used before .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
still freezes up every once in awhile but really good phone .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i would recommend this size for babies through early elementary school aged children .
by messing around i got it to work but it takes effort .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
this charger works great and is short ,  unlike most chargers .
i m glad i trusted the reviews as this brand seems to be popular .
so it definitely lasts longer than the stock battery that i had in there .
i found just what i was looking for here and placed my order .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
it s also easy to wash; just stick it in the dishwasher with your other utensils .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
it even still captures audio in front of you if you are recording video .
i upgraded from the num_extend num_extend  also a seriously great phone  to this .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
i got this as an upgrade to a smart phone from a plan old phone .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
i have purchased speaker stands and mounts each time i moved .
a very nice replacement for the orginal htc battery .
i put on the music on my ipod ,  and wow .
this is a pretty good vacuum for the money .
got me a stihl saw ,  fiskars ax and hatchet and bought this sharpener as well .
i ve had this thermometer for a couple of years and i love it .
best one of these type devices i have had including a jabra and a motorola .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
these are a good basic pair of tongs .
the great thing is the loaves are a normal size !  not tall like in most bread machines .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i am a num_num pound num_extend woman and my pants fit beautifully .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
it works great havent had a single issue with it like my last usb that was very old .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
the clip has a firm grip ,  but it is also easy to release when you need to remove it .
all your are left with is nice moist baked cookie .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
you can even use this one when the power goes out !  .
the music streaming ability ,  sound and the color .
it cooks so well when you are only trying to fry for one or two .
since i have had this on i noticed the air smells better and cleaner .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good .
a lot of very good apps out there ,  too .
the video that comes with the instruction booklet is awesome .
i ve not had occasion to use the serrated knife yet but it is weighty ,  balanced and sharp as well .
this amp is so simple ,  it s almost silly .
the cord is short ,  as others have mentioned ,  but an extension cord is an easy fix .
it s pricey but if you want a good headset than it s worth it .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
this is a pretty good product for its price .  . thought it would of been cheap and ripped by now .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
works perfectly ,  sometimes on amazon the seller will say an item is oem and it usually is not .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
the bristles are soft as well as flexible .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i have a box full of usb cords and this fits most of them .
this small folding screen gets the job done .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
the sound is great and there is not a lot of backround noise that gets through .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
corelle items are weird in that they are cheap and yet still a quality product .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
i will continuance to use it and see how it goes .
it was a few years old and well used .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
i bought these to make dog biscuits and they work just fine .
the lid even sits on top with the jar .
i had a keurig ,  which i liked well enough .
now i use it at least once a week .
this cover is the good one to keep your phone .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
still ,  if you are willing to pay for the better sound this is a very good headset to consider .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
well ,  since i found that i can buy them locally for the same price ,  or the arm and h .
i used this pan for the first time last night and it is simply great .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i bought this case because of the descriptions and the price .
just take it out about an hour before you plan to drink it and enjoy .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
lol ,  i now have an interesting paper weight .
the small head allows me to reach places i could never reach before .
the length is a bit awkward but it does do the job .
it also helps to keep it in your shirt pocket if you carry your phone there .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
i had to buy another one . i liked the features that this one promised so i ordered it .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i have an iphone num_num which is a bit narrow for this but works great ,  regardless .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
it is a useful device rather than a fun device .
it has usb power too if you connect it to a laptop .
i have used several of them over the years i have had my phone and they are great .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the jabra supreme bluetooth headset is nicer than many of the headsets out there .
i got this to replace my original battery .
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well .
i was surprised at how small this little guy is .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i have an htc incredible and needed a holder for my car .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i am a terrible cook but anything you throw in this pot comes out delicious .
all around a fantastic trash can and i would pay more than $ again if i had to .
it take more maintenance than a drip maker ,  but i think it s worth it .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
we have bamboo ,  tile ,  and wood floors and this works well . the only complaint is that it is very noisy .
it has multiple plastic parts but i think they are easy to clean .
you get what you pay for ,  served me well .
if this is made in china ,  they are making nice products that are affordable to the rest of us .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
vendor was responsive ,  offered refund and was good to work with .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
i ve had this cover about a month and it works well .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i am not sure how long it will last ,  but so far it works fine .
i ve been using this for few weeks now and it works great .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
this has two num_extend ports ,  which is perfect for charging an iphone and ipad at the same num_extend
i m not much of a text user but the flip open keyboard certainly makes it easier .
i was having lots of trouble finding on in the stores ,  glad i found this one .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
it s nice to have a drink that when you knock it over ,  won t spill .
i was a bit skeptical and was scared to fully test it out but hopefully this helps your decision . thanks !  .
much better than i d expected for the price .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
not hugely better ,  but it surprises me still .
if you are interested in that look then it is best .
sturdy made to protect the beauty of your phone and does its job as a plain phone case .
on balance this is a good product that could be even better if hoover would make a few changes .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i read all the other reviews and pretty much agree .
would recommend if this the type of cover you are in search of .
the first one worked great in my other car so i ordered a second one .
this is much better than the less expensive ,  cheap screen protectors .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i bought this and used it twice now .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
this knife is really sharp and it s been num_num months and i haven t had to sharpen it yet .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
some folks like it but my eyes are sensitive to light at night but i still use it .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i got these bowls to cut down on serving sizes while dieting .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i found the unit easy to set up and use .
it s also very smooth ,  so there s no problems with snagging fabric .
a bit of a pain to clean but worth it .
the top portion gets loose but other it s great .
i add a spray of vinegar and that helps .
i have had it over a year now .
i hope to find more reasonably priced ,  well made products made in the us !  .
additionally ,  this headset works great as a simple pair of headphones should you choose to use in that capacity .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
its large size keeps the foam from overflowing .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
needed some gloves that weren t too bulky to use for work and these fit great .
i m not a big toast eater but enjoy an occasional slice every few days with breakfast .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
for the money ,  it is a much better value than the kitchenaid or cuisineart devices .
i don t think there s a toaster made that is perfect for everyones taste .
handy to have when the power is out .
it also features voice answering using the plantronics myheadset app .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
this item arrived before the expected date and even better than i expected .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
it has a secure connection between top and bottom so the case doesn t accidentally open .
i ve been a bit rough with the mechanism on occasion and they seem reasonably durable as well .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
i am very happy to have a new one .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
here is what i found upon receiving it .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
the beauty of this charger is the detachable cord .
wasn t too sure how it be but was surprised with the quality of the sound .
but this size is small and convenient to store .
this cover is very nice ,  it looks expensive .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
wished i had bought one for myself as well as a gift for a friend .
i just recommend to rinse this well every time you use it .
this is an expensive product ,  but it is high quality ,  effective and lasts .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
the real color was darker than the picture but is cute too .
only takes a few seconds and they work fine  .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
i only know it charges them and works great .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i bought this one for my recreational vehicle .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
plus it is a lot for the price .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i m really surprised their knives can t withstand it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this wireless thermometer lets you cook two different items set for two different temperatures .
i was happy to receive this product ,  since i had been considering buying one for awhile .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
if you ve got money to burn ,  it s probably worth it .
i tested it by sticking it to the windshield ,  without any cleaning or prep ,  and it sticks quite well .
works well ,  especially needed now that i m getting some arthritis in my hands .
i got this to use on my induction cooktop .
this knife is super sharp ,  if you are tempted to feel the edge i recommend that you don t .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
lid is very tight ,  so i have to push it on ,  but it keeps the stuff in .
i was hoping it would be more flexible plastic ,  but it works well .
i recently found a new use for it .
thought it wouldn t hold the phone correctly but it does and allows for charging during long trips .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
love it !  i shunned this turner for a long time .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
the pink isn t too pink but it s still bright .
i got this for my num_num year old .
overpriced though ,  for my opinion ,  but looks and feels good and does what it should .
neat little item but it has a few quirks .
these are great for my cats  wet food .
i still have several in different shapes and sizes .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
i do not know what i was expecting but i am pleased with the purchase .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
i love that this appliance allows you to dial the strength of tea you num_extend
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
looks just like the original htc cable and works perfect .
so this was a good alternative ,  simple usb charging and just one button set up .
was able to put them on without a lot of trouble !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
bought this for our samsung phone ,  but it also works for several lg handsets we use occasionally .
this is a wonderful little mini donut pan .
plus ,  it looks expensive and i found the price at amazon to be really great .
for a softer crust ,  the knife edge is sharp enough for clean cuts .
i just got it so don t know if it ll last ,  but it looks well made and sturdy .
if you want quality you need to pay $ instead of one penny ,  plus a very reasonable shipping price .
i still can t believe what a value this was .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
much better looking than all dial toaster ovens .
i ve somehow chipped one of the small ones ,  though it still works fine .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
i strongly recommend spending the little extra money and getting the anker name ,  the two batteries ,  and the charger .
its more the size of a pen and feels comfortable .
i used it to clean up some roasts and it worked just fine .
these were extremely cheap and the quality is amazing .
overall ,  i would recommend this to anyone that s looking for new headphones .
they bend easily but are very sturdy and have lasted a really long time .
i use it for my htc sensation and the product delivers .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i love fresh garlic but always dreaded  the big peel down  .
one great way to add more fat and calories to an otherwise healthy diet .
someone gifted one to me later so now i use it .
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
i finally found it here at amazon , not only free shipping but buy num_extend get one free deal .
better than the protector i had on my old iphone !  .
i just bought one of these for my folks for christmas .
i ve had one of these for a couple of months and so far ,  so good .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
i will update this review again in a month or so you will know if it still works .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
very handy for your macbook air that does not have an ethernet port .
it is comfortable and does not rub on the ear .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
it s smooth but the texture catches cloth a little .
this one is even better . i used to carry around a spare battery for my phones .
we use this at least once a day .
clean up is so much easier than the grill that i used .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it has a cord ,  so it has plenty of power .
cleaning it can be annoying but it s worth the effort for great coffee .
this allows you to dial a contact number with one touch of the icon .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
got this to replace my wife s apple earbuds .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
got this for my nine year old nephew to use with his ipod .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
i ve only used it once ,  and it works like a charm .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
it uses a max of num_num watts which is pretty good .
while this is functionally excellent ,  it is not especially stylish .
besides ,  i d rather have the longer battery life ,  then the slimmer profile . as for battery life ,  it is really good .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
i ve got two sets delivered today ,  and was very pleasantly surprised ,  when i took them out of boxes .
nice that you can use only the amount you need .
having the ability to turn the speakers up so loud during phone calls is priceless ,  too .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
the lid is nice and secure ,  but still possible to open .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
buy these if you are looking for good quality ,  good value replacement batteries for htc devices that they fit .
works well with my samsung galaxy num_extend as well as iphone and other cellphones .
they are both are of same guage ,  high quality steel with similiar handles ,  size and weight .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
i can t believe i got it for under $
a pair of decent headphones better than the ones at walmart for the same price .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
hard to find ,  but well worth the $ has great prices .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
for the price of this case you really can t complaign .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
the low price makes this a great value .
really cant say enough good things about the otter box .
this is a good product ,  non bleached filters .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
there isn t much to say other than this product works great .
these are great headphones ,  but they take a little getting use to  my first pair of bluetooth headphones  .
so i got this timer ,  it does the job .
it has a nice ,  slightly rubbery feel to it .
it works very well for small pots but larger pots don t always heat evenly .
this one got great reviews ,  though i was hesitant to buy online .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
unlike some other headsets i have had ,  this one includes different fittings for maximum comfort .
i just got this in the mail a couple days ago .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
that was a great feature of the num_extend
i found the product to be great for the price .
as most reviewers have already said these work well .
i gave a try online and i found this .
the num_extend works well with my ipad  wifi  ,  iphone num_num and ipod touch .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
these come in very handy as the item we replaced was bulky and in the way .
of course ,  it does take some time to charge ,  but nevertheless ,  it is very useful .
they re still soft enough to provide a good grip without being too tight .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i was ready to move up to a burr grinder and i really like this one .
the mug is great but the lid is difficult to attach .
got this charger to power my raspberry pi .
great glitter cases for such a cheap price .
it s made in china which i don t like at all but it is heirloom quality .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
it is more durable that the old one i had as well .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i primarily use this cuisinart grinder for spices and for that application it works pretty well .
it does a great job on spices also ,  for those of you who have trouble cleaning it .
this popcorn is much better than what most of my friends use ,  the bagged microwaved type .
it looks great ,  especially for such a cheap price .
i was surprised to find a battery as inexpensive as this one that actually held a charge .
i got a replacement shipped to me and it works well .
it was a very nice case for me .
this means it is sharper and holds it s edge longer .
once again i found what i was looking for on amazon .
got a couple of these as stocking stuffers for the kids .
not with this one !  they come out so delicious and perfect .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
fits real good . i have broken them before but my fault .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
i got this in stores for num_num us dollars and it is amazing .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it s worth a few extra pennies to buy something that s going to last much longer .
works great for using when i want to watch netflix unto my tv . i wish the cable was longer .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
got these for my cat to eat from .
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well .
i got this for my phone  htc mytouch  .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
it s worth the few dollars to protect your investment .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
i ve only used it once ,  but it worked very well .
works great with my  galaxy s num_extend num_extend and num_extend and galaxy note num_extend
what a bargain when you consider the price and that you get num_num for that .
the camera is perfectly fine and i use it often .
holds a charge really well ,  and only really need to recharge every other day ,  unless making alot of calls .
all i can say ,  great headset ,  can t even tell it s in your ear .
i bought this as a gift for my mom .
i m not a big toast eater but enjoy an occasional slice every few days with breakfast .
but the cup is so convenient that i will replace it .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
no . i would recommend this product and purchase again .
it arrived quickly and was an awesome price as well .
i love oxo ,  and have a number of their spatulas and spoonulas .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
i recommend this product .  .  . but it was somewhat pricey for its one purpose .
many excellent reviews ,  so i went for it .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
this was a humble coffee maker that made an excellent cup of coffee .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
this is a nice product and also it is made in usa .
it seems a bit flimsy ,  but once mounted it is relatively solid .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
maybe i got a fluke ,  but it is great .
aside from the missing screen protectors ,  i am happy with these items .
the entire thing is so tiny  pleasantly so in fact  ,  it took me by surprise .
i have used this to grind spices as well and it works very nicely for spices too .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
i have tried it once ,  and it seems up to par .
this device is quite simple ,  but of good quality .
they are a little shorter than i d like appearance wise ,  but tasted delicious .
with the slightly smaller than standard size ,  this is a great bargain .
takes a while to get used to ,  but helped my eye strain .
great product except that i wish it could be used for smaller amounts of stuff .
some stencils seem to work better than others .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
it came within a week with free super saving shipping .
i have other norpro products and find them to be good quality and moderately priced .
this took what seemed like forever to arrive ,  but it was well worth the wait .
this is actually the second one of these i ve owned .
the num_extend one is great for most modern phones that exceed the typical num_extend of a standard usb charger .
i would recommend this to anyone that likes to make their own yogurt cheese .
i like many others don t use it for coffee but for spices and it s a champ .
i will buy another when the time comes .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
i was surprised ,  it was inexpensive  approx $ and constructed well .
the finish on it makes it easy to clean .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
granted ,  it s not cheap ,  but again ,  being able to charge two things at once is a great  perk  .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it dispenses a good helping of soap when you push on it .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i used a blackberry device for several years and loved how the battery lasted for days and days .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
great product  !  !  !  ! i m hard on cases so like might need to order more of them .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i wish the volume could be louder at times but it does it s job .
the sound is good ,  nothing wrong with it ,  but you could get the same quality at half the price .
i love that this had two usb charging ports .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
received it on time and if i needed it again i would buy it .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
the portable charger is nice too in case you dont have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
this is a pretty good phone case ,  protects the phone ,  but kind of hard to get to phone quickly .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
a game that has a rich ,  always moving num_extend environment ,  such as glyder ,  previously suffered from slowdown hiccups .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
but its still better than my original battery .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
since it only requires a tablespoon of oil ,  it is a healthy snack . i would buy this again .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
it s far less expensive than bottled and tastes just as good .
i wanted a bag that was well made and was a good size .
this is my second purchase of this wonderful product .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
great product ,  hoever it is too bulkuy and big .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
bought as a gift for my daughter !  it is the one she requested .
great product much bigger then what you expect .
not needed on every recipe but when you have to ad while mixing it really helps .
the price is verry good the same stuff you find in a regular store except cheaper .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
now that we don t ,  we don t use it any more but i d recommend for pet owners .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i think that is about as good as it gets for a review .
the cleaning is very easy to clean . i am going to experiment more on different way of season the chicken .
looks different than what s pictured but works fine .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
i ve had this about a month and use it often .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
additionally ,  this headset works great as a simple pair of headphones should you choose to use in that capacity .
i much prefer it to a metal one .
noise level of fan blower is very quiet at the medium and low range .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i got a good deal when buying num_num packs of this .
other than that ,  it holds my phone comfortably .
excellent customer service !  my rating is now num_num stars .
it does allow for the versatility of using a small wireless unit as source .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
this is the perfect size for crushing those pesky meds too large to swallow .
best of all it is made in usa .
haven t had this product long but so far so good .
the case gets in the way of the feel a little bit but the phone still functions inside it .
highly recommend with one caution :  you have to use it right to get the best results .
i carefully read and followed the instruction manual and recipe .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
this is a handy size for smaller amounts .
i have had no problems and this works well for what i need .  .  . i would buy again .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
i was surprised at how small this little guy is .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
the ivory is very pretty ,  no yellow undertones .
i will buy again when i need it .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
there are fancier slow cookers available but this one has been good for me .
it works well and i d give it num_num stars if it weren t so loud .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
hope this helps those who may be reluctant to try it .
got this for my granddaughter num_extend for christmas .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
the sound is good for such a small product .
i like that it has a push button versus the turn crank .
i d recommend buying them locally and carefully inspecting them to be sure you have ones that are defect free .
it was well packaged without any shipping damage .
the knife is not serrated but it cuts perfectly well .
i bought this as a christmas present for my daughter .
works well ,  had it on for a couple months .
when i started using this i realized i got more than my moneys worth for it .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
its very pretty but it gets dirty really easy and its realllly hard to clean .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this one is so affordable even if it breaks ,  i wouldn t mind much .
blows out powerful cool air for such a small fan .
the cord is capable of both charging and data transfer from my pc .
you will enjoy the purchase if you have an num_extend
i knew this bumper wouldn t protect anything but it looks good though lol .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it has a nice feel to it  not sticky or rubbery  .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
allows for making healthy alternatives to what is found in the freezer at the grocers .
it is not as fast as the original and sometimes stops charging at % but it works well .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
i bought this great little vac to replace my broken eureka quickup ,  and wow ,  what a difference .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
i think a smaller one would work well .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
the cover also has a nice  rubberized  feel to it .
will continue to get this one in the future .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
i was worried about size and heft but this is a very light machine despite its metallic looks .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
holds your phone securely with a case as well as without .
i bought a num_num cup as well which works well when you need to make a larger amount .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
although i hardly used it ,  it is nice and heavy .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
works great ,  i ve been using this for over a month and have not had any problems with it .
for the money ,  it is a much better value than the kitchenaid or cuisineart devices .
this is a great product but a little large for a normal cookie .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
our son loves scooby doo and was so excited to get this .
i am surprised at the quality for the price .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
the sound quality is far better and louder than motorola bluetooth i used before .
i must agree with all of the other reviewers in that this bowl is awesome .
i ve tried other flavors ,  mostly teriyaki ,  and it just doesn t come close to how good this stuff is !  .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
it has a magnetic clasp that secures the phone over the top .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
i purchased this as a gift for someone .
i ve bought several of these over the years .
the cover is a nice quality ,  soft leather that just feels good in your hand .
i will update this review again in a month or so you will know if it still works .
this one caught my eye because it s different than the other ones found in various stores .
mines lasted a year so its been worth the investment  cost me $ at the time  .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
not the greatest on the planet ,  but this blender does its job .
i got this reasonably priced signal booster for car and for home as well .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
this is a nice container ,  but i had expected something a bit larger .
having really fresh ground beef makes a difference in your burgers and meat loaf .
these were extremely cheap and the quality is amazing .
i moved the star rating to num_num stars since it s very nice and easy to use .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
price is reasonable and acceptable for a vacuum !  .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
i had a camera on my old phone ,  but the difference in pixels is extraordinary .
the suction cups are not great ,  but they are functional and do their job .
i still haven t found a phone with a camera that s worth using .
just what we needed for our vacuum cleaner .
i had their original model and now they ve improved it .
moves a lot of air for a small fan .
i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  so i don t know about durability ,  but so far so good .
the size is great for num_num or num_num people .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
the waffle iron works well .  .  . only complaint ,  i would like the waffle to be thicker .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
i got this to replace one of the collapsible kind .
the blades are extremely sharp ,  so sharp that i almost over chop my food .
my knife is now almost num_num years old and is as nice today as when i bought it .
palm was nice enough to send me a brand new replacement and its now working correctly .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it will keep it from rusting and allow for years of use .
this is better than all those rubber cases .
this ladle holds num_num oz ,  so it s nice and big .
makes me feel like i have a new phone every time i switch .
i stumbled across this on amazon and decided to give it a try .
if you want a really good product ,  here it is . this ladle is made in china .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
crispy on the outside ,  juicy on the inside .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
for the price i paid it works fine .
the sound quality is still fine  i made a test call to my home answering machine  .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
this was purchased for an htc evo num_extend and i liked it because it s namebrand .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i loved this product so much that i am actually going to order more for gifts .
however ,  do note that this style of headset with its mic positioning may present a challenge . happy listening !  .
i did have an extension  usb on each end  ,  that makes it practical . best use .
it s light weight ,  yet sturdy enough to not have to worry about it toppling over .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
i mainly use it to zest citrus peel ,  but it works well for fresh ginger ,  garlic ,  hard cheeses too .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
works better than some of the more expensive cases .
soups and stews were a cinch; everything came out well .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
the price was right so i bought two sets .
this price seems pretty high to me but i do like mine .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i just bought some of those adhesive rubber things and all is good .
the few extra bucks that this product costs compared to the menotek and other brands are worth it .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
why buy a cool looking iphone and put on a clunky case ?  this looks and feels great .
this is especially handy when you re away from an electrical source to charge your device .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
it is a little bulky but it is worth it .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
this costs a little more than most but it is better quality by far .
sound is good and it is small and light weight .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
it keeps it hot so you can wait a few minutes before pouring it .
for $ they have a cheap plasticy feeling but they re comfortable enough for me especially for the price .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
while it looks nice in the picture ,  it definitely looks much better in person .
this item is much better than the one i got with my phone .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
i suppose the cold weather helped with this .  happy baking  !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
the price is a little much but i guess it s worth it .
i ve had this for a couple of months and it s awesome .
it s a bit thin ,  but fits well and has a nice texture and color .
it takes a bit of practice and in the beginning sometimes it turns out better than other times .
it is not as compact as most other headset ,  but very comfortable to wear .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
for those times when the smartphone just will not last an entire day ,  this product helps me out .
very effective blade that cuts bread like it was butter .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
i decided to try this one out since the price was right .
works great but really difficult to clean after you are done .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
they separate to wash so you can get them really clean .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it s definitely worth it ,  i think i paid $ plus $ shipping .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
this is a plus for the most num_extend
i have a set of pots with colander lids and this fits right in .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
the best part is it was only like $
it is larger in person than it looks in photos .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
this is a great charger ,  the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
the font on the screen is also large .
wonderful !  !  !  if mine ever breaks ,  i ll be getting another one .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the pink isn t too pink but it s still bright .
a reasonable solution for small spaces in a small car .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
works well ,  had it on for a couple months .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
so good that i placed a second order for num_num more .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
megapixels don t mean everything but this num_extend camera is spectacular .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i have two sets and love these bowls .
it makes good coffee but i don t like the look of the plastic exterior although it is less breakable .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
what i love about it is that it gets very hot and it does not automatically shut itself off .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
worth paying a few extra bucks i would think .
bought it for a friend to activate her new phone .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
so good for me who gets pretty hot without air conditioning .
i found this on amazon at a much better price than i could in the store .
this is really cheap and good quality screen protectors .
these work fairly well but will get warm if you put them on a hot pan .
i have had both hot and cool mist humidifiers but i prefer the hot mist .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i would recommend this extended battery over the standard battery .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
this is the best cutting board i have ever owned .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
amazon . com had it at a good price and the reviews were mostly good so i bought one .
can t do that so good with this kind of can opener .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
i will buy again when i run out ,  can t beat the price .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
this one works just as well as the one i replaced .
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
the sound quality has either improved or it has grown on me .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
i also tried hard boiled eggs in it ,  worked great .
i hope it will last a couple of years  :   .
i was surprised at how sturdy and heavy it was .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
they are sturdy and strong but can be a little difficult in putting together .
i wouldn t say this is the best adapter you can buy .
this is good for infrequent use and small batches .
it s not exactly the same color as the picture but still a good case nonetheless .
i then read the instructions   !   and it works great .
the plastic seems to be holding rubber firmly in place while in contrast the rubber is great for gripping .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
my primary use is making smoothies and this blender gets the job done .
take a little getting use to but now it is fine .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
has a spout and a handle for easier pouring .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
i use it most often for zucchini noodles but it works well on carrots ,  jicama ,  and cucumbers as well .
i prefer them stacked in a drawer so i can simply reach in and grab the one i want .
they are easy to hold and i have used them for single servings of pasta ,  rice ,  etc .
i v e had many vacuums over the years ,  but this is my favorite .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i look forward to using it in the future .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
the physical size is a tiny bit bigger then an apple one so keep that in mind .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
better quality than the similar style one that this replaced; since it s oxo ,  expect it to last for awhile .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
you can t beat that !  i will be ordering a new one .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the reviews on this were a little mixed ,  but i took a shot . it was a good bet .
the led flashlight was bright and worked well .
this brand makes their products safely ,  so i decided to switch .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
i ordered this for my nightstand and it works well with my droid bionic with the case on it .
it has a very strong belt clip ,  in addition to the belt loops .
has a waxy coating for a nice finish .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
they re not the sturdiest cookie cutters ever ,  but for the price they are more than a fair value .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
i got a good for this from $
the shape of the glass makes a difference ,  too .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
it is quite large even for a normal fridge .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i purchased it with another brand extended battery and also fitted .
it fits in my drawer with room to spare to the side .
the product arrived as described ,  i was very pleased with my purchase from amazon .
very light weight and easy to put on .
its good for alot of things has num_num functions .
i am satisfied with this less expensive earbuds .
actually better than the original that came with my phone .
has the superior num_extend nonstick coating compared to the cheaper lrs coating on the professional line .
used it when it came and using more than the large . excellent little cooker .
i just wipe it with a damp cloth and good as new .
finding a way to use the long arms to hold the actual phone can also be a challenge .
this is great for the iphone num_extend you do not put so much as a bumper on the phone .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
great purchase ,  i bought another one just to have on hand .
i love this waffle maker but it is a pain in the neck to clean .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
i was surprised that it actually looked better and is smaller than i expected .
wonderful !  !  !  if mine ever breaks ,  i ll be getting another one .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
this is what real fruit juice looks like .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
it s also easy to clean and store in a plastic bag etc .
the quality and was better than i expected .
works the same as the older ones ,  easy to sync and charge with included microusb cable .
it s surprising what can fit in this small oven .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
i got this to replace my old one .
it s nice since you get a lot more coffee flavor than using regular brewed coffee .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
given the opportunity to review this device ,  i can honestly say i was impressed .
i like it but its not the best !  .
the first one worked great in my other car so i ordered a second one .
works great on those large cans that the electric opener just can t quite handle .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
other than that ,  it is a nice case .
great find for me ,  as the original bowl for my food processor broke .
that was not the color i wanted ,  but it was okay ,  it was still a good deal .
it worked out nice ,  since i only wanted num_extend
i brought it back and got a replacement .
they retain heat better than my previous pan .
once you put it together that s it ,  so i figured using a glue will definitely help .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
i use this spinner to get that water off and it does the trick .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i needed an extra cable just to have and this works perfect .
the entire dock is unobtrussive ,  yet stylish ,  though with anything but the ipad ,  it looks a little funny .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
it doesnt add too much bulk ,  but still protects my ipod to the max .
got this to replace my worn out model .
last week i spotted a great deal for htc evo num_extend for one cent plus free activation .
they re a very tasty cookie with anise extract in them .
admittedly the pump isn t super powerful ,  but for less than $ it does a great job .
best phone cover i ve used with the mytouch num_extend
have had another set of these and they lasted very well ,  now i have num_num sets .
this pen is actually a pen ,  and a nice pen at that .
sound quality is good enough for me ,  though the bass can be better .
it made in china but it worth of money .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
thank goodness it still works ,  but wish it was waterproof .
i found this protector quite easy to install compared with other adhesive screen protectors .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i liked it the case was hard putting on .
still works well ,  but not as good as it did when the antenna was outside .
it does take some getting used too ,  but after a few days of use it works great .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
makes one or less quart of good yogurt .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
so much better than the small one that broke .
i also upgraded to dunkin donuts coffee products .
it worked the best !  i had my first one for over a year with no sound issues .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
i would love to see this item upgraded and offered in a stainless steel version .
the quality is consistent with other oxo products i have .
i love the phone ,  but can t do the bluetooth yet .
washed it a couple of times and came out great .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the sound was never quite perfect on them ,  but cutting the cord made it worthwhile .
you get what you see !  nice quality ,  perfect for switching out cases for your phone .
the headphones are a bit heavy to run with ,  but for relaxing around the house they are great .
it helps me limit the amount of coffee i drink a day .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
it isnamgood concept and design ,  but the usb connector was a bit flay after a few months .
i actually like it better than their most expensive one that has adjustable blades .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i had this product many years ago and loved it .
it is by far my favorite of the many brands i have tried .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
what a difference !  this fan moves much more air with a fraction of the noise .
thanks to amazon and customer reviews this caught my attention .
it s very light and sometimes i forget that i m wearing it .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
my wife hates it for that very reason ,  but i love it .
plastic that covering the screen very easy to scratch .
this was a great starter pot for my first venture into water bath canning .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i got a speck cover from amazon for my num_extend generation ipod touch and i loved it .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
and most important ,  unlike other knives i ve used ,  it actually cuts food !  .
they sound great for inexpensive earbuds and fit well .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i have to use the smallest earpieces provided ,  but it stays on pretty well .
this is a fun cuisinart at a toy price .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
i have only owned it for a week or so but have had some good usage from it already .
when cooked ,  the end result looks a bit watery until i stir it ,  but that s actually perfect .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
i use one earbud when i m on a call and it sounds great  i can use num_extend
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
i got this to replace one of the collapsible kind .
this case was significantly more expensive but totally worth it .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
i ve bought many of these and they last quite a bit .
i hope to keep it for a long time .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
works easily and has great sound ,  but can be a little cumbersome and uncomfortable with long use .
this thing is awesome !  once you figure out how to use it that is .
that is ,  until i found this popcorn popper .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
they are very sturdy and have shown no sign of rusting whatsoever .
it fits perfect and snug; a little too snug in my opinion  it s not the easiest to remove  .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
other than that i would recommend this product .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i ve more done seeds like fennel and cumin and it works great when properly used .
a regular charger wouldn t even work on charging my kindle fire hd ,  but this one works .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
i am using it with slippers and it just perfect .
i can definitely charge both my ipad and ipod at the same time .
they actually work better than the one i paid $ for .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
this has got to be the most amazing screen protector i ve used .
i have only used the charger once to test it and it worked well and fairly quickly .
easy to set and can charge an additional battery  which i don t use .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
battery life so far is amazing . my original pair lasted about num_num months with fairly heavy daily use .
i m partial to myshure num_extend but these were surprisingly good just as headphones at this price .
will buy again if ever i need more .
sounds good ,  and i haven t had any complaints from folks on the other end .
cleans up very nice in the dish washer which we were not sure of at first .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
you just have to keep spritzing until it is the right amount .
especially when you use the phone for a while and it heats up .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
a little lighter weight than a set i bought about ten years ago ,  but these are fine .
as i love stong ,  tasty tea ,  i started by using one lipton iced tea gallon size tea bag .
i got this to replace my old one .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
very affordable which is perfect since i lost out the previous phone i had which was stolen .
the clip is large and plastic ,  it accommodates a very large belt and is relatively flexible .
unlike some other headsets i have had ,  this one includes different fittings for maximum comfort .
i really like these headphones for use with my ipad .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it s up on a shelf and it does what it s supposed to do .
i did think it was a little darker but it s fine .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i was surprised at how small this little guy is .
it makes a great cup of coffee for those of us who only drink one cup at a time .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
very versatile and i was using it in multiple vehicles .
i prefer to be able to turn of the led lights especially when i m charging .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
i just use the regular coffee but its still good .
it s only been a week ,  so i hope it lasts a good while .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
believe me ,  it s worth it !  !  this machine is pretty decent ,  i have not had many problems with it .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
a very versatile little device ,  letting you count up or down from seconds to hours .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
this looks just like the old one but is better .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the stainless steel is sturdy and won t break like plastic versions .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this is what i needed for everyday cooking .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
it is water resistant so you can run under the faucet to clean .
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
i got a good for this from $
it also blocks out background noise as well .
i have been using this for num_num months now and its really good .
it worked perfectly fine for the htc evo num_extend
i wish i got it sooner for its convenience .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
my knife skills have improved greatly since i started using this knife .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
fortunately ,  i did not need to adjust mine and it mixes well .
i just wanted a red toaster ,  but instead i got something that does a lot more .
i bought this a while ago and had to write a review because of how much i loved it .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i happened to see this one on sale in a department store so i went ahead and got it .
got this to replace my worn out model .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i buy a lot of things through amazon and i have always got good service .
this is a great alternative to purchasing an oem replacement battery .
so much better than the store bought healthy stuff with as much sugar as a soda .
definitely not as good as oem ,  but it is functional .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
this is the first device that i m happy with that isn t rooted and modded .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
i ve had this for about a month now and so far so good .
my phone is a batthery hog !  so this charger comes in handy .
it is marvelous for stirring hot food that tends to stick to the bottom of a pan .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
the button also works as call answer on some phones .
very flexible ,  but strong neck allows positioning to suit your needs .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
the best part  you won t even notice its there  .
the protector works nice on the sun light .
not as i expected ,  but it work nice .
i got the pro hd as a replacement this time .
it didn t fit perfectly  a little loose  in my older hoover bagless upright  backup vacuum  ,  but it works fine .
not the sharpest ,  but sharp enough that a good steel will keep it useful for quite a while .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
i got this lid to use it for my pan .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
i wish the picture was accurate ,  but it was a nice surprise .
i could use theoilandflavorings . that i d come to enjoy with the stove top popper .
i only have use of one hand so this mixer is fantastic for me .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
which is great because i don t use it all the time .
nothing has melted off of it and the whistle works just fine .
as you might guess ,  i buy a lot of stuff through amazon !  very convenient .
this is usable ,  but not perfect for me .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
pro :  gives knives a nice sharp edge without creating a large bevel .
i have had it for maybe six months and it is great .
it provides a decent amount of settings  mine vary from num_num to num_extend and delivers a consistent grind .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
these glasses don t come across as high quality ,  but on the other hand ,  they are great for the price .
was concerned that handle might not be strongenough ,  but it is very sturdy .
its veryslim and i have a small hand ,  so it was easy for me to handle .
it came on time and it is worth the money .
best of all ,  it s made in the usa .
i needed a new kit that had all the parts !  this is a great kit .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
however ,  was pleasantly surprised when i received it .
this is for use with the excellent callpod charging system .
these are very good iphone screen protectors ,  and i settled on these after a lot of bad tries .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
these will last as long as i need them .
it s a must have product if you own a blackberry .
some have complained about rust but so far so good .
if you live in a weak signal area and get dropped calls often ,  it s well worth a try .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
you also can use them to mix in ingredients .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
it doesn t get too hot so it is easy to handle without an overmitt .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
keeps it small ,  and allows bluetooth to be used by phone .
i highly recommend ! update :  after num_num months the cord i used every night to charge my phone quit working .
i find these a necessary item for the foodsaver owner .
one time i got a cheaper brand and i can tell the difference right away .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
i m an average cook and enjoy having decent tools around the kitchen .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
i have an iphone num_num and this works great .
it is well made and considerably cheap when you consider how much other phone covers costs .
i purchased a new unit ,  brought it home ,  and opened the box .
as for the instructions ,  they are sparse but it s easy to use .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
if you have a samsung focus its a great idea to protect the screen .
i like how small and light weight it is .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
plus it was very inexpensive which also makes it a great deal !  .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i have to use the smallest earpieces provided ,  but it stays on pretty well .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
both my partner and i purchased this product for our new htc evo s and are very very satisfied .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
it has a num_extend output on both usb ports  again ,  that actually work at the same time !   .
worth the cost !  appears to be oem packaging .
its very powerful ,  but filter needs cleaned very often .
it takes a good amount of pressure to squeeze the handles to work effectively .
it puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much .
i use this with my htc evo num_extend phone and it works pretty well .
the best part is it was only like $
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it s a great tool to wash sinks ,  faucets and areas surrounding the sink  which are hard to clean  .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
we bought it locally so if we needed to return it we could very easily .
this product is made sturdy enough to last .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i got these as a gift for my nieces .
i got this one for a good deal with the free shipping .
and yes ,  it s best if you rinse everything out after each use .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it is not a replacement but its a good subsitute .
i used olive oil and it was fantastic !  .
was skeptical this could work for that ,  but it works great .
i ll have to use it more to see if it s really a great product .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this item is actually bigger than i expected .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
this is a nice case that fits an iphone num_extend
i have another one that is num_num times that old that needs a few parts but it still works .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
they are plastic ,  but seem solid and well made .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
it is a little more pricey but i feel it will last years to come .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
and to top it off it comes with a holster .
this is a better coffeemaker than i thought i would get .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
they are nice and seem to do the trick .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
comes with extra sizes also to help it fit better .
first one is still good and has lasted num_num years .
however ,  it heats up decently fast ,  and has an automatic shut off and works really nice .
i want to eat better and live happy + healthy .
sure ,  it s no health food ,  but it is nice for a change of pace once in a while .
i took off one star for no volume rockers ,  everything else is good .
it s good ,  and i like ,  just be careful of the last bit ,  it will have some coffee grounds .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i would like to have had something more whimsical but apron gets the job done .
mine is the hot pink and i d say the color is pretty accurate to what is shown here .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i also tried this out on my cell phone and it does fine .
it s easy to use ,  easy to clean and there are no grounds in his coffee .
it works well for me as i do not put real heavy items on it .
i purchased it with another brand extended battery and also fitted .
it comes with different types of earplugs to suit your needs .
i found that to be a bit awkward at times ,  but i like it .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
ordered this kit .  .  .  . and promptly found my icon the day the earbuds arrived .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
i liked this case a lot and still do but it doesn t fit my new phone .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
it probably doesn t perform any better than other brands ,  but does look nice though .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
wrote into otterbox and they are sending me a new one !  great company !  .
it was hard to pay so much $ but in the end i am very happy with my purchase .
the handle looks cheap in the photo but it feels like very good quality in person .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
nice to sanitize things also ,  i am allergic to dust ,  so this is a boon for me .
made to fit almost makes this worth the price .
if you like the kind of waffles i described ,  you ll love this waffle maker .
i encourage you to read all the other reviews for more detail about this quality product .
it s a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
one of these will probably last longer than my headset ,  but that is good .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i mostly have dust and dust bunnies on the floor and the vac works well on those .
i m fairly satisfied with this product ,  though i should have reviewed more products before purchasing .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
it does its job and helps when my battery runs out !  .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
it is small enough to carry in your pocket .
great deal . if these last me even a few months ,  they ll have been worth it .
i like to give it a thorough cleaning every now and then too .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it helps my phone from cracking when it falls .
i like it and it isn t too tall .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
i ordered this and sent to friends as a gift .
i found that to be a bit awkward at times ,  but i like it .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
still ,  i am giving it num_num stars ,  because when it works it works very well .
the case has received excellent reviews and so far ,  i can see why .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
bought this as a gift for a wine lover .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
the gold color accents on the side add a little touch .
it was much larger than expected and very weighty .  .  . sure it will get the job done right !  .
i also like to use them at work and can pair with my pc or phone via bluetooth .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i made cookies with it and they came out great .
another nice touch is the voice that says  power off  or  power on  rather than just a beep .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
i ve had this for about a month now and so far so good .
it fits this device best with a case encasing the phone but works ok without it .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
it appears to be a genuine lg battery ,  held it s charge well .
much better than the plastic one i had before .
i found this one with many great reviews .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
compared to more expensive one this is worth the buy .
i am not usually a fan of single function appliances ,  but this one is worth it .
non of the num_extend series headset had this nice feature .
it almost looks like a toy ,  it is so cute .
this is expensive but i think it will last a lifetime .
it s difficult to move around becuase of it s weight ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
when you have a fresh bag you can seal it about an inch or less from the top .
the strap seems sturdy and meets my needs .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
it s frigging annoying ,  but again ,  still worth it  .
i ve had no issue with mine and have been happy to use it almost daily .
sometimes this becomes very important if an emergency develops .
huge improvement over the heavy generic glasses i was using .
i have had no problems and this works well for what i need .  .  . i would buy again .
i can t believe this inexpensive knife is so sharp .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
it is not the most beautiful looking thing but it serves me well !  .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
good deal for the price i payed for it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
much better than the other indoor grill i own .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
i think a smaller one would work well .
i was really impressed that my turkey had finished so quickly .
i also read some good reviews on it .
other than that it is a great machine that should last for years .
i recently received mine and have used it two times already .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
so far ,  though ,  so good . i ve been losing some weight and i want to keep that up .
it was a very nice case for me .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
it hold a charge ,  doesn t take too long to charge and works well .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i carefully read and followed the instruction manual and recipe .
it gives me an extra hour of battery life .
its great deal for the price and replace my original phone usb cable .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
works well with no fan and does not get too hot .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i have other norpro products and find them to be good quality and moderately priced .
i ve used skinomi brand for different devices ,  like nook color ,  ipad ,  iphone ,  and samsung num_extend and it s great .
both of our oem supplied batteries went down and these are fantastic replacement .
other then that its good for the price .
sound quality was excellent ,  surprisingly despite some reviews .
the call button on the end is easy to access and works without dislodging the earpiece .
but even though i no longer listen to music on a mobile phone ,  i still love using these headphones .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i ve tried a few different types of things to seal wine ,  but this one takes the cake .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
now my great review is not so amazing .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i got it at amazon for a whopping $
the foam is not as long lasting as i would like ,  but it is really just fine .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
this item is great and much cheaper than buying it at best buy .
i saw it got some good reviews so i thought i would give it a shot .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
this is a must if like me you dislike using those bluetooth earpieces .
but amazon is so great with the return process that it wasn t a big deal .
i ve had the mixer for a year and a half now and so far so good .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
despite that ,  it is still a good purchase .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it s a little big for cereal  maybe not for some people  ,  but it s great for chili and soup .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
i ve had a set of these for about num_num years now and they still look like new .
well the anti glare allows me to use it outside without the glare and with my dark sunglasses on .
it seems i was always talking too soon or too late . all in all ,  a great headset for the $
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
at first the case is a little tough but softens up and molds to the case a little better .
the charger is useful because i can charge the battery and the phone at the same time .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
perfect for your earbuds ,  protects from wires getting angled and the earbuds pulling off the ear piece .
gave it to myself for a christmas present .
i like having a place for my lid when it s still wet from the moisture of cooking .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
it is durable ,  easy to clean and convenient .
the intense flavor and the creamy texture was just sublime .
i do not know what i was expecting but i am pleased with the purchase .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
now that we don t ,  we don t use it any more but i d recommend for pet owners .
we have used this brand for years and like the quality .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
my friends say it hurts their eyes but i like it .
i was worried about size and heft but this is a very light machine despite its metallic looks .
also ,  it is necessary to clean the items after frothing; a very simple and quick process .
unfortunately things get broken and this was the perfect replacement .
i sent back the first set and in two days received my next set in perfect condition .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
it still works smoothly ,  although it has minor rusting .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
haven t used this much yet but ,  the few times i have i ve loved it .
it fits perfect and snug; a little too snug in my opinion  it s not the easiest to remove  .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
i ve bought several of these over the years .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
thank you for a wonderful product ! i am updating my previous review .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
verizon wanted almost $ dollars for this battery i got it for under $ and it is new .
it is made of glass ,  but is tempered to stand up to heat .
it didn t get heavy use ,  but certainly i feel that i got my money s worth .
i seasoned this pan the day after i got it with bacon grease and all was well .
now i can enjoy a single glass and drink the rest later .
i had read about the charging capacity and should have expected a quick recharge but it still surprised me .
i got this pair to replace my bluefox headphones .
i will say that my own experience has been positive .
it also allows one to keep the whole hand from covering the screen when moving around .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i like the fact that i can make these healthier than the ones i buy that are deep fried .
i ve owned this waffle maker for going on num_num years now and it is great .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
this item is great and much cheaper than buying it at best buy .
i was pleased to find out that i could buy one here at amazon .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
the hardware is nice ,  great screen and good functional buttons across the bottom .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
had been using other brands .  .  . this is the best kind .  .  . does not leak or is messy .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i like that they can handle various temperatures .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
this helps voice recognition a lot ,  and i ve been doing things this way for voice command for num_extend
looks great and only adds a little weight and size to my num_extend
much better than the handheld sharpeners that i used .
the handle is a classic shape ,  meant to have only your fingers around it .
this cover helps you not to do that .
no hanging ,  moving parts to break ,  and it s extremely quick and easy and secure .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
i d give it a try and see if it works for you .
these bags are better quality than the longer ones i purchased from a different source .
mine suffered a small melt at contact point on iron skillet ,  but still funcitions great .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
it cleans up fairly well but takes a bit of scrubbing .
i think that for the price they are a great deal .
i used this product daily and it really is great .
i love to make microwave popcorn in my air popper .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i think that will be more attractive and more durable .
i really liked these nice looking and well working spoons until they rusted after the first wash .
for many things this works better than my blender .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
hey it was my mistake ,  i m happy with it .
i found it very helpful to have already purchased a good coffee grinder so i could adjust the coarseness .
i also use it for softening up fondant .
back side of the case is very dingy looking and yellowish . if you want a simple protective case it s good .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i keep it oiled and use it often .
i found them on amazon at a more reasonable price .
i only hope it holds up and i can continue to use it for years to come .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
i purchased the num_extend about a week ago and i m impressed with this little device .
the screen protectors work really well and they can be kinda hard to put on but take your time .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
it is such a great piece of equipment ,  i purchased one for myself .
num_num stars for the combination of product and the excellent customer service that comes with it .
but i liked them so much that i wanted a new pair .
i didn t use it long because i switched phone styles ,  but it was great while i had it .
i can t say that i am % satisfied with the feel of it; it tends to grab a bit .
this is a must if like me you dislike using those bluetooth earpieces .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
i was slightly concerned about the size ,  but they are a perfect fit .
the amount of dirt it traps is amazing .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
the price is reasonable for what you re getting .
great value since we don t like headphones that we have to plug into out ears .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
just the right color and style that i wanted .
however i plugged in a usb mouse and that worked very nicely .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
for the material this item is made of ,  it was worth the price .
i also have my own very practical stainless that goes in the dishwasher .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
it still sounds decent ,  just not as good .
it is a bigger size which is exactly what i needed .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
just pop  em in the dishwasher and they re clean !  .
finally ,  i ordered this from amazon and am so happy to have it .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
i got this for my droid incredible cell phone .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
kind of expensive but i guess it s worth it .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
worth the few extra dollars compared to less expensive ones .
this is usable ,  but not perfect for me .
it has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically .
would of loved it if it had come with a mounting bracket .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
i picked this item up at a local store .
it did a good job on carpet ,  removing lots of dirt and even set in stains .
but the one cup it makes is lovely .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
my battery did not charge no more ,  i ordered this one and works perfectly fine .
it is big enough .  .  . and yet not too heavy .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
it came with its original box and accessories .
i was presently surprised that it fit makny different size cans .
on that occasion when i am out of filters this comes in handy .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
it s also about $ with free shipping included .
the handle helps me to hold it if needs be .
better than the one that came with my phone .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
its responsive and has nice built in feature for email contacts .
this is a perfect replacement battery for my samsung galaxy note num_extend
a great product even though made in china .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
perfect for when i occasionally run low on the phone ,  and need a charge .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
screen protectors is a must have ,  especially on a phone with an exposed display .
i tried some of the recipes by hand first ,  and they were delicious .
i would have been ok paying $  or even higher  for these and still be satisfied with the quality .
overall it seems a good product ,  at least for the hopefully occasional use i will need it for .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
as it stands ,  i ll keep it ,  and i do recommend it .
the product is great for use in pans that do not have a teflon type coating .
the inside pot has cool handles to lift out num_extend
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
i ve had it a month and it has become the mainstay of my stovetop .
this is great !  i should have bought one of these years ago .
other than that ,  it makes popcorn pretty well .
the tank arrangement on the hoover is so much better than the bissel that i owned previously .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
and this thing holds heat like a beast .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i love that the bristles are removable and can separately be replaced .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
made for the iphone num_num  not num_extend but it works on my num_extend just fine .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
helps keep the phone clear and from any scratches .
i can use it for other things as well .
this is bigger ,  and a lot thicker ,  much more substantial .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
i considered not using one until i found this one .
i was surprised to find that i was impressed .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
they also will melt if you expose them to high heat .
their size makes them more difficult to stack in the dishwasher ,  but they clean well .
reset itself when it cooled down ,  nice safety feature .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
keeps your phone from slipping out of your hand and provides protection from the screen hitting the ground .
i bought this as a gift for my daughter .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
if it sounds hard or like a lot of work ,  it isn t; it s actually quite easy .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i paid num_extend for mine and thought that was good .
the rubber part is smooth unlike other ones ive purchased elsewhere .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
i have not used loose tea yet ,  only tea bags but still it makes a nice pot .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
even though it s only num_extend amps ,  it works just fine  with an extension cable even  on my galaxy nexus .
now i use it at least once a week .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
they work great and i purchased num_num pairs .
the color is nice ,  not as bright turquoise as the picture .
i would definitely consider buying this product if i needed to .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it is very solid and will most likely be the last one i buy .
best way to go is barkeeper s friend ,  about $ at your local supermarket ,  or cameo stainless steel cleaner .
they seem a little bit flimsy but work well .
connectors are well designed to resist pinching and early failure of the cord .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
plus it is a lot for the price .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
the locking mechanism is a wonderful addition to keep closed when not in use .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it has rubberized handles and very sharp blades .
i got this to replace my original battery .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i think this will be much better overall .
i ve bought two of these in the last couple of years .
the num_extend megapixel camera is pretty useful with it s zoom and flash abilities .
it was fully charged in about num_num hours and it holds an amazing amount of charge .
very satisfied with these but the price went up shortly after i got mine .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
good simple screen protector for not a lot of money .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
these are large ,  heavy and solid like most oxo well built .
i got this lid to use it for my pan .
my only regret is that i didn t buy this long ,  long ago !  happy sealing  :   .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it feels sturdy and when not in use folds down to a small size .
these replacement filters fit my air cleaner and work just fine .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the number of each and sizing was just what i needed .
i got this for my phone  htc mytouch  .
the base has just enough weight to allow them to be sturdy without being obtrusive .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
they are beautiful cookies and tasty and versatile .
lite soap and water is good and i dry it asap .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
certainly helps with not freaking the dogs out .
the pump mechanism works very well without the need to press very hard or often .
and thorough cleaning is important since you can t look through the carafe as you can with a glass carafe .
it s a good size ,  but not too big .
but in my opinion ,  it s a pain without feet on it ,  and i recommend them too .
this works fine on an occasional basis if needed .
i only wish i had these years ago !  they are not to flimsy they are perfect .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it stick well and protects your screen but the material makes a sound eachbtime you scroll .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
these are some beautiful looking ,  and feeling headphones .
i am able to fit pairs of heals or sneakers in each compartment .
the hose on this unit is extremely flexible and extends to several feet .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the cord is a little short but this thing definitely does the job .
not real wild about either ,  but they work .
i m partial to myshure num_extend but these were surprisingly good just as headphones at this price .
the fit is good ,  though i m not used to a bluetooth headset going in your ear .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
it s a bit tough to open ,  but it works .
make sure you get a nice screen protector too .
i will buy again to protect my phone .
this handy dish is a necessity in the kitchen .
the stickers that come with it can be used to keep it in and smooth on top .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i wouldn t say this is the best adapter you can buy .
i have had no problems and this works well for what i need .  .  . i would buy again .
was concerned that handle might not be strongenough ,  but it is very sturdy .
i grilled some meat on this ,  and it turned out really great .
the coffee tastes good . its small enough to be put out of the way when not being used .
i like that; i prefer lattes over cappuccinos .
that s to say that it s great for casual use ,  which is pretty much what the clipper is for .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
we discovered this type of product several years ago .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
it is larger than i anticipated but a good size .
i m partial to myshure num_extend but these were surprisingly good just as headphones at this price .
i love bright colors and the bright yellow automatically caught my eye .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
great if you keep it in your purse instead of jeans !  .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i think this will last for a while .
i ve always had good experiences ordering from amazon . com .
shoots out to samsung for a great product .
i got this pair to replace my bluefox headphones .
i got it in a deal for $
it was firm but not hard and full of flavor .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
honestly ,  this thing is so cute and small .
it is noticeably better than the old style i have used for years .
got them to replace a rusty old metal pair ,  and now want to buy two more !  .
my friends say it hurts their eyes but i like it .
the nonstick surface meant it cleaned up very easily .
i have used similar items like these in the past and they work good .
i was surprised when i opened the package and saw how big this knife is .
good sturdy construction with a metal inside not the cheap plastic .
i use coconut oil to keep it seasoned .
i ve been using it for several months and it s still working .
you have good heat controls and i do not burn things .
also ,  great price .  .  .  . you d expect to pay $ for something similar inside the store .
the blue is a little darker then the picture but it s a nice blue color .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
better than the one that came with my phone .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
i love this device and was sad when motorola discontinued it .
it is good for multiple devices where a single device power case will not work .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
none . all in all ,  a wonderful phone for about a num_num bucks or so .
a great product even though made in china .
i ve had this for over a week and i must say that it works very well .
we ve had it for num_num months and it works like new .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
an added plus is the corelle brand quality .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
the quality of the leather inside and out is nice with a slight sheen on the exterior .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
i believe because of the thickness ,  it was hard to get all the bubbles out ,  but worth the effort .
i also like the fact that these have a pretty good battery life .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it works fabulous !  espresso tastes better than the $ machines .
i like the size and style of these; many are too big and conspicuous .
i was not sure about this one but the sound is pretty good and loud enough .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
i ve had this for a year now and its still like new .
if you are looking for a good and cheap aux cable this is a good option .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
i ve used this vacuum for nearly num_num months now ,  and i love it .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
i have this one for about a year now .
otherwise we like this set and would buy again .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
the headset is very light weight and comfortable ,  but i don t wear it for long periods of time .
while this is functionally excellent ,  it is not especially stylish .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
the plastic even has a small nick and it still hold up .
it is light weight and strong . which i like .
i just recommend to rinse this well every time you use it .
have been using these glasses for about a month ,  and am enjoying them .
i like it and the color helps it to stand out .
it is exactly what i wanted it was a little hard to put on but it looks good .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
the size was a little smaller than what i expected but it works .
seeing the amazing reviews ,  i had to give this pan a try .
watch for amazon price changes .  . i was able to get it for under $
i have been using these filters for a while now and i think they work great .
but its still better than my original battery .
comes with a cool holster with a clip .
i picked this item up at a local store .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
they are wide enough to hold lots of things .
it is made of like a almost leathery material that i did not expect and love .
i was extremely happy and i can t wait to get a new one !  !  !  !  .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
i use a plastic wrap or foil to cover the dish and it stores the leftovers well .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
you wouldn t think such a simple design would work well ,  but it does .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
you basically have a power outlet that s portable with it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this will sure help to keep it clean .
i m fairly satisfied with this product ,  though i should have reviewed more products before purchasing .
not a perfect fit since it wasn t designed for this model but works well .
for the price you can t beat this charger .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
it turned out to be the color black but its fine with me .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
was a bit smaller than i expected ,  but still does the job .
it provides a reasonable amount of protection though when i dropped my phone a couple of times .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
great product the only thing is i can t tell when you need to charge it .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i do not seriously expect them to last forever ,  but they are lasting a good long time .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i was surprised by how sturdy it was though .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
love ,  love ,  love the otterbox ipone num_num and num_extend defender series case .
i highly recommend ! update :  after num_num months the cord i used every night to charge my phone quit working .
it holds a charge pretty well; i use it about two days before i have to charge it again .
it is exactly what i wanted it was a little hard to put on but it looks good .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
the power light is pretty discreet ,  which is also good since i hate loud blinking lights on my ears .
i saw this one on sale and the features listed in the product details caught my interest .
the sound is great ,  equal to some higher end ones from bose  or close  .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
this is on of the few items i have found to actually be less expensive in the store .
but i decided to keep it anyway as the price was good .
having wasted my money on num_num previous pieces of junk ,  i am very impressed with this lux product .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
i have graduated over to % induction cooking and there pots and pans have helped me in my change .
i suspect these things are going to be easy to lose . this stylus works quite well .
i just brew regular coffee and add this to the top with some cinnamon .
this is my first grinder and so far so good .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
overall i found the headphones comfortable to wear and use .
buy this product if you drop your phone a lot !  .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
also  ,  great to get rid of any smells as well .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it was a great headset and when it finally died i bought the new num_extend
the noise is minimal and it really does make a difference .
it is exactly what i wanted it was a little hard to put on but it looks good .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
these are great for my cats  wet food .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i was amazed at the quality of these for the cheap price .
it snaps on really easy and stay on until you take it off .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
i love that i can store and reuse my grocery bags .
theyare very durable ,  i ve had some for years .
happy with buying these i have tried different kinds and had to return most of them .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
they won t take the place of a more sturdy or solid kind of surface ,  but they work .
bought as a gift for my daughter !  it is the one she requested .
at first it takes some time to get used to it ,  but it s worth it .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
i am not a juicing fanatic ,  just enjoy homemade lemonade and margaritas .
this is a great charger ,  the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
this case is very comparable to the otterbox .
i purchase one for myself and one for a friend .
this one allows sound to play while it s plugged in and being used .
the num_num pack is a pretty good value for me since i can leave one in various places .
the base does feel a little insubstantial ,  but the whole thing ,  put together ,  is quite sturdy .
the glasses are very nice and heavy though a bit big around for my female hand .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
it s also great when you are in a loud room with lots of extraneous noise .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i noticed a difference in the quality of sound .
they were extremely nice ,  and sent me a replacement right away .
there s others out there that are nicer ,  but this is great for the money spent .
i keep it oiled and use it often .
this pan is a little bigger than i thought as well .
it is non stick and easy to clean .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
much better than the handheld sharpeners that i used .
i have a nice small blister from a surprise touch .
they are great and i have purchased from them multiple times .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
feels like a high quality material nothing like a rubber feel .
it is definitely smaller than the standard bowl ,  making it useful for smaller volume uses .
i took them right back and got another pair .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
the latest software update brings swype to evo handsets .
this is much better than the charging cable that came with my samsung captivate .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
as a phone ,  performance with call quality is decent ,  although there were a few occasional dropped calls .
this makes very good popcorn ,  although kinda messy and a few unpopped kernels using this method  hot air  .
i would most likely not use these at home ,  but they are great for the rental .
it is such a great piece of equipment ,  i purchased one for myself .
just the right size for her family ,  not too small .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
a game that has a rich ,  always moving num_extend environment ,  such as glyder ,  previously suffered from slowdown hiccups .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i prefer a flash drive over a memory stick because of their durability and transfer speeds .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
they work fine and even though there plastic there not flimsy .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
material not exactly what i expected ,  but for what i paid it works fine .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
i got the phone refurbished for a little over half the original price with a case and screen protector .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
great little case !  i had this case on my iphone num_extend for about a year .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it s a bit on the pricey side but not bad for a high quality ,  versatile charger .
i got mine from bestbuy ,  i bought a warranty .
i decided to stay with the earplugs but look for wireless and i have finally found the answer .
they are the same machine but the num_num also offers colors .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
these screen protectors work very well ,  i can t even tell it s on .
this is due to the aluminum which is quite soft .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
the included case is helpful to keep the charger and usb cable together .
it offers little resistance ,  so it is easy to turn .
i package most of my foods in individual servings so this does the trick .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
a nice short ring at an audible level .
the blade is extremely sharp ,  so be careful when handling .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
i can t imagine what would pull a plate out if it was seated correctly . the product works fine . bottom line .
the package includes a transparent cover for protecting the screen .
i ended up ordering another one ! and they come in multiple colors .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
i recommend changing the water say ,  every few days .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
great item for those who have to use two cell phones  work and personal  .
the quality of the sound was much better than i expected for the price .
it s really hard to get on and off but that is also a good thing .
when it has problems ,  the internet is a treasure trove of knowledge about how to fix it .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
good quality lg cable very similiar to the one my evo num_extend came with .
it s true to its solid description ,  it s not flimsy at all .
i was able to stick it on properly .
go ahead and buy this little dandy; you won t be disappointed .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
the num_num inches length is excellent ,  not to long ,  not too short .
i ve used this pan only a few times and it performed well .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
only had it a month but makes excellent coffee .
great product though ,  my num_num year old loves these .
if you need this kind of holder ,  i d recommend you give this one a serious look .
looking forward to making another batch of cookies with this scoop .
however ,  do note that this style of headset with its mic positioning may present a challenge . happy listening !  .
this case fit fine ,  had a good feel ,  but i expected more for something at this price .
it came with a charge on it ,  and my phone started up right away .
i have larger hands which are also strong .
i like the size ,  which is not too big and the handle of course stays cool to the touch .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
even comes with a cover to protect while not in use .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
best of all ,  i have no problems with sticking .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
i have a protective cover on my iphone num_extend and it fits in great .
i had this pressure cooker for about num_num years now and it still works great .
this knife does the job for me and was inexpensive .
it s a little challenging to put on but once you got it on your good and secure .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i believe because of the thickness ,  it was hard to get all the bubbles out ,  but worth the effort .
the material is fairly thin and lightweight ,  making them very easy to use .
works perfectly ,  sometimes on amazon the seller will say an item is oem and it usually is not .
but it works great ,  and lasts a long time . in short ,  i have no trouble recommending this product !  .
the loudness of the noise is based on the fan setting . for the price .  .  . this is a great fan .
unlike most headsets ,  this one sits comfortable on the ear with a soft plastic loop over the ear .
i like to make muffins on weekends sometimes .
if they fail i ll update my review . highly recommend !  .
i used it several times and each time loved it more .
i was pleasantly surprised because of the price ,  but it is a nice one .
overall ,  for my limited use it is a very good product and would buy it again if need be .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
i have never been a cuisinart fan but they got it right with this one .
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
it works great ,  and has never clogged up on me at all .
this battery wasn t used long but the time it was in use it worked very well .
i get a days worth of use easy .
the quality is better than the ones i have bought by spending $ or more .
i just got this in the mail yesterday .
these are sturdy pieces ,  though a bit small for some people .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
it doesn t take much but it s still very sensitive .
the pump is simple yet easy to use .
when i received it and started using it ,  i was immediately impressed .
the blade is less sharp  as you might expect  but the weight gives a nice follow through .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the headphones are a bit heavy to run with ,  but for relaxing around the house they are great .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
i got this one that is the same model and it works just as well as the old one .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
turned out great and it was a lot easier than i thought it would be .
i am not a great cook but this helps .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
it charges at a great rate ,  it is usually finished within a few hours for charging a single battery .
i really liked that it didn t smudge or get dirty with use over time .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
protection is a must for your phone screen .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this produces coffee that is definitely different tasting than auto drip ,  but in a good way .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
i plan to buy one for myself soon .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
when the battery life exceeds num_num hour talk time the sound is great .
i ve used this thing to make ice cream several times now ,  and it s works flawlessly .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is good and can charge the phone from % to most than %
i am not big on kitchen gadgets ,  but i love this one .
the polish is still nice and nothing is leaking or cracked .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
i have a num_extend and it works very well and doesn t add as much bulk as some .
for what i paid for this product ,  even if it lasted a few weeks ,  it was worth it .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
it makes that food taste fabulous with nothing added .
what sets apart the amazon brand is the price .
it has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
awesome charger !  i ve had zero problems with these things .
i loved my incredible droid and only purchased a new phone because the charging port went bad .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
it has a beltclip ,  and the flap closure is magnetic .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
and i loved it ,  and used it all the time .
the material has a firm soft rubber feel .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i sorted the appiance via customer reviews and this one caught my eye .
this is the perfect size for small cookies that you can have a few and not feel horribly guilty .
i am very happy with this skin !  the argile doesn t show up very well .  .  . but that was great for me .
i ve had it for about a week and so far so good .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this is a pretty good product for its price .  . thought it would of been cheap and ripped by now .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
we also appreciate the thinness of the glass .
good construction and i have had no issues .
will always use this one if i break or lose one .
i wash it right away after every use and it has worked really good .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
better than the last carafe type maker i had .
but they work great and this was a good deal .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i had that on my last thermometer and it was really handy .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
these are simple bags that work great for treats .
made for the iphone num_num  not num_extend but it works on my num_extend just fine .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
but for $ i thought it worth the risk .
besides the design being a little obtrusive ,  it works .
the butter flavoring that came with it was so good .
this is very simply device that is inexpensive but works very very well .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
you need to replace these regularly ,  and this is a better price than most stores .
very useful and sturdy ,  as others have mentioned the inside can make removing a filled bag somewhat difficult .
this was what i was hoping would happen so i was very happy with the results .
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
it doesn t charge as quickly as a home charger ,  but it gets the job done !  .
i have gotten a few of these screen protectors .
i love the case ! the only downside is the lace will get dirty so simply take care of it .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
i don t use these very frequently ,  but they do come in handy with purees .
i had a friend suggest i give it another go with this and i am glad i did !  .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i don t do shortbread very often ,  but i love this shortbread pan .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
i have num_num machines so this will be a good value for me .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
it s cheap ,  sounds good ,  and does a nice job incorporating the button in the mic assembly .
this does the job but it is very big in size .
they re easy to clean  just use a basting brush to sweep the powder out from under the blade .
made of rubber so it bends just in the right spots .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
i keep it oiled and use it often .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
that was a bit odd ,  but it works great .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i would recommend if you need to purchase .
the base is covered in a rubberized material ,  is arc shaped ,  and has a solid feel to it .
brought for a cell phone that i had at the time works great and also stops from getting scratches .
overall a decent product as you shouldn t have a bottle of wine open for that long anyway .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
i had it over num_num years and it was working great .
looking forward to using this as my garden grows .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
while other systems might be overly complicated ,  this machine maintains ease of use without compromising quality .
$ was a good deal for what i got .
well ,  i figured out a way around that .
i like how the matte finish feels on my screen .
but its still better than my original battery .
i first found these on sale at t .
the screen is beautiful and bright . however i did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
it s a little big for cereal  maybe not for some people  ,  but it s great for chili and soup .
the good grips line features durable ,  nonslip flexible handles on every product .
and i have been enjoying good coffee since .
it is better than the plastic one i have been using for a few years .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
there are a lot of reviews here flattering this device better than i can .
the coating is extra slick and thicker than most .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
way more expensive than it needs to be ,  but works as advertised .
!  but this product was still good for the price .
this one is smooth and cleans out well without leaving any smell residues .
i really like these measuring cups vs the pyrex ones .
great cord and is compatible with my iphone num_extend
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
i put saran wrap over the top ,  it helps .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
i prefer them stacked in a drawer so i can simply reach in and grab the one i want .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
amazon ,  as usual ,  was quick to refund the difference .  .  .  . i will continue to be a loyal amazon . com shopper !  .
i ve had one of these for about num_num years and love it .
the best point is it takes aaa batteries so they are easy to replace .
but this was very cheap and shipped faster than i expected so i am happy with it .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
the amazon screen protector is every bit as effective as anything else i have tried at higher prices .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
got this to replace my worn out model .
he likes and uses it daily bagels ,  veggies ,  etc .
i ve been looking for a new set ,  taking my time for that perfect set . these oxo s seemed pretty sturdy .
it tastes fine the way it comes out .
the device gets good reception ,  but the cellular antenna is very sensitive .
i tried this last night ,  and it is pretty good .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
the quality stainless steel is very good and does not rust ,  unlike cheaper products .
it works great ,  and has never clogged up on me at all .
on balance this is a good product that could be even better if hoover would make a few changes .
i took off one star for no volume rockers ,  everything else is good .
the price was cheap and it is a great product .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
i add a spray of vinegar and that helps .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
holds up very well !  problem is i took it for scooping soap in smaller rounded molds .
the battery still is wonderful ,  but the plastic cover isn t the most durable .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
this is good ,  since it measns carrying only one charger .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
it is sturdy and works well conducting heat where it needs to go .
i love the discreetness of the headphone ,  people can t even tell you have headphones on .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
it is fine for the price ,  nicer than i expected .
bought two of these !  great cables for a cheap price .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
well worth the price  even without the free shipping availability  .
i wanted quality sound at a reasonable price .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i kn ow my son will love it .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
i love these ,  i have purchased and worn out num_num previously ,  as i use it a lot .
for cleanup you can just throw it in the dishwasher and it s good to go .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i would definitely buy this again but i m glad it s of good quality so i won t have to !  .
did i mention the coffee ?  it is really wonderful .
i paid $ for this puppy and i really like the weight and feel .
hope my review is helpful and thanks to everyone who writes these reviews and to everyone who reads them .
i wish the back wasn t as slick , and it s a real pain to take on and off . really enjoy this case .
i bought this item a little over two years ago on sale .
the plastic handle is comfortable to grip and to apply pressure .
plus it is all plastic and easy to wash .
at this price you really should give it a try if your looking for some phone protection .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
other than that ,  it s nothing fancy but it works .
i got the phone refurbished for a little over half the original price with a case and screen protector .
i was very happy that they came in a num_num pack because num_num just really isn t enough .
great product ,  hoever it is too bulkuy and big .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i recommed this with num_num stars !  it s great !  !  .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
i use for business calls in my home office so it has to work well and it does .
i m fairly satisfied with this product ,  though i should have reviewed more products before purchasing .
it does lift up your screen protector if its not perfectly lined up .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
its good for alot of things has num_num functions .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
what a difference !  i wish i had found this sooner .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i am very glad that i purchased this extension hose with my new vacuum .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
the clean solution tank holds one gallon of water  one reason for the light weight  .
this was my first purchase with amazon and i love it .
it has a powerful motor to do the job efficiently .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
but the battery worked well ,  and was better than the original .
it is that nice white color that goes with everything .
it seems very sturdy for someone like myself who drops things extremely often .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
i love this ,  been using for about num_num or num_num years .
i ve only had it several days but seems like a well made product .
i recommend these to anyone else who has a num_extend or num_extend
it makes food taste better and it is healthier as you minimize your olive oil use and reduce calories .
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
well ,  i haven t been using it very long ,  but thus far it s a gem .
it worked fine for just over a year .
highly recommended to anyone who s looking for the convenience of a longer cord .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i really found this product to be wonderful ,  compared to others which i have used .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i can put these in and just enjoy my music with out distractions .
the best part is it was only like $
the bass packs a strong punch and plentiful ,  but not to the point where its overpowering .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
this was the battery that she needed and it seems to work fine and hold a charge .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
what a great device !  i ve had this product for about num_num weeks and it s apowerful little bugger .
i had one of these with my galaxy num_extend and it did the job well .
i ve had the machine about num_num years and love it .
i like that it is made out of metal rather than plastic .
this product is easy to use ,  but it is available from walmart for much less .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
some work perfectly and others wont stick in certain areas .
this works well for what it is intended for ,  but not quite what i wanted .
good product ,  but it could stand to be a little snugger .
it is also quite sturdy for a cheaply priced case .
this can opener opens your cans in a different way .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
and ,  after receiving it i called presto direct and found they have replacement cords at a very reasonable price .
i no longer use the droid bionic ,  but when i did i loved this item .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i was very surprised with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
i was a bit hesitant based on some of the reviews but honestly found this product very useful .
this blender worked great for a little less than a year .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
do not be fooled by the low price; these are a true bargain !  .
the num_num mp camera takes sharp pictures ,  and i was surprised at the quality of video capture .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
the bristles are soft as well as flexible .
i bought this to record quality audio ,  and because of its noise canceling properties .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
they fit well ,  they look pretty decent ,  and the material lasts quite awhile ,  pause button works fine .
as others have suggested i find that this works best f preheated for a minute .
i found this one ,  same brand and almost the exact same look .
a little super glue works to solve the problem .
at the end of the day this battery provides a little extra battery life .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
it doens t make the phone  bigger  and it protects the pack .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i bought this as a christmas present to myself last year .
so i experimented with them for a few days and figured it out .
the control buttons are a bit small ,  but overall a good tool .
perfect for my aux hookup in my car so i can listen to my podcasts .
i have gotten a few of these screen protectors .
it would be nice to use inside a smaller microwave as well .
very nice if you work outside or where it could easily get damaged .
it is larger than i anticipated but a good size .
works well ,  and keeps an extra fully charged battery available at all times .
it has a kind of smooth ,  soft feel to it .
it s pretty easy to set it up to connect to wireless networks .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i like the colors i received better than the ones in the picture .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
i highly recommend the num_extend after trying the allegedly  better  and more expensive models .
its not the best case but it looks nice on my iphone .
i hang it in my closet ,  and it s been helping to keep things organized .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
these seem to be fine for the price .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
if you buy it ,  give it few days and it will grow on you .
it isnamgood concept and design ,  but the usb connector was a bit flay after a few months .
the num_num inch appears to be a great deal too .
it doesn t charge as quickly as a home charger ,  but it gets the job done !  .
will recommend this item if you lose your own cable with a micro usb cable .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
it makes the garlic super fine so you ll get the garlic taste without the harsh spiciness .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
this usb cable works great !  i have had no issues with it .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
much better than the stuff in the supermarket .
good luck with your purchase and read the reviews .
this is my first new trent product that i owned and i must say this it is pretty impressive .
the case gets in the way of the feel a little bit but the phone still functions inside it .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
quite inexpensive too ,  and the shipping was fast .
it s great for drying a small towel after something is wiped up before it goes into the hamper .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
for the price of this case you really can t complaign .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
perfect replacement for one of the pans i lost in house fire .
it does come with a decent screen protector .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
i got the winter white with kickstand for my white num_extend
it opened my eyes to how good coffee could really be .
i finally found it here at amazon , not only free shipping but buy num_extend get one free deal .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this accessory is what you want to buy .
i enjoy large portions of breakfast cereal .  .  . and my homemade soups .
they work well ,  are attractive and work with my own flatware .
that was great ! these pans cook evenly and the handles don t get hot .
it usually only leaves a couple of kernels unpopped . highly recommended !  .
this is a nice little rack with a flip top shelf .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
i was able to do it myself ,  but some people may need a helping hand .
good value for the price ,  contains num_num sheets .
its way better than my old charger this battery has more life to it .
this definately comes in handy when your not at home and your phone it dying .
i hope they last a long time because it s hard to find a pair that fits me comfortably .
and it was brand new fresh off from the package it come in !  .
it is easy to shake off excess and have a level cupful .
i like to give it a thorough cleaning every now and then too .
need a sharpener every once in awhile and i found this one .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
we usually make our bacon in the microwave ,  it s a lot faster and easier .
doesn t sound like much ,  but you can definitely notice it .
these are not so good for data uploading from a phone to a computer ,  but the recharging works well .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i love oxo products ,  and this was no disappointment .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
they also will melt if you expose them to high heat .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
mine was made in china and i got it at $
a decent thermometer is essential to the process .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
very reasonably priced with quality ,  won t say they are best but does the num_extend
and i got grounds in my cup too .
the price was so good i order two ,  to have a spare .
but for the price it was worth it .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
as for use on a phone i do not have an opinion but for my application it good .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
this was eye catching and when i ordered it i knew i had to have it .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
it does have some problems ,  as many have already noted ,  but it makes an excellent cup of coffee .
i got a good deal when buying num_num packs of this .
it s not fancy or as attractive as a kitchenaid that i have ,  but it serves the purpose .
it is a little heavy but it s worth saving the phone from being ruined .
it is pretty small but moves a lot of air .
i d recommend them as long as you don t expect them to be the greatest thing money can buy .
the pink isn t too pink but it s still bright .
now i can charge all kinds of other stuff using this as well .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
you can t beat the price of these screen protectors .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
my $ one was not . terrific value ,  terrific price ,  fast shipping .
i have a num_num car that does not have connectivity but it has a great bose stereo .
i used this the first time yesterday and it worked fine .
i called peppermate and they immediately shipped me out a new unit ,  no questions asked  great customer service !   .
a bit thin ,  not the highest grade stainless steel ,  but it does the job .
i ve only owned it for a few days now but so far so good .
also ,  the great thing about this phone is the battery life .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
it is pretty thin ,  which is perfect for me .
a nice inexpensive espresso i have found is the  starbucks brewed  costco espresso roast .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
this cable works great on my samsung galaxy num_extend
i upgraded from an old round brita pitcher and this one is much better .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
if you are looking for a good headset for a great price keep this in mind .
also good for melted chocolate and other sticky things .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
glad i found these at a reasonable price .
i also store it in its original box .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i can use decent headphones with this and the controls work fairly well .
to me it makes sense to do what i need to in order to keep it sharp .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
i just keep my phone hooked up to it and keep it charged .
the product arrived as described ,  i was very pleased with my purchase from amazon .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i bought these as a gift at christmas time .
i have arthritic hands and this handle is super .
this is important to me when baking ,  especially breads .
i wish more products are packaged this way . overall i think this is a good product .
i got the cleaning pads this time and plan to use them .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
much better than the nails i used before .
the cable frayed and split after a year but still work fine .
i have an older logitec mobile freedom which was fairly inexpensive yet works great .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i loved the way it shut itself off after charging .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i had purchased another one which fit really badly . final note ,  the price is great .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
so i got these to soak my foods in .
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining .
covers the phone well with the exception of the face of the phone .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
alot of dust get in those spots . the attached screen protector is neat .
it is what i just what i ordered .
i d still recommend it to any one that wants to try it out .
it took a little while to receive it but it was worth the wait .
it is a must have for anyone that loves to cook .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
great phone case i used this case for about num_num years .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i bought this coffee maker a couple of years ago .
these are good quality earphones that are dirt cheap .
installing this little filter worked great at making the water drinkable for us and out pets .
this sharpener puts a razor edge on knives .
since i have had this on i noticed the air smells better and cleaner .
have dropped my phone a couple of times and it is still in one piece and working .
macro lens is great ,  i wasn t expecting it to take pictures from that close distance .
so glad i was able to upgrade to the num_extend
i am so very happy i found this case .
i got it a week ago and i have used it twice so far .
i purchased this as a birthday gift for a family member .
really liked the design and quality of the sleeve .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
this case does feel more sturdy than my previous one .
not always sure if a product lives up to the advertising ,  but this one sure does .
they are sturdy and strong but can be a little difficult in putting together .
this little case is pretty good for the price that you pay .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
they are the best ,  which you can tell from all the num_num star reviews .
you have to put some pretty good torque on it to get it to open .
i probably wouldn t use this in a bathroom ,  but it is perfect for the kitchen .
it has a lifetime warranty and they take care of you when you contact them for a replacement .
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it has high sides and a very hefty weight to it .
i ordered a pack of two ,  and the other one works as described .
haven t used it much for other things but for this ,  i like it .
attaches very well to the shower wall and doesn t slip .
i have used farberware items before for many years and they make great products .
bought a bunch since they only last a couple years but they work well when i need them .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
every oxo product i have ever owned has been at least very good ,  and for the most part ,  excellent .
it is quiet in operation and heats up quickly .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i dislike paper filters so i got this one for my new coffee maker .
i found this one for the htc desire and heard that it had the same measurements as the inspire .
that was a bummer ,  but i will say that amazon handled it beautifully .
thanks to amazon and customer reviews this caught my attention .
i ve been using it for over a year and it is still working fine .
i bought a couple of the num_num foot cords ,  and they are awesome .
the cup has to be small but as it turned out i had one that fits great .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
this charger is pretty good ,  works as advertises and charges my phone without any issues .
nice to have in an emergency when the regular vacuum breaks .
this is a great charger . i just set it on and it charges quickly .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i used it in the salton and left it for about num_num hours and it came out perfect .
i just wanted a simple coffee maker that works well .
but this size is small and convenient to store .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
we used it for the first time last night ,  and it worked well .
i ve purchased cheap stuff before but this worked great !  have bought others since then .
very tricky to open and put on and take off ,  good for the price .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
it might be best to buy something this big at a local retailer .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
i make pizza and focaccia on ocassion so it works fine for me .
they made it that way for a reason .
i received a good quality product num_extend an num_extend time around .
the fabric is not waterproof but it is stain resistant and easily cleaned .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
i think this will last for a while .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it has many positive reviews so i thought i couldn t go wrong .
smooth and tasty ,  no sugar needed to counteract the bitterness .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
it is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to num_num degrees .
i bought this brand new for about $
i bought it to match in my car .
the backing is solid ,  but a pain to remove if i need to .
i was skeptical when i bought this but after using it a few times it does seem to work .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
it s so quiet you can t even tell if it s on .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is perfect for one cup of coffee ,  as many people have misunderstood apparently from reading other reviews .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i found the num_extend charge time to be adequate .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i ve only owned it for a few days now but so far so good .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
it looks gorgeous !  !  !  !  i haven t had a problem so far .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
it cleans up very well most of the time .
it is a large size for the cost .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
it almost looks like a toy ,  it is so cute .
it doesn t get too hot so it is easy to handle without an overmitt .
works better than some of the more expensive cases .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
ignore the guy who broke his phone .  .  . this is a very good phone .
the handles are big so your able to get a good grip to turn while your eating .
it works great but the original did not last even a year before needing to be replaced .
this is a nice num_num foot long cable .
i used it on a recent trip and it really kept my phone charged fully .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it s great ,  i love it ,  but the handle is too short for my liking .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
worth it for sure ,  half the price as the others available .
the first one worked great !  i had no issues .
also if you own a pet ,  it works great on pet hair and loose litter around the litter pan .
screen protectors is a must have ,  especially on a phone with an exposed display .
someone else had mentioned that the spring was difficult at first ,  and i ve found the same is true .
i like fresh coffee in the morning and you will too .
i love these and used them all the time .
definitely i will try it to see how good it is for that .
gives a nice toasty flavor though which i like so not a bad purchase for the price .
last a really long time and cleans up nicely .
the bottom part flares out to the sides very nicely ,  which is very decorative .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i don t have a lot of problems with it ,  if at all ,  and am pretty happy with the purchase !  .
it does make a great cup of coffee and that s the bottom line for us .
for the price ,  they were a very good purchase .
its small design keeps it out of the way .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i just used this to mix pancake mix ,  and i got the fluffiest ,  best pancakes i ve ever made .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
he loved it so much ,  when it gave out ,  he instantly was looking for a replacement .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
if this review was helpful ,  please let me know ! thank you !  .
you really can t beat it for the price .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
needed my red onions sliced thinner and this does the trick .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
it s not too heavy but it has a good weight .
almost $ each is a little pricey for a glass bottle ,  but these are nice due to the design .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
the replacement belts work great and they are cheap .
i had to buy a second set of these amazing magnets .
worth paying a few extra bucks i would think .
so far so good ,  it gives me multiple full charges on my num_extend
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i bought the mixer mainly to make bread ,  but what makes it even better are the accessories .
great find for me ,  as the original bowl for my food processor broke .
i have the num_num piece set of this product  ,  its a gem .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i give these num_num stars because they are sturdy ,  well made and the lids fit well .
it is able to accommodate larger pieces of meat .
the cup is portioned right with a thinning at the top which is what i was looking to get .
sure it would be good with other foods too .
a little too big for my tastes ,  but i really like it .
we make real vanilla to add to recipes .
i like the fact that it has a usb charging port built in .
not a huge deal ,  but worth noting if that will bug you .
this thing is great !  i ve bought cuisinart products before and this thing doesn t disappoint .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
especially useful is the cord so i can wear it .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
they are great for that use !  i do not use them for baking .
the music sounds good ,  not great  you need a line in for better quality  .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
it is small and can fit in a small corner .
it has not given me any problems ,  and is really pretty easy to clean as well .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
now i can take nice deep bath in my old bathtub .
i replaced it with a nice ballistics case .
on a few occasions it was finicky about connecting to the phone but generally works fine .
i would recommend if you need a replacement .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
its a little thin but i like the texture and pattern of it .
i have a fairly large head ,  but these headphones are comfortable .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i also like the countdown timer better than the old smartpots .
i suggest that you try it for yourself .
spend a little bit money and get one that will last and are a pleasure to use .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
there is a wide variety of adjustments and configurations for how you can use this mount .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
the price seems reasonable  low ,  in fact  ,  and it works well .
i put on the music on my ipod ,  and wow .
i recommend changing the water say ,  every few days .
medium to fine ground coffee works best ,  no need to tampen num_extend
the whole process of opening it allows the coffee to cool down some each time .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
fully assembled i found a couple things i didn t like .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
i was so sad when i lost it but it looked and worked great .
of course another nice feature is a multilanguage support which you can not have in windows mobile phones  e . g .
i just finished installing and using this and it s a decent microwave for the money .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
this is good ,  since it measns carrying only one charger .
the sound is good and not so loud that it will bust your eardrums .
cleaning is easy ,  and it seems a good buy for the price .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i bought this pot after seeing a long list of positive reviews ,  and i m happy to add to it .
great device to keep in your car in case of num_extend
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
it cleans up fairly well but takes a bit of scrubbing .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i had a protective cover on the phone which made it even bigger .
i make cheese for my husband once a week with this ,  and it always turns out okay .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
i really can t believe the quality for such and inexpensive price .
despite this minor gripe ,  i d certainly buy it again .
it was scratched heavily in two places so i had doubts about it but it s pretty freakin strong .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
she says it doesn t alter the flavor of the tea and seems to keep it fresh .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
i got this to replace my original battery .
but it s much better than paying $ for an otterbox .
it s a little slow getting warmed up ,  but quite durable .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
great for making large batches ,  or things that are difficult to mix without spilling over your everyday bowls .
i wash mine at least a couple of times most days ,  but it is also dish washer safe .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
been using it for num_num years and it is great .
if you are looking for serious juicer ,  you should get this one !  .
i rarely write reviews ,  but this product is so outstanding i just had to recommend it .
in any event ,  it doesn t look as nice now that it s been used ,  but it is most definitely functional !  .
i believe this relates to how much coffee you want .
it does have a remote ,  which it a nice feature too .
i do a lot of cooking so it helps to cut stuff .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
it takes batteries and they last quite a long time .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
great product i have ordered few because i keep break mine or just losing them all together .
it isn the fastest phone but it is a touch phone it works great .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
i would buy again ,  make a good spare cord .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the case is another well thought of accessory from blackberry .
i love this product and have no issues .
it s got a nice heavy duty plastic handle so you don t have to worry about getting burned .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
which is great because i don t use it all the time .
this one is easy to set ,  press in the numbers on the num_num little buttons .
very good deal a lil under num_num bucks for the num_num items i got .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
i got this to replace my original battery .
bought this piece with the innocell battery and the innocase .
the vacuum is a very good buy at this price .
will definitely buy another one when the current one gets old and no longer does its job .
so glad this one did because the design if beautiful .
this is on of the few items i have found to actually be less expensive in the store .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this heater is a great alternative to the standard room heater .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
you have to sharpen it after every use ,  but it s treating me well .
it is easier to use than a razor blade .
i have had this on my phone for almost year and half and it still looks new .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
it cleaned up really easy and it worked great .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
it s handle has a good griping surface that is unlikely to slip out of your hand .
i liked the product ,  the only thing that sometimes it would not stay connected inside the phone .
it s good to use when you get a difficult can to open .
recommend and num_num fit it my toaster oven .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
i bought one of these and it works on my ipod and iphone num_extend
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
other than that i would recommend this product .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
nice toaster !  after several that did not work well ,  this one is a charm .
i don t know if they did ,  but as far as we are concerned it was a satisfactory gift .
i didn t actually purchase this case for an iphone ,  but it works for what i needed .
it s actually better than my garmin because it can tap into the internet .
had a survivor case which i loved also ,  but it was so big and bulky .
i am mixing my colors so i ll have varied sets that compliment each other .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
i like that i can have hot or cold food with it .
it will melt if you fry at very high heat .
the asssembly instructions are a little confusing but it is honestly easy to figure out without any instructions .
this is true ,  but it s also what helps to avoid bitterness and give the coffee a cleaner finish .
now i plan on purchasing a food processor and i believe it will definitely be a cuisinart .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
could ve came with some tools but works pretty good .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
purchased this product to give to the lady who does my nails .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
i got this for my boyfriend for his num_extend and he loves it .
it works better than other gadgets i have tried .
this case is durable and doenst make my phone seem as bulky as other cases have .
this pan is thin and light ,  but it works .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
nice amount of lollipop sticks for cakes and chocolate .
back side of the case is very dingy looking and yellowish . if you want a simple protective case it s good .
it s an excellent and adorable little pot ,  but because its so small the handle gets too hot to hold .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
made of high grade plastic and will hold up for few years .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
would i get it again ?  yes ,  it has been a worthwhile purchase .
it works well on bare wood ,  tile or vinyl floors ,  upholstery ,  cobwebs ,  dusting ,  etc .
much better than the nails i used before .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
you don t need this ,  but it sure is nice to have !  !  !  .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
my $ one was not . terrific value ,  terrific price ,  fast shipping .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
if you want quality you need to pay $ instead of one penny ,  plus a very reasonable shipping price .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
it s worth noting the inside of the plastic is partially lined with felt .
this works better than the other screen protectors i have tried .
not sure how long they are suppose to but this is great for me .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
this product is a few dollars more but it is worth the extra money .
it is very easy and takes no effort to use .
use the cloth that comes with the case and really make sure the screen is as clean as possible .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
i got this to replace my original battery .
the clear screen cover protects your screen and makes it easy to still use the keypad .
yes ,  i still use one !  battery was purchased as a reserve; works fine .
additionally ,  this headset works great as a simple pair of headphones should you choose to use in that capacity .
it is easy to apply and when you are done you cannot even tell it is there .
it doesn t get too hot so it is easy to handle without an overmitt .
love that has a red light that turns on to let you know it has power .
nice to have measuring spoons that one can actually  fit  into spice containers .
while some have panned its camera ,  i ve found it usable .
overall ,  for my limited use it is a very good product and would buy it again if need be .
you may even get some beneficial iron in your diet ! reccomended .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
it took a while to receive them ,  but they were packaged well and are what i needed .
i contacted amazon and they were very good to work with and shipped me another set .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
works better than the usb charger that came with the samsung galaxy note num_extend
this one feels a little more substantial and solid than the rada ,  though it s not quite as sharp .
it came well packaged without any perceivable damage .
it is a good price too ,  its too bad others aren t getting the right or same product .
has a good magnet on the back to hold it onto a metal surface .
i had no idea what i was doing but it worked out really well .
good to the last drop ! hey ,  for a $ yard sale item ,  i can t beat it !  .
much better quality then the ones i purchased at a local specialty store .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
great ,  i didn t realize it came with cables also ,  thanks .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
so don t give up on such a great product .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
i got it free with another product i bought .
the case is nice and secure and provides good protection overall .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i really like the fact that it uses a standardmicro usb cable instead of the iphone connector .
i did use water just off the boil; i think that certainly helped .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
i then proceeded to order more because they were such a good quality .
hope it helps others if they have similar issues .
i keep coffee and other things in it .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
it s sharp and doesn t remove an excessive amount of peel .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
but the phone is still sturdy in the mount without it .
worth it for sure ,  half the price as the others available .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
this one got great reviews ,  though i was hesitant to buy online .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
the price was good but the covers scratched easily .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
good value . i don t own a dishwasher so i cannot speak to how it holds up to a dishwashing machine .
work great and i needed a car phone charger .
first one they send was wrong ,  got another package today and the right ones are there .
yes love these ,  i will order a pair in black .
works well with half or less container filled .
i d rather not have a cover on my phone ,  but if i must ,  this one does the trick .
this does have the ability to make coffee without using the grinder .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
this item is relatively inexpensive and seems to do the job .
glad i found these at a reasonable price .
it took two days ,  but i ,  too ,  got it to work .
i use an inexpensive store brand ,  which works fine and tastes a lot better than microwave popcorn .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
this item is simply the best accessory  and i have many  for my new evo num_extend
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
i even bought one for each of my daughters .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
this is the best of all that i have tried .
this one is sharper ,  cuts better and is of a smaller ,  more manageable size .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
they are outstanding and fun to look at !  !  !  !  .
i ve had other mono bluetooth headsets do a much better job  plantronics and jabra have good ones .
and thorough cleaning is important since you can t look through the carafe as you can with a glass carafe .
it is a little bulky but it is worth it .
great pot ,  heavy ,  but not too heavy ,  cleans easily and a good size for most soups ,  stews etc .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i really wasn t expecting much from this case ,  but i was pleasantly surprised .
i truthfully haven t used it yet ,  but i feel it will be worth having .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
i have the htc evo num_extend and this is the exact one i got with it new .
now i can enjoy a single glass and drink the rest later .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
i hate plastic ,  so this was a great alternative .
actually i thought it would be bigger but the size is still good just wish they made bigger ones .
i might just buy one of those too and see which type works the best .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i learned it and hopefully you won t have to .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
i don t have a big sink ,  so it s a little tricky to wash ,  but i love this thing .
go ahead and buy this little dandy; you won t be disappointed .
it is a little more pricey but i feel it will last years to come .
some things stick more than others ,  but i have found that using enough oil seems to make it easier .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
i came upon this beauty on one of my shopping sessions on amazon .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it worked fine for just over a year .
have not had a chance to try it out yet ,  so will have to update once installed . overall good experience .
although its not as good ,  its a lot easier to use .
this is a pretty good phone case ,  protects the phone ,  but kind of hard to get to phone quickly .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
its simple enough for kids and fun to use .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this product is a great alternative to otterbox .
love the remote and love the ability to switch directions at the touch of a button .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
had this for a few months ,  works good as advertised . save me from buying new chargers with micro usb adapter .
the screen and camera are much better than the num_extend
it s not high end ,  but good for the price .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
this is a really nice cup which has a positive seal .
this doesn t produce as fine of mist as pam spray ,  but it still produces a nice even coat .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i ve only had to charge it once and battery life seems excellent .
the colors are vibrant and look just like they did in the picture .
also it can also make the items liquidy .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i wasn t sure how well i d like it but it does the job .
material not exactly what i expected ,  but for what i paid it works fine .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
the switch for turning it on is very easy to deal with .
i ve bought a lot of cutting boards and this one is the best for me .
these are made very well but not that well .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
also works well for thin belts that i can t stick anywhere else .
i bought it to match in my car .
more substantial than i thought it would be .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
got this as a gift for my boyfriend .
good luck with your purchase and read the reviews .
found these buttons to be useful especially when im on the go .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
not quite as powerful as my old one ,  but still very good .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
if noise isn t an issue ,  they are perfect ,  and very inexpensive for the quality .
i bought a second unit and it is working fine .
it came fully assembled and ready to go ,  and works great .
i d say great product !   : d this does work on a num_extend num_extend as well ,  because thats what i m using .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
i think it will last quite some time .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
other than that ,  i m happy with what i got for the price i paid .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
well worth the few bucks you pay for it .
well i suppose it works good enough for you to lay your phone face down .
good for light everyday tasks ,  has an fm radio reciever built in ,  requires headphones as an antennae .
it doesn t do a whole lot ,  but what it does ,  it does well .
it is not as padded as i would like but it s nicely made and very roomy .
easy to use ,  even for my frail hands .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
purchased this for my home so we could enjoy homemade waffles more often .
i also read some good reviews on it .
it is dishwasher safe which is nice . my only complaint is the size .
so i enjoy having the headphones block out all the other sound .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i know that these are $ but i think that they re worth the money .
you do need to adjust to using the pillow but i like it .
you can t beat that !  i will be ordering a new one .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
works better than some of the more expensive cases .
the next two times i used it for eggs ,  they came out quite nice .
i would purchase again from this seller in the future !  .
i originally ordered this item from amazon ,  and it arrived in a very timely manner .
the plastic cover is really thick plastic making the whole thing feel well built .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
i bought this for emergencies and found myself using this a lot .
i guess it sort of slipped my mind but i actually like the smaller size .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it doesn t make blades razor sharp but does a decent job .
came in the mail quick ,  packaging was really nice .
would recommend to see this in a touch screen with a qwerty keypad .
i bought this item a little over two years ago on sale .
slightly bigger than i expected ,  but worth it .
prefer this type to mix pancake batter ,  cake mixes ,  and cookies .
box that it came in looked really nice .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
the aluminum is nice and shiny ,  although it does scratch easily  being aluminum  .
i was a little scared but the phone is great .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
it actually takes a bit more than num_num cups of milk ,  which is great .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
the handle was cool to the touch and i was able to get a good grip on it .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
over all the otterbox is a great product and worth the extra money .
i am hoping to find a product just as nice when i upgrade my phone !  !  .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i then use a lint free micro fiber cloth and get that screen as perfect as i can .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i rubbed in seasoning after using the tenderizer and was satisfied with the results .
it doesn t have the plastic screen cover like otterbox ,  but those are easy to find .
the way it feels in my hands is different .
it made amazing waffle ,  just a heads up though its the thin waffles not the belgian kind .
i knew i needed a case for this phone and during the num_extend i found this case .
i like this charger since my daughter can charge her ipod the same time i do my phone .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
my husband and i live in two small rooms ,  so this vacuum is great for cleaning our space .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
it is very durable and i would purchase another if i needed to .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i can still answer calls from my cellphone as well .
recommended .  .  .  . i am going to order couple of more as well .
much better than the nails i used before .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i ve been using it a month or so and it s still working fine .
overall i like it and haven t thought about replacing it .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
i almost bought the smaller pan ,  but am glad i got the medium one .
these are cheap and do their job so well .
i recommend this kit to anyone needing a replacement .
it doesn t cost $ but that s a good thing .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
it charges my rezound battery as well and doesn t take forever to do it .
i would recommend if you need a replacement .
i ve used it a few times already and i can t believe how perfectly my eggs turn out .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i ve had it for a month and its still in mint condition .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
the build quality is good and doesn t feel cheap .
it is actually darker and then lighter depending on the light .
the leather looks good and holds the case well . shipping is expensive .
i saw this reviewed and highly recommended and decided to give it a try .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
nevertheless ,  this one is good for dispensing a small amount of oil in a larger pattern .
this is a fantastic little ice cream maker .
i keep poking myself with it !  still ,  a fine knife !  .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
we got this after borrowing one from a friend .
getting a holder for your bananas is a great way to make them last longer .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
the coffee is excellent ,  and after num_num months i ve not had one complaint or problem with this machine .
i only use these during the winter ,  but they are so wonderful for warm winter drinks .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
this makes good popcorn without oil though the batches are a bit smaller than other poppers .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
what can i say ,  this is the one i needed for my coffee maker so i got it .
that was not the color i wanted ,  but it was okay ,  it was still a good deal .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
there are also a couple sizes of earbuds in the package .
it lets me adjust the volume without having to reach for your device .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i ve bought several of these over the years .
it comes with two adapters and one of them allows you to fit the num_extend
i ve have about a year of use on it . it s light ,  sounds good ,  and the battery lasts a long time .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
but its still better than my original battery .
it also has the ability to pause and start music playback .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
only a small annoyance ,  otherwise a good buy .
only time will tell how long these will last but so far so good .
the camera takes nice pictures and i ve used it as a substitute for my regular digital camera .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
they offer good music quality with a few quirks and marginal call quality .
i am very happy with this skin !  the argile doesn t show up very well .  .  . but that was great for me .
this bowl is very nice to work with i need to probably think about getting the smaller one also .
these glasses are very heavy and very sturdy .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
not sure what else to say other than its great !  !  .
do yourself a favor and buy one ,  you won;t be disappointed .
it looks like a gimmick but it really works !  .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
i liked it and i ll consider buying something similar to it once the one we have bites the dust .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
even on an electric oven it still gets hot enough to wok .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
this battery easily doubles the stock battery life .
this is white ,  however ,  but still really cute .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
for my purpose ,  this is excellent as you don t have any power adapter and audio cables to attach .
i thought this was going to be a cheap piece of junk ,  but it is actually nice .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
i took good care of it and it still worked only num_num year .
it saved my phone from breaking many times .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
it also includes a option to feed sound to your aux input .
i bought this as a gift for my mom .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it is small in size fitting easily into my gadget bag .
the num_num pack is a pretty good value for me since i can leave one in various places .
its good but not great considering what else is available at this price point .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
easy to apply and last longer than some of the other i have used in the past .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
not in huge amounts ,  but it still makes it in .
so far so good and i have no complaints .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
maybe this helps keeps it from breaking ?  i m not sure ,  but i m very pleased with it !  .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i got these bags when i bought my new vac .
they are great because they hold the heat .
this very small speaker packs a big punch .
it was well worth the money ,  a great product !  .
i expected something a little larger ,  but this serves it s purpose well .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the num_extend set held up so well i bought a num_extend set from amazon as a back up .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
i couldn t afford a new one and found this rebuilt one here at amazon .
i got this to replace my old one .
i got one a few months ago ,  and use it almost every day .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
it works better than other gadgets i have tried .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
they are made of glass so are delicate .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
they are a good substitute for the high end glasses .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
i got this for my num_num year old .
but even though i no longer listen to music on a mobile phone ,  i still love using these headphones .
containers were a little smaller than expected ,  but worth the price .
i highly recommend spending an extra $ and getting the metal blueant num_extend earhook replacement on amazon .
i used to have the braun version of this grinder ,  and just received this one as a gift .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
it works well and does bacon nicely . i have not used it for pancakes ,  it may be awkward for those .
it will last for a very long time ,  but works great .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
they are great for crackers ,  chips ,  cookies ,  etc .
you have to add a lot of fruit to get a decent amount of juice .
produces an even consistent grind without much coffee dust .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
overall ,  this is a good spare battery for my samsung galaxy num_extend
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
they are nice and heavy and have a large capacity .
this is a great skillet for on top of the stove or in the oven  or both  .
as with mos of the good grips products ,  very comfortable handle .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
just what i needed and the price was very reasonable .
the cord is a little short but this thing definitely does the job .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
this always picks up their hair plus some extra .
lid is very tight ,  so i have to push it on ,  but it keeps the stuff in .
it has helped me to realize what i m wasting for energy .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
at $ it was best canner i could find .
so he got me this as a replacement .
i like variety so i picked different colors .
the mute switch is a little bit lower but is still easy to hit .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
for such a simple item this works better for me than polishing creams or stainless spray .
i have a motorola num_extend that i recently ordered and these worked on it like a charm .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i knew before i bought these that they wouldn t be super high quality ,  but i think they re fine .
of course ,  it does take some time to charge ,  but nevertheless ,  it is very useful .
for $ these headphones are a fairly good deal .
sound is clear and nice ,  though lows are not too pronounced .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
the folding style also means that it will be easy to move them to another room if you d like .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i was a little confused about the product but after reading the instructions all is well .
this num_extend inch size is perfect for small portions for one person .
the sound quality is good and so is the microphone ,  though people sometimes tell me they hear background noise .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
and kudos to amazon for great service ,  too !  .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
it s good construction hard to get the headphones in and out .
i have an older num_extend which i love .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
the quality and was better than i expected .
this is a nice alternative to a regular coat rack .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i like that this cover protects my phone and it is not too bulky at the same time .
i have been using bluetooth stereo headphones for awhile  few ear bud sony ones  . this one is pretty decent .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i also purchased a good sharpener to keep my knives sharp .
i got it a day or so after ordering it and decided to try it out asap .
i was also concerned that this pan would seem small ,  but it is nicely sized and attractive .
it is a large size for the cost .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
every once in awhile ,  i ll use a clorox wipe ,  and give it a really good wiping all over .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
i even tried it on a nokia phone that is about a year old and it worked just fine .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it s loads better than those stinky vacuum bags that i ve had to deal with in other vacuums .
this vacuum really sucks .  .  .  . but in a good way . the motor is plenty strong .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
fairly often means at least once a day .
it also has the added benefit of protecting against scratches to the screen .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
it is more of a translucent white than clear and matches freezer well .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
this is much better than the charging cable that came with my samsung captivate .
this came in a package of num_num so i m good to go for at least num_num more years !  .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
this item is great and much cheaper than buying it at best buy .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
this costs a little more than most but it is better quality by far .
the energizer dual universal usb charger works well during my first day of use .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i truthfully haven t used it yet ,  but i feel it will be worth having .
it is very basic ,  but gets the job done .
this case was very inexpensive and shipping was fast .
it s not bulky ,  it s pretty solid and blends in my car .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i love the heavy weight of them and i love the fact that they are not plastic .
i like to grind my own coffee and make it with this press .
this is the second type of clear screen protector i ve tried on my iphone ,  and it s fantastic .
i like the zipper on the side for easy access .
its very large ,  bigger than i expected ,  but it is awesome .
it helps to cover the pot to bring it to a boil .
it fit the phone nice and protected the phone ,  but i decided i needed something more stylish .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
the flush button is nice as it prevent it from getting caught on something and accidently turned on .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
i just used this for the first time and it cleaned up great .
the plastic is very durable and it does not stain .
this is a good spare charger if  and only if  your phone was designed for a num_extend charger .
it is great for meatloaf no more soggyness .
my espresso maker arrived earlier than scheduled and in excellent condition .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
my bulky sneakers and dress shoes all fit with relative ease .
it was a gift for csoomeone else and that pperson it happy with it .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
this case is just like the smokey colored one but a nice glazed blue color .
this pizza pan seemed like a good option .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
this unit also comes with a couple adapters for different plug types .
although i can recommend this coffee pot for the great coffee it makes please be warned .
you cant beat this product for the price .
i recommend it ,  just be careful of the heat issue .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
this isn t a top of the line headset but for its price its a good bargain .
its very pretty but it gets dirty really easy and its realllly hard to clean .
i m glad to have found it on amazon again .
i will buy again ,  when i need filters for the coffee maker .
yes for more money there are better pieces out there ,  but for the price this unit is very good .
i d recommend if your old one has split or cracked like mine did .
i have had no trouble with the usb ports ,  they work great .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it meets my expectations for effectiveness given the price and given what the manufacturer promised .
i was just looking for num_num but this package of num_num for a very modest price is even better .
so much so i bought a second one .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
i purchased this based on the the reviews and description of the power it has .
as long as you don t walk off out of audible range and forget about it though ,  it works well .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i got my popcorn popper today and tried it out today .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
i needed something a little bit smaller and this is perfect .
very pleased with the purchase and would gladly do business with seller again .
the fan is not horribly loud ,  it moves air and it does it with a decent amount of force .
you can t beat the value for the price .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
it works just as well and even better then the actual battery that came with the phone .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it feels a little loose but it fits well enough to get a good protection .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
the mount holds the phone firmly and is well padded to help avoid scuffs and scratches .
it s frigging annoying ,  but again ,  still worth it  .
with the right tool it makes it easier .
i add a spray of vinegar and that helps .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is easy to put on and remove .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
sound quality is pretty good ,  noise reduction could be better .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i bought these on a special sale at amazon .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it was firm but not hard and full of flavor .
it puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
i purchased this for my son and he loved it .
they re also good for cutting up certain veggies .
it fits in a small space that i wanted it in my office .
the bass packs a strong punch and plentiful ,  but not to the point where its overpowering .
they come apart easily and are are easy to clean .
i mixed up and made three waffles within num_num minutes and each one turned out great .
i wouldn t ant to do an entire laundry basket full ,  but for a few items it s great .
i found a fully working used one more than a year ago and use it intermittently .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
but it works exactly as the original version .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
the sound quality on these is much better than my samsung wired ear buds .
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping .
i was so happy when i received these .
it turned out to be the color black but its fine with me .
i got it about three months ago and i use it mostly to toast bread and bagles .
the mount looks a bit chunky but is very functional .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
but that s easy enough to deal with and probably why the price is so reasonable .
it seems a bit flimsy ,  but once mounted it is relatively solid .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
it is a little heavy but it s worth saving the phone from being ruined .
nice secure fit in the ear without the over the ear num_extend
works fine ,  though i wish i had bought a larger size .
but most of the time my phone works fine while charging .
this cable is a must if you need a replacement .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i have noticed a little dulling of the blades but still works great .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
the cable is also great for syncing with my pc .
i was actually surprise that it came with the cord as well .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
it is a replacement for my original that quite working .
i ve purchased cheap stuff before but this worked great !  have bought others since then .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
giving it num_num stars because it s a good product overall .
it will keep it pleasantly warm for over num_num hours .
the cup is portioned right with a thinning at the top which is what i was looking to get .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
although i have only used it once so far it seems like a quality product .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
i was not sure what to expect at first ,  but have been pleasantly suprised .
vendor was responsive ,  offered refund and was good to work with .
i love this phone !  it s been my favorite since i started using cell phones way back in num_extend
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
i was not sure about this one but the sound is pretty good and loud enough .
my arms are not giant ,  so it fits fine .
doesn t push up the screen protector around the edges  awesome product !  !  !  .
wish the cord was a bit longer though but works well .
but its still better than my original battery .
it is sturdy and obviously lasts a long time .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
the best part is the belt hook doesn t break off like the other ones i have purchased .
this product is nice and does the job well .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
i also read some good reviews on it .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
i will use it for a few months and update again .
when closed ,  it fits perfectly in a small zip bag .
its not the best case but it looks nice on my iphone .
i like it and it will be ordering other colors .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
my favorite ?  fresh grapefruit juice with sugar ,  fresh mint ,  and lime juice .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
i just got this in the mail a couple days ago .
for whatever reason ,  i m adverse to big or flashy headsets ,  and so this device is near perfect for me .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
this is a fabulous machine that s a bit heavier than my prior model ,  but with half the footprint .
i m not good doing this kind of stuffs but when i put on the screen ,  it just fits perfectly .
it does the job ,  cleans up easily and doesn t rust .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
this is a must if like me you dislike using those bluetooth earpieces .
i was not sure what to expect at first ,  but have been pleasantly suprised .
so right away i put this battery to the test .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
what a great way to keep my shoes !  .
i was impressed ,  and knowing it was verizon i knew my dropped call issue would go away as well .
it is easy to grab on to and find now .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
i have had them for some time now and use them often .
i don t know why this vacuum has gotten so many negative reviews but it s really worked great for me .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
she says it doesn t alter the flavor of the tea and seems to keep it fresh .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
this is a really nice usb num_extend hub .
yuck !  this does the job without getting all gunky and it rinses clean easily .
i found it helpful to read all the other suggestions and reviews on amazon .
so for me ,  this set was a good deal .
wife likes the bright color so she would not loose it easily .
i m glad to have found it on amazon again .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
this is a fairly inexpensive headset which has some nice features for the price .
it worked well for what i purchased it for ,  though i m not sure how many uses it will have .
it s kept my num_extend in basically perfect condition .
comes with a sturdy belt clip that is great for when i m working .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
great value !  to buy these in stores they want way to much money .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
easy connection to the bluetooth adaptor on my ipod ,  and with the num_extend functionality ,  they work like a charm .
i bought this product directly from amzer and received it this week .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
however ,  there is no ambiguity about this battery :  it s large ,  effective ,  versatile and well designed .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
i knew before i bought these that they wouldn t be super high quality ,  but i think they re fine .
this works as a dish washing tool holder for me .
i m surprised they still make this one and sell it .
this one is made of stainless steel and seems to be lighter .
i loved my incredible droid and only purchased a new phone because the charging port went bad .
i bought this as a gift for someone .
the controls are intuitive and easy to see .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
i will be getting another one of these .
cant beat the price for a car charger .
the plastic handle seems up to the task .
they still work great ,  but are no longer shiny .
the quality is there ,  and the locking mechanism is strong .
be sure to clean it after every use .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
waffles are baked to perfection . the one drawback is that the exterior gets really hot ,  handles included .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
this is usable ,  but not perfect for me .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
most of the other reviews are reasonably accurate .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
yes !  it takes some work to handle because it is so powerful .
the cover is flexible but feels strong enough to protect it moderately .
i found one on amazon and ordered to see whether it would make a difference .
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
i love this charger ,  it charges both the phone with a battery and a regular battery by itself .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
we tried two other brands ,  but finally got something that had the power to do the job !  !  .
this is my third case for my iphone and by far the best one to date .
well i received it and started using right away .
i like the ability to be able to buy new blades for it .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
it s lasted a good long while for me as well .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
they are a little pricey ,  but you get what you pay for .  .  . and here ,  you get quality .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
very cool silver and seems to be protective .
but it also works great for tea !  and i do really like tea .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
also great to clean around the dishwasher door where everything spills .
works perfectly ,  i use it everyday and no problems so far .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
the fit is good ,  though i m not used to a bluetooth headset going in your ear .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i purchased it with another brand extended battery and also fitted .
this can opener is better than any i have owned previously ,  but not perfect .
i liked the juice i got from this .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i found the same at walmart under the name mainstays .
use it a couple of times a week .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
i purchased this item a while back ,  but i remember that it was great item .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
after getting the purifier i noticed a difference in both those things with in a week .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
does it work ,  does it work well ,  and can i beat the hell out of it .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
much less screen glare with these . good product ,  good price . get them if you need them .
i dont own that phone anymore but it works well with my iphone .
i ve had the kinivo num_extend for about three months now and it s been a blast to use .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i prefer this for dishes such as sauces and soups .
another great thing about this grinder :  it s only a few dollars more than the manual grinders . regarding cleaning .
if so that is certainly something to consider when purchacing .
i ordered this to lighten the look of my num_extend and it does the trick .
i ve had a set of these for about num_num years now and they still look like new .
i love mine so i wanted to get her one .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
can t do that so good with this kind of can opener .
this definately comes in handy when your not at home and your phone it dying .
it also has a usb connection for charging your phone .
i bought this one as a replacement and expect it will last a long time also .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
it is a large size for the cost .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
a good inexpensive cable that works like the original .
this was super cheap and it looks nice .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
we got it a year ago and use it about once a month and it has worked well .
a bit thin ,  not the highest grade stainless steel ,  but it does the job .
aside from the fact that they fall off ,  they are very lightweight and comfortable .
come with a few different ear attachments so you can make sure you will get the right fit .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
if you decide to get this product i hope you are as pleased with the performance as i !  .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i was lucky enough to get two of these for christmas this year .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
red color is a little brighter than pictured but still nice .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
the quality is better than the ones i have bought by spending $ or more .
i hooked my dslr and i have access to the sd card that stores images .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
this is an inexpensive solution to provide protection from scratches and other issues on an htc evo screen .
the case gets in the way of the feel a little bit but the phone still functions inside it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the fan is fairly quiet even on the high setting .
the quality is what i was looking for .
i ended up getting an oster egg cooker that did the trick .
i d buy it again if i ever needed to .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
consider buying a good storage container for left overs .
i find that to be the same for me .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
good enough ,  but hardly what i d call great .
amazingly fast !  few seconds . helps a lot if you have everything clean or peeled before you start turning it num_extend
it s a nice little fan but i think i should have gotten a more powerful one .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i have the next size bigger as well and it is to large .
therefore i was looking for something that i can safely spray onto the pan ,  and this is perfect .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i got this to replace my original battery .
this was a pleasant suprise that i was not expecting .
otherwise ,  this product is excellent and i ve had no problems with it at all .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
easy to clean ,  is fairly small for the amount of liquid it contains .
plus it is a lot for the price .
looks nice though !  it was a bit tough to get situated with my screen protector on .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
this is my first new trent product that i owned and i must say this it is pretty impressive .
it is not great but it does work .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
this usb hub is perfect for using to charge all of your phones ,  ipods ,  etc in one place .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i ve had it for awhile now and the color and feel have stayed through many washings now .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
this is great at protecting the phone ,  but it ends up being a little bulky .
i did get screen protectors  tech armor  to use with it ,  which made for a good combination .
i opened up the unit and found that everything inside looks perfect .
it a not a big deal ,  but if you re kind of ocd it may bother you . great for the price .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
the entire thing is so tiny  pleasantly so in fact  ,  it took me by surprise .
i had to get used to it ,  but now that i have ,  i love it .
the flavor was stronger than my roasts usually have .
the way it feels in my hands is different .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
the sunbeam has some nice special features  see my review on that product for details  .
i use it at least twice a week .
i personally like the feel of the button as i guide my hand across it to use my phone .
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
the screen is clear enough to show a vivid num_extend
i had no trouble with sticking and it cleaned up quick and easy .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i like it but its not the best !  .
it is better than putting a cork back in a bottle .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
i m glad to have found it on amazon again .
num_num screen protectors !  !  !  !  this is a great buy ,  very good price also to protect your screen .
the difference in the way the handle turned was amazing .
i knew before i bought these that they wouldn t be super high quality ,  but i think they re fine .
i bought this knife for quartering chickens and chopping chocolate and it does very well at both .
these take a while to arrive ,  but they are very inexpensive and sound acceptable .
nowadays a lot of stuff is made in china and that provides a competitive price .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
wished i had bought one for myself as well as a gift for a friend .
took num_num orders before i got one that was not defective but it was worth the wait .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it doesn t do a whole lot ,  but what it does ,  it does well .
it also works with my mid num_num macbook pro .
this fan is a bit noisy ,  but otherwise durable .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i ordered this to add to my collection .
the flashlight is decent and provides enough light to get around .
i got this for my daughter to use in her car .
hard to clean just because of the material but well worth making anything and everything in it .
it will keep it pleasantly warm for over num_num hours .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
i wouldn t slip it into my back pocket ,  but it works nicely in a small bag or purse .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
i like the size because i can use it for a large coffee mug or a soup bowl .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
also come in a nice little pouch for storage .
the case is good but it has many flaws .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
it is very loud  similar to a blow dryer  ,  but it works quickly and well once it gets going .
so i can t complain ,  i m happy with my purchase . i feel i received a genuine battery that worked without issue .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
they looked the same ,  but they were not good quality like these on amazon !  very pleased !  .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
it s a waffle maker and it makes waffles .
a great size serving bowl to have around when a smaller bowl is not quite large enough .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
then once i did find a site they were out of stock . enjoy .
i love the fact that i can keep it in a drawer .
seems a bit pricey until you get your hands on it and see how well made it really is .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
i think i will buy another set soon .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
this is a good product that was as described in the amazon description .
super cheap for the amount i got ! great colors ,  too !  .
no worries though ,  amazon has an excellent product return service and you don t have to pay for the shipping .
this was the first headset i ever got and it was definitely worth the money .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i have otterbox on several products . thank you amazon !  .
i don t have this phone charger anymore but it worked great .
it s big and it even has a handle .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
i have an oreck for my carpeting and am very happy with it .
i ve used this knife for quite some time ,  and it s wonderful .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
it hasn t discolored ,  it still works just fine .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
i just wanted a red toaster ,  but instead i got something that does a lot more .
will put it together when i use it next .
i use this almost every night and it works great .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
the design is good and the quality seems to be in good .
this charger is amazing ,  it charged my htc phone and now it is charging my samsung note num_extend
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
this fan works great it is not as strong as our old one but it does the job .
i ve ordered multiples of these ,  and they all fit my num_extend perfectly .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
this does not charge the asus tf num_num tablet . item is great and works great .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
this cable seems to work better than other similar cables .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i paid a few extra dollars for one that got good reviews and think that that was worth it .
a little on the flimsy side but it is lightweight and i like it .
but keeping your knives sharp can be a challenge .
this unit has just enough suction to work as it was designed to work .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i believe both brands are now made in the same plant in china .
the reviews on this were a little mixed ,  but i took a shot . it was a good bet .
it has rubberized handles and very sharp blades .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
although the sound is very good it could be better .
it is very small but does a great job .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i got this particular one because it s the biggest size i could find .
it works great but the original did not last even a year before needing to be replaced .
i will probably get one for myself now too .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i think this will last for a while .
not the best out there ,  but for the price asked it is decent item .
i actually loved the headphones that come with it ,  and i am using them separately for other purposes .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
although its not as good ,  its a lot easier to use .
it works fairly well except that when going over anything but smooth terrain ,  it wobbles a bit .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
i use this wall adapter to charge my htc incredible and it works great .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
this product is described very well in the description .
is a must for my num_num yr old daughter .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
this is the perfect size for crushing those pesky meds too large to swallow .
it looks cute and the red color is vivid .
easy to use and less messy than electric can openers .
; i can recommend this item ,  although it has gotten fairly costly .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i can t imagine i got the quality product with only $
picked this one up in a thrift shop and it appeared brand new .
lite soap and water is good and i dry it asap .
is it the best ?  no ,  but its decent .
they have excellent customer service if there is a problem .
it is really cute !  !  be careful though ,  i found it to be a little slick .
these glasses don t come across as high quality ,  but on the other hand ,  they are great for the price .
it s a hard plastic case that fits well .
spend a little extra and enjoy your investment for life .
on a few occasions it was finicky about connecting to the phone but generally works fine .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i would recommend you get the version without the connector for the iphone .
i got it on a sale at under ten bucks .
got it as a replacement battery for my wife captivate .
it is fine or so i discovered and did not need a new one .
it amplifies the speakers quite well on my husbands num_extend
i found this one ,  same brand and almost the exact same look .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
i like the weight and feel although i would describe it as lighter than heavy overall .
overall it is a great mixer ,  but with a significant limitation .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
the first night i got it ,  i was amazed .
this headset is great for stereo listening in background noise levels up to a moderate street noise environment .
this grater is easier to handle than anything i ve used .
and also the design of it makes it look like it s just a part of the phone .
she does not tolerate the commercial nutrition ,  but does well with her customary food .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i always find myself pushing the ear buds in .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it is a nice thick solid wood  not plastic  with pivoting metal hanger .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
the pot is easy to clean ,  although it might be a tight fit for some dishwashers .
a little tight in my incredible num_extend but they fit .
i ve somehow chipped one of the small ones ,  though it still works fine .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i ve learned you definitely get what you pay for .
i looked and looked for this adapter and finally found it here on amazon .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
i just hope i am able to find as good a replacement !  .
i bought it for my grand daughter as a birthday gift .
a little too small for what i was expecting but good for one person .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
the case doesnt seem very thick or sturdy but it gets the job done .
i m glad i didn t go with it ,  because this one ,  for much less ,  is great .
the carafe seems to drip a lot ,  otherwise a good coffee maker .
have had mine for num_num months and it is working out well .
i got this for her and she was thrilled .
i find it hard to justify the $ price based on build quality but it does do the job .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
the case is a little loose but works good .
it s a little loud ,  so i put it in the garage ,  but it does the job .
i had to get a new blade for it ,  which was super expensive ,  but it still works great .
the blade is extremely sharp and someone could get cut grabbing it .
i am no snickering audiophile ,  but the sound is pretty good to me .
it will also last longer than other brands .
but for a normal charger it does work .
my battery used to always die on me so upgrading to the extended battery was great .
have it in my car and use it when needed .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
the cord is better than what comes with the ipad !  need an extra charger ?  this is the one !  .
hopefully it s just user error that i ll correct it ,  even so ,  it s an amazing machine .
white is a good color for this thang .
they are comfortable enough to wear for a while .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
it was a great headset and when it finally died i bought the new num_extend
the small size works great for a decent sized lunch salad .
i let the pan cool and cleaned it out really good .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the sloped edge on the stone helps keep the items somewhat on the stone .
well i charged it up and tested it out and the incoming audio was fantastic .
if you re looking for a decent slow cooker at a great price ,  this will do the trick .
it comes with a cleaning brush that gets some of the reside out .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
i ve had mine a few months ,  and so far so good .
i had to order this one online but it was well worth it !  .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
these match the other dublin glasses that i had purchased previously and are good for the price .
this is a pretty good product for its price .  . thought it would of been cheap and ripped by now .
hope it holds up to wear and tear over time .
keep the manual handy to help you get that thing on correctly .
i got these screen protectors for my htc evo ,  and am glad i did .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
the flavor was stronger than my roasts usually have .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
this was a cheap charger and works great .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it is light and that s important for me because i don t like to feel any weight at all .
i bought a set of these bowls as a gift for my parents recently .
this thing will almost fit in your wallet .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i like to keep extras around and they fit lots of different electronics .
i used the slicer attachment to slice up some cabbage ,  worked just as well as slicing it by hand .
it may seem like a lot of messing around to make it work but it was worth it .
microfiber tip is smaller and more accurate than most !  .
my only complaint is the cord is a bit short ,  but otherwise it s a good product .
other than that i would recommend this product .
this was such a great deal that i bought num_num chargers .
it s difficult to move around becuase of it s weight ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it works well and keeps the cord out of the way .
it doesn t always work that way ,  but it s a good plan .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
makes a significant difference in the taste though it takes a couple of uses to get there .
it is small and nicely attaches to cup or whatever .
its cheap but fits well without added bulk .
highly recommend to anybody who wants a great sounding pair of headphones that are not super pricey .
i have an older model that i have had for about num_num years ,  and it is still going strong .
these cables are not as good as the original cables but they work very well .
especially for the price ! i got this kettle for $ at a garage sale !  can t be beat .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i promise that i ll use it again sometime .
it s solid and a beauty even though the screen seems small this late in the game .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
and the price is allot better than the name brand one .
thank you for a wonderful product ! i am updating my previous review .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
also if your recipe has some oil in it ,  that helps .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
i like its size ,  fits on my pants  pocket .
they re made of metal though !  that surprised me  :  .
my only complaint is the cord is a bit short ,  but otherwise it s a good product .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
i bought this for that purpose and it solved the issue .
no battery lasts forever and this has held up as well as the oem .
i like the finish and make of the pan .
i think it works just the same though .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
it also fits easily in a small purse or even pocket .
i m amazed at the difference between other brands .
the device works well in a hotel room where signal is weak .
i decided to take the chance and i am so glad i did .
they are comfortable as well because the part that goes into your ear is made of rubber .
it s a good price as well . i ll have to order another one because i left mine in the hotel room .
i ve had this cdn digital unit now for about num_num yrs now ,  and it has worked fine .
it does get pretty warm if you use it for more than a minute .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
this is a great multi bluetooth headset use it with my htc num_extend and zumo num_num its all great .
so much better than the small one that broke .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
it has everything i needed and a couple  extra  things that i may or may not need or use .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
got this case for my iphone ,  and glad i did .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
it is a little bit of a tight fit in my iphone num_extend but it works .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
the armband is a great addition to my workout program .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
the plastic seems to be holding rubber firmly in place while in contrast the rubber is great for gripping .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i wash it by hand because i also want the pan to look its best for a long time .
you have to move it a little bit to the side to make it fit .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
the spoon spatula makes a great tool for stirring and scraping ,  even tasting .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i bought this as a gift for my son .
the rubber feels pretty good in my hand .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
it actually has two separate speakers which delivers actual stereo sound ,  quite loudly ,  i might add .
and ,  they look so much better than my old ones .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
still works after num_num monthsworth the $ i bought it for . get this if u need it ,  good value .
i hope they will last a little longer .
all i can say ,  great headset ,  can t even tell it s in your ear .
this newer version has rotating brushes and super suction compared to the older one .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
great product the only thing is i can t tell when you need to charge it .
i was pleased to see that you can step by step video instructions right on the hoover web site .
i probably use them every day and i love them .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i ve found this to be true with heavy items like cordoroy or heavy cotton items .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
the material is a little flexible making it a breeze to attach and remove them .
any screen protector that would have come with it would be useless ,  anyway . the fit is very good .
it s much better than my old one i used to have .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
not an issue for me ,  but didn t expect the screw to bulge out the way it does . otherwise very satisfied .
i purchased a new unit ,  brought it home ,  and opened the box .
besides ,  replacing a battery is a lot of hassle . i liked the shape and how it fits in my hand .
i was able to listen to music with it and make phone calls .
i purchased this fan a few years back .
the easy go handle is nice although i leave it on the counter for now .
best of all it worked with my num_extend controller .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
it s also inexpensive so it s a good price value tradeoff .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
this phone is amazing after the ics upgrade .
for the price this is an excellent alternative to buying oem battery .
but its still better than my original battery .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
camera is awesome ,  video camera is even better .
it may be made in china ,  but it seems to be holding up .
the spout prevents most spills  if you pour it reasonably carefully  ,  and a comfortable handle .
it is a decent size ,  not too big .
it is not great but it does work .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
nothing bad about the product ,  worth the money .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this one is made of stainless steel and seems to be lighter .
the ,  i got smart and paid $ for a good ,  reliable product .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
the best part is it was only like $
i ve been baking for over num_num years and know a good pan when i see one .
i did have an extension  usb on each end  ,  that makes it practical . best use .
do use the hoover detergents ,  works much better than others i have tried .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
it does a great job grinding the beans ,  even flavored ,  very oily dark roast ,  the bane of most grinders .
i bought this about four years ago and have used it several times .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
protects my screen from all the knicks and scatches just right .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
got this to put all my games and a few bluerays .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i also like that it can be converted to a usb connector and used with your computer .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
it s a nice case ,  and i absolutely loved how it fit and looked .
i am not usually a fan of single function appliances ,  but this one is worth it .
i use it for many things while cooking .
my first cup which was drank with a certain amount of apprehension was just eye opening good .
the salesman at verizon recommended this ,  so i bought one from amazon .
it isn t the best for bicycle riding ,  but works well .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
i bought this to record quality audio ,  and because of its noise canceling properties .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
they are comfortable ,  not too bulky and that is what i like most about them .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
this is the best !  i am a little peculiar about drinking water .
not a high tech high end product ,  but is lightweight and easy to use .
gotta love something that lasts nearly num_num years  :   .
bought this for my brother after getting mine .
this charger is well constructed and the charge lasts for a long time .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
very tricky to open and put on and take off ,  good for the price .
the nuetral color is great ,  and doesn t show flour dust .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
i was pleased to find out that i could buy one here at amazon .
that was my goal for cordless headphones ,  but i can t find a good pair .
it s pricey but if you want a good headset than it s worth it .
i do have cereal in them and it works just fine .
this item is much better than the one i got with my phone .
it took about a week to come in but it was worth the wait .
i bought this because it appeared simple and strong .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
i don t often rave about a product ,  but this one deserves it .
i already had a solid honing steel by a well known german knife maker .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
i found this one ,  same brand and almost the exact same look .
this one is great for that but is not as sharp as my other one .
i finally found it in a department store for $
hard to get all the bubbles out ,  but they protect the phone well .
this unit definitely does the job but it is quite flimsy and it is very noisy .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
the trick is to have the dough the proper consistency .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
my first cup which was drank with a certain amount of apprehension was just eye opening good .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
a nicely designed and stylish headset ,  not the best for extremely windy environments though .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
works incredibly well; whereas with the original battery i had to recharge it mid day ,  this one last .
finally ,  after exhaustive reviewing i made the best purchase of all :  this model .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i will buy another when the time comes .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
this thing spins so fast and for so long after a few pushes of the button ,  it s amazing .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it is not great but it does work .
the sound quality is good for the price ,  but not audiophile quality .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i d rather not have a cover on my phone ,  but if i must ,  this one does the trick .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i am satisfied with this less expensive earbuds .
i would buy it again at this price .
i got this as a gift for my mom .
my kid likes to get into the sugar .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
got this espresso maker when my old one broke .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
the foam is not as long lasting as i would like ,  but it is really just fine .
it doesn t quite feel like leather .  .  . maybe something like hard pleather ,  but it definitely feel quality .
i had an iphone num_extend with the similar case and was pleased with it .
it crushes without much effort ,  and it cleans up easily .
i ve tried it twice and it does work .
i m glad that i got it here on amazon .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
i used this for the first time today and found it very functional ,  although a little loose fitting .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
it has a professional feel about it and has remained sharp although i bought the sharpener with it .
i was super happy i received a new battery because my previous battery life wasn t cutting it for me .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
this looks just like the old one but is better .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
the price on this kit is good compared to others .
on the whole ,  i find ironing safer and simpler with the panasonic cordless iron .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this works best with a coarse grind ,  and that s almost impossible to get with the little blade grinders .
i ve used several brands and this is the best and most powerful .
but nice enough to leave out on your counter if you must .
ive been searching for something that offers decent protection ,  fits properly ,  but also looks somewhat sharp .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
we own the rechargeable version of this as well .
i got this t keep in the car for emergencies .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i was surprised to find a battery as inexpensive as this one that actually held a charge .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
also it can also make the items liquidy .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
i love my pro num_num ka stand mixer .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
for any price this is a very useful accessory .
i don t care for that as i paid for new merchandise but the unit has performed well so far .
this is a relatively simple item ,  available in many stores .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
it was refreshing to try the water after a new filter .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price .
had i not found the discount i would definitely have reordered from amazon !  both purchases were shipped very timely .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i ve had this about a month and use it often .
i am using it with slippers and it just perfect .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
as far as reliability ,  i can t give the bodum a good rating .
so nice to not have to spray them and make a bigger mess !  .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it fits great and doesn t make the phone too big .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
it works well but i wish it had a micro usb plug to charge it .
the entire thing is so tiny  pleasantly so in fact  ,  it took me by surprise .
this is the knife that took me from a beginner to a pro .
the iphone has great graphics and nice applications ,  but is a pretty basic device .
i ordered these several years ago and i am still finding many uses for them .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i ordered this replacement and it was simple to install .
i used it on the bad areas of the carpet and they looked great .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
thanks for helping me clear my home of dust .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
thank you for a wonderful product ! i am updating my previous review .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
works really well !  i has a rubber cover with a hard plastic piece that snaps onto it .
it worked out nice ,  since i only wanted num_extend
it s good to use when you get a difficult can to open .
i lost couple of rolling balls when installing it but overall easy to use .
i forgot how good fresh popped popcorn tasted with just a little butter and salt .
just wipe it with a paper towel and you re done . perfectly consistent .
the locking mechanism is a wonderful addition to keep closed when not in use .
excellent weapon too or you can drop it on enemies from trees and win even easier .
i ve used it inside and in the car with good results .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
very good product ,  phone was able to last around num_num hours on this battery .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
i just got this and used it for the first time .
i ve been using this item for a few weeks now and it is very effective .
it allows you to hear the text you have received and also allows you to speak your text response .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
i was quite surprised to see so many poor reviews .  .  . i love this toaster .
i do use it on the stovetop sometimes as well as in the oven .
not much to say about this product but it works ,  it is not heavy but is durable .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
it s a little snug with the sleeve ,  but easy enough to put in and take out .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
some pictures make it look black ,  but it is actually a deep metallic pewter color .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
great entertainment for my num_num year old too .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i would purchase again from this seller in the future !  .
a and it is very inexpensive !  i really like it .
it worked perfect while i had my phone !  never had any issues with it at all .
it does allow for the versatility of using a small wireless unit as source .
nice to have replacement parts that fit to a t and do what they re supposed to do .
just right for a toaster oven which is where mine resides .
my arms are not giant ,  so it fits fine .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
great little thing to have !  it doesn t weigh much .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
i gave a try online and i found this .
make sure you clean your screan really good .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
i got this to replace my old one .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it is much better than the other brand .
i wasn t sure how well i d like it but it does the job .
i bought num_num more for my sisters ,  i love my new toy .  .  . oops tool ;   .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
still better than buying $ ones that keep breaking though .
looking forward to many cups of whatever i decide to grind .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
my husband does not like it and said it looks cheap but it does the job pretty good .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i read all the reviews and based my decision on the great reviews this product got .
this kind of brush is great for that .
how ever it does look nice once you put it on .
i don t do shortbread very often ,  but i love this shortbread pan .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i add a little stevia and fruit or other flavorings ,  stir it up and enjoy !  .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
bought this to grind down my dog s pills ,  works like a charm .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i had no trouble with sticking and it cleaned up quick and easy .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
this usb charger is just what i needed .
i just opened my new silverware and was pleasantly surprised by the weight and shine of the pieces .
the handle is extremely sturdy and has a plastic grip ,  so it can be slippery at times .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i was initially concerned the motor might not hold up to the task ,  but it performed beautifuly .
i m happy to report i have had no issues at all .
i noticed a difference in the quality of sound .
these are nice good price however a couple were scratch and the colors are not the same .
it is somewhat messy ,  but it does the job .
simple to use ,  i like strong coffee and put in one and half scoops of java .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
the shape of the glass makes a difference ,  too .
great find for me ,  as the original bowl for my food processor broke .
i was actually surprise that it came with the cord as well .
do not press to hard as you can break the egg but its easy to clean .
and i got grounds in my cup too .
sometimes that means top brands and top prices ,  sometimes there are bargains that excell .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
the extra loop on the ear bud covers helps  lock  it into position .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
excellent product . i would recommend this to other people . great value and great price . excellent srevice . i like black and decker products .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i ordered one from amazon back in num_extend and was very pleased when it arrived .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
cable charges and syncs perfect with iphone num_extend
it is larger in person than it looks in photos .
otherwise ,  they are good for making fruit leather .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
have used this product several times in the past and have been pleased every time .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
it hold a charge ,  doesn t take too long to charge and works well .
we ended up putting it in for another num_num seconds and it was about perfect .
i got tired of always tripping over the cord of my old headphones . the sound quality is very good .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
it s slightly expensive for what you get ,  but it works .
it is lightweight and not bulky ,  and for the price it was a steal .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i ordered these for the holidays and gave some to the family .
got this to replace my worn out model .
actually ,  it s probably more delicious now that i am using actual butter on it .
i had purchased some other ones that were not compatible and this one does the job .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
the opening is big enough to easliy clean out .
the sound quality is good for the price ,  but not audiophile quality .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
i like riding a bike or walking briskly .
i am on a diet and it is great to be able to eat popcorn without all the calories !  .
for this great price i thought it was worth a try .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
to that i got this response :  thank you for your response .
as always dealing with amazon was quick and painless .
i got it free with another product i bought .
i also ordered a new case directly from them at the same time .
i got this item on one of the lightening deals for $ and couldn t be happier .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i was happy to receive this product ,  since i had been considering buying one for awhile .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
so nice !  !  ! and the sound is not too loud .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
the best part is it was only like $
but after saying all of that ,  i love this case .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
nice charger ,  does the job without using your phone s usb port .
it works great and has never given me a problem .
it had a couple of small bubbles but has held up very well since then .
cheap , solid , kickstand ,  easily removable ,  protects lenses cant see in picture but lenses are below the cases cover line  and not bulky .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
pros : definitely ,  the most powerful vacuum i ve ever used .
it has nice rolled edges to keep it from warping .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
i was very happy that they came in a num_num pack because num_num just really isn t enough .
yes this seems like a lot of work but it is well worth the effort .
i like the small size and light weight .
this charger is good enough to charge an iphone num_num about num_num times .
it is nicer to look at than the picture indicates .
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining .
gives a nice toasty flavor though which i like so not a bad purchase for the price .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
there s not much protection to this case ,  but it looks good .
i already had a set ,  and i got another one .
it can fit many devices ,  at least my iphone .
this pan is a little bigger than i thought as well .
i ve been using these headphones for a few months now and i love them .
it keeps my floors cleaner than mopping ,  etc .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
it usually only leaves a couple of kernels unpopped . highly recommended !  .
my fiance and i received this as a wedding gift .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
this made it easier to get the bubbles out .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
this works well for me in my office .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
having wasted my money on num_num previous pieces of junk ,  i am very impressed with this lux product .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
i just use the regular coffee but its still good .
i have had it over a year now .
i bought this case to add a little extra something to my phone .
i liked this knife due to its ease of sharpening and its flexibility .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
not the biggest ,  or highest quality  definitely not commercial grade  but great utility item to have in a kitchen .
a recommended but for the price and value .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
this thing is so sharp that just grazing your finger with it can cut you .
it s really hard to describe how good it sounds .
i bought a nice plantronics and it was nice for a while .
it won t last as long as a seidio ,  but for the price ,  it is a great battery .
is it the best ?  no ,  but its decent .
this product took care of that problem for me .
i got this in stores for num_num us dollars and it is amazing .
they offer good music quality with a few quirks and marginal call quality .
it works well for small amounts ,  about half of a french bread loaf .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
i couldn t afford a new one and found this rebuilt one here at amazon .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
it works great ,  i ve noticed no odd smells that others have complained about .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
it s great ,  i love it ,  but the handle is too short for my liking .
the fact that it is cordless is also very convienent .
this is great in every way except that it doesnt really keep coffee hot all that long .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
this knife is really ,  really sharp and holds an edge well .
the bristles are just the right length and unlike other brushes i ve used before ,  they don t flatten out .
if this is made in china ,  they are making nice products that are affordable to the rest of us .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
the earpiece isn t too big where it hurts your ear and the button work is easy .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
so this is a good ,  no so quick charger .
comes in very handy to not have another cheap usb adapter piece that can break .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
it s not a perfect solution ,  but it works .
i use a standard num_extend paint brush ,  and that seems to work pretty well .
the coffee brews quickly and you should use a good fine grind .
i have a protective cover on my iphone num_extend and it fits in great .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i went with the comments of the other reviewers ,  and they seem to be right .
i know it shouldn t ,  but i am still surprised when a product performs better than i expect .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
they are flexible without being floppy ,  durable without being too stiff .
its not the pink they show its more like a dark magenta but its still pink and cute .
the battery still is wonderful ,  but the plastic cover isn t the most durable .
i love these ,  have bought other brands and they break in a few months .
it charges and that is all i cared about when i needed it .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it makes a very good cup of coffee but i must warn that it is very hot .
this was a while ago  ,  but it is good .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
be sure to thoroughly clean the filter after each use .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i gave some to the dog and she was pretty happy .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i was able to find it on amazon ,  brand new ,  unlocked ,  for $
i have had this espresso maker for about num_num years now and still works greats .
and that has impressed me when calling places like dell tech support and talking for hours .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
worked pretty good with my samsung num_extend and now works ok with my lg num_extend
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
i bought two and they both works great .
i find styli with clips are awkward and hard to hold so this stylus is a joy to use .
i like that it is made out of metal rather than plastic .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
it conducts heat so well that low heat is all that s needed .
one side gets the edge just right and starts if off and the other side hones it .
great little extra back up battery for the price !  ! i have and iphone num_extend bought two of these .
other than that it was a good experience .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
if you re going to get one  and you should spurge a little and get a nice one .
you need it ,  you know it ,  now buy it .
got this to replace my worn out model .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
this has been a great tool in my bag for quite some time .
nice !  i needed a second bluetooth and ordered this one .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it has a powerful motor to do the job efficiently .
i have used mine to store asparagus with the ends in water to keep it fresh .
you get what you pay for ,  served me well .
i like it better than the plastic or aluminum ones they sell .
definately has the cuisinart quality ,  get it on sale and be happy . my only quibble is cleaning the thing .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i was surprised by the size when it arrived .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
overall ,  considering the low cost of this vacuum ,  it s a great deal .
comes with a neat cloth bag to put it in .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
i ve owned a few motorola products and this one delivers just like the rest .
i lined it up and installed it into the studs and it is very sturdy .
got this to replace my worn out model .
it is as simple as making instant coffee .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
my arms are not giant ,  so it fits fine .
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
well worth the price  even without the free shipping availability  .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
the charger has a soft blue light that tells you it has power .
no driver disc or software to mess with is great .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the headset has modern features that your older headsets may lack .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
it worked fine for just over a year .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
thgis was so great that i bought num_extend
besides the design being a little obtrusive ,  it works .
i bought one of these to blend soups and smoothies .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
this is one of those old technology that actually works well in modern life .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
this product took care of that problem for me .
it s easy to put together and take apart .
it s got a nice matte coating to it which feels nice .
nothing beats a gas stove top and a good heavy wok !  .
but not bad for all the time it worked well .
this works better than the other screen protectors i have tried .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
i got this to replace my old one .
they work great and i purchased num_num pairs .
i have a sturdier set that i like better ,  but then they are quality and were $
i got this belt to replace the one i melted   !   .
hi ! i got this for my samsung infuse with the extended battery and cover for when i ll be out awhile .
i use this wall adapter to charge my htc incredible and it works great .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
looks just like the one in the photo as well .
i will admit that i have no experience with other calphalon products but this one feels sturdy to me .
i use this for the first time the other day and what a great product .
this is a very good phone with lots of extra features ,  but it s not perfect .
but amazon is so great with the return process that it wasn t a big deal .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
i feel like the price was reasonable for what i purchased .
i eventually cut it off and shaved down the sharp corners and it was good to go .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
just bought this one because the filters were cheap and it is a popular item .
i think i will buy another set soon .
i really like that more than half the milk is sealed up until i need it .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
i also can enjoy adding my own spices .
this lets me power up anything with a usb connection .
i found one on amazon and ordered to see whether it would make a difference .
a little tight in my incredible num_extend but they fit .
it has everything i needed and a couple  extra  things that i may or may not need or use .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
i forgot how tasty freshly popped corn can be .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
it is slightly smaller than i had hoped ,  but it turns out to be a convenient size .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
it is not the fanciest grinder but for the money it is well worth it .
i got this for my phone  htc mytouch  .
i link mine to my ipad mostly ,  and on occasion with my iphone  ,  either way they work beautifully .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i def like these better then the typical glossy screen protector .
it works well with up to num_num paired devices  can do num_num at a time  .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
i liked having this vacuum as an everyday pick up .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
exactly what i need for my samsung galaxy ii .
it doesn t do a great job of protecting it ,  but gives it a very sleek look and feel !  .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
alot of dust get in those spots . the attached screen protector is neat .
i purchased it with another brand extended battery and also fitted .
my microwave is num_num years old and doesn t have a turning table but this microwave turntable works great .
i was having pain in my coccyx and this definitely helped alleviate the pain .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i m pleased with the product . i would buy again ,  very cheap and good price .
i would buy this product again and prefer it over a cuisinart .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
the thing i like best about this item is it is large .
i got these because the price was nice and they looked like they would be ok .
i ve owned a lot of carpet cleaners over the years ,  and this is the best so far .
i was able to pair it with my iphone and send faxes .
finding it in amazon was a blessing ,  i just love it .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
if tea is something you drink then get it ,  it s worth the risk .
one cup at a time is fine for me .
and it shuts it self off which is a good feature .
it also fits in my desktop charging dock which i like to use .
but i added two more ounces and the mug held these as well .
finding a way to use the long arms to hold the actual phone can also be a challenge .
i am not usually a fan of single function appliances ,  but this one is worth it .
comes with a neat cloth bag to put it in .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
and it was brand new fresh off from the package it come in !  .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
maybe not quite as much ,  but it s fine .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the coffee is good and it works quickly ,  but it has a few grounds .
i like these much better than the bb headsets ,  which are always falling apart .
it s really nice that paper towels no longer occupy valuable counter space .
it does disperse the heat fairly well though .
i was so happy when i received these .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i d happily pay more for a really well made version of this .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
my daughter loves to entertain and didnt have a mellon baller so i ordered this for her .
the blade seems a bit safer and easier to handle for cleaning .
charging the num_extend takes a reasonable amount of time .
i got this for my old vac . fits fine ,  works ,  i have a spare ,  life is good .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
i got this headset because it promises noise cancellation .
you can t can on this type of stove !  i found this out after several tries .
this knife is very reliable ,  however there are times when it feels a little too big ,  or heavy .
my daughter and best friend love hot chocolate and when i saw this couldn t help but order it .
you have to insert them well into your ear .
it was a few years old and well used .
works well and i have num_num devices paired to it .
i was so happy when i received these .
the real color was darker than the picture but is cute too .
i also love that the power automatically cuts off once the device being charged is full .
it fits nicely in the outlet ,  certainly not flush but not jutting out too far .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
the vinegar cleans great and the smell goes away .
i got this for my wife s smaller hands .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
this is fine as i prefer a slightly stronger brew .
i got a replacement shipped to me and it works well .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i love to bake and was looking for some cute baking cups to use for cupcakes .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
i was weary about this but so far it has lived up to expectations .
the num_extend is a nice upgrade from the num_num mah model i purchased previously ,  due to the increased power .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it seems to be a little slower than my regular charger ,  but works good .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the other reviewers are exactly right about the drips and leaks .
i loved that there was more than num_num in each package .
not too bulky ,  but you can feel your phone is protected .
low light was a little grainy ,  but still good with the flash .
purchased it as a gift but ended up keeping it for myself .
if you do a lot of cooking then this is the pot for you .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
there are two other issues that are also worth mentioning .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i purchased the iphone num_extend  which this case claims to fit  and it works really well .
this has given me a new lease on life; and ,  already ,  my skin tone has improved .
i have to say i m shocked at the quality .
the cup has to be small but as it turned out i had one that fits great .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
they are inexpensive and work well and look as good as a more expensive versions .
although i have not put it through its paces ,  so far ,  so good .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
it is able to charge my phone in under an hour .
my mom loved it so it was agreat product .
this charger works wonderful !  i have had no problems out of it and it serves the purpose .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
will put it together when i use it next .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
also works for the new iphone num_num and ipad withretina display .
i got this set on a gold box special for under $
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
this is great for loose tea or as i have been experimenting with ,  is cold coffee .
this adapter works with every connector i have .
i love to be able to read the reviews to help me make up my mind .
the headset is comfortable to wear for long periods .
recommend as a cheap and good quality product .
idk !  the price was good for a quick replacement for something i already have and use everyday .
it keeps liquids warm without being on direct heat .
nice to have replacement parts that fit to a t and do what they re supposed to do .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
i have also found the solution for these bottles having no caps .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it was very easy and quick to remove .
i own this product for about a year now .
it works perfectly ,  have had it at least a month now with no issues .
its good but not great considering what else is available at this price point .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
much better than i d expected for the price .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
voice control works great . i tested the wave with my blackberry bold num_num and my iphone num_extend
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
works just like the one that came with my phone .
now if only it were possible to get rid of my keys !  recommended .
this is much better than the charging cable that came with my samsung captivate .
it is a pleasure to use ,  i feel like i have a new favorite toy .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
it does a good job on the three different samsung batteries i have .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
while very effective at filtering grounds it give the coffee a slightly earthier  ?   taste than the paper filters do .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
i wouldn t buy anything else . the one knife i still have is as good as the day i bought it .
didn t give much protection but it did look nice !  .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
i got this and didn t expect it to last very long but it is still going after a year .
i needed this charger for my car ,  it works well for me .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
it is a nice case and protects the phone well ,  however my wife is not fond of the color .
the cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the build quality is a little on the cheap side ,  but never broke and works well .
i like its size ,  fits on my pants  pocket .
so i received my popper quickly and the packaging was great .
i took off one star for no volume rockers ,  everything else is good .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
i ve had this for quite some time and use it often .
i ve made popcorn in it both with and without oil ,  and either pops beautifully .
i took them right back and got another pair .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is very useful as i hate holdind my phone to my ear .
these are just what they look like and perform well just like other corelle .
it worked well for what i purchased it for ,  though i m not sure how many uses it will have .
if one happens to need it ,  presto has usa based customer service ,  as well .
used for months and it is still going strong .
great value !  to buy these in stores they want way to much money .
and it works great for slices of vegetables for salad as well .
works great . the eggs need just a little bit of water to come out right . the one con is cleanup .
i also enjoy using this for streaming audio ,  which works great in the car ,  or with bluetooth headphones .
these pots keep coffee hot for over an hour .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
the design is good ,  and the adapter goes sideways when plugged into an outlet .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
the coffee is good and it works quickly ,  but it has a few grounds .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
this is a good cable for uploading data to phone .
i think it is time for a new one !  .
i got these because the price was nice and they looked like they would be ok .
mkae sure you wash it well after each use .
this is my third num_extend and i love it .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
have it in my car and use it when needed .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i thought it was too good to be true at this price ,  but it is the real deal .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
i thought this was going to be a cheap piece of junk ,  but it is actually nice .
maybe not quite as much ,  but it s fine .
it s what i was looking for and it s good ,  but i d not call it great .
though it is not very stable but it is usable .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
a good inexpensive cable that works like the original .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
this is a heavy product  literally ,  in a good way  .
it s not exactly the same color as the picture but still a good case nonetheless .
it a bit thicker so i can get a good grip .
until i get a stand mixer ,  this is a good temporary substitute .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
may not be for everyone ,  but i like it .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
i know that these are $ but i think that they re worth the money .
i recommend using coconut oil with this for best flavor that s also healthier than butter .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
this screen protector is just a wee bit better than the zagg protectors .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
if you need this product buy with confidence .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it feels a little flimsy but it does the trick .
i ve only used it for a little bit ,  but the feel is good .
i have never used one of these  .  .  .  . it worked well .
unless you are a real coffee snob this is a good and reasonably priced coffee machine .
i got it free with another product i bought .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
it can make some really strong coffee and not lose any of the flavor for the good expensive types .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i saw this one on sale and the features listed in the product details caught my interest .
definitely not as good as oem ,  but it is functional .
its good for alot of things has num_num functions .
great for when i m out and need to charge the ipod .
i first thought i didn t like it but after using a few times it was the best choice .
i don t have a lot of room to store all different sizes ,  so this works great !  .
i was not sure about this one but the sound is pretty good and loud enough .
while using it still !  also recharges from a car charger in about one hour .
its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy .
good battery life ,  comfortable ear piece but be careful ,  it is a bit fragile .
the battery life has been more than adequate for my very light usage .
it is not as padded as i would like but it s nicely made and very roomy .
these are great !  my ears are not identical between left and right .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
now i use it at least once a week .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
well worth the money spent ,  but be prepared to wait for shipping if it s coming from another country .
but other then that the cocomotion is great . i have warmed other concoctions like hot apple cider ,  capuccino .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
but if you just want it stuck on your arm ,  it works !  .
its easy to get off and stays on when needed .
so inexpensive and you get num_num pieces  nicely packaged num_extend
these bags are the perfect size for a few items ,  not too much .
you ve been told !  other than moving the thing ,  this machine is quite simple to use .
this one is good stay away from the other .
non of the num_extend series headset had this nice feature .
i have to admit ,  i was not expecting great results with so little effort ,  but it worked perfectly .
exactly what i wanted ,  with the exception of the size .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i found this one ,  same brand and almost the exact same look .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
the case is easy to put on and remove .
i bought it as new and i received it in new conditions .
the crust was much thicker and very hard ,  but the bread still tasted delicious .
it won t last as long as a seidio ,  but for the price ,  it is a great battery .
these are the cheapest priced yet most well made products i ve ever come across .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
i got these because of the rating and price point .
it s not as reflective as in the picture ,  but it did it s job .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
it s not the sturdiest thing i ve ever owned in my life ,  but it gets the job done .
looks great ,  freaked out at first thought it was a sticker .
while not for everyone ,  it s a great product in the right settings .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
better than some of the others out there .
i can t believe i got it for such an affordable price . i almost paid $ for another fancy brand .
this works well to keep soap dry and not have so much mess to clean up .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i bought the new trent igeek num_extend about a year ago and i love it .
my arms are not giant ,  so it fits fine .
just bought a new one to have a new one .
it has a nice large grip for my big hands .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
overall ,  the product is good but i really like it due to the tripod mount .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
this battery just barley gets me through the day but it does it .
i use it to clean counter tops as well .
i don t care for that as i paid for new merchandise but the unit has performed well so far .
can t beat the price !  an extra battery for the power hungry num_extend is a must .
it s not thin ,  just a nice weighted feel without being too heavy .
i was happy with the price being decently cheap and it does it s job .
lots of suction power ,  and thanks to the new  cyclonic action  ,  the filter pretty much cleans itself .
the other week i hopped into a tractor and tried this out and it still worked fantastically well .
i do prefer a heftier blade ,  the oxo is pretty bent up ,  but it does work .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
the sound was never quite perfect on them ,  but cutting the cord made it worthwhile .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
i love the adjustable blades but the gasket makes it hard to clean .
keeps the phone safe from an accidental drop .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it takes a good amount of pressure to squeeze the handles to work effectively .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
it also lends itself to a retro look .
they are perfect for a cat s canned food .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
you will enjoy the purchase if you have an num_extend
will put it together when i use it next .
i sleep better now than i have ever have .
it s easy to use and a lot less messy than sputtering bacon in a skillet .
the materials are good quality and are very easy to clean .
i bought this to use with my new mr .
i just had buy another scoop for my cookies and this is a good one .
you have to add a lot of fruit to get a decent amount of juice .
she does not tolerate the commercial nutrition ,  but does well with her customary food .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i like to have extra protection inside my otter box and this is the way to go .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
i thought at num_num pounds it would not be heavy enough but it works just fine .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i bought this for my daughter and myself .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i was surprised to get this as this reasonable price .
came packaged very well ,  nothing broken or damaged .
this does the job but it is very big in size .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
there are some good features with this num_extend
the case does not provide protection to the screen ,  but does look very nice .
for a kid is so good because you can download games .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
i have larger hands which are also strong .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
verizon wanted almost $ dollars for this battery i got it for under $ and it is new .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i have only used it one time ,  but i was extremely happy that i had it .
i found the amplification to be good at times and at other times i noticed no difference .
i thought this was a great price to start replacing some of my plastic storage ware .
this stone has served it s purpose thus far .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining .
when i found this at amazon i was thrilled .
good value . i don t own a dishwasher so i cannot speak to how it holds up to a dishwashing machine .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i like it so much that i thought i would try mr .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
the box has a good cutter ,  which makes it more convenient .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
it seems a bit flimsy ,  but once mounted it is relatively solid .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i love the retractable part so i dont have cable all over the place .
as for the strap ,  the velcro holds it on your arm nicely .
it almost looks like a toy ,  it is so cute .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
one thing that really helped me was to use scotch tape .
touchscreen works well ,  although the buttons are still a bit less sensitive than without the protector .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
i got it for display and brewing kombucha so it fits my needs .
the cord is plenty long enough with a gfi on it which is nice .
so ,  this is beautiful ,  made of stanless steel ,  it s a piece of art ,  really .
works well ,  especially needed now that i m getting some arthritis in my hands .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
for the price ,  this is a decent waffle iron .
they are a nice large size ,  but aren t too big .
their items are too expensive ,  but they are nice .
i ve tried it twice and it does work .
i like this :  the size and the shape .
i really enjoy using this solar panel ,  made well ,  good charging ability ,  portable ,  many other good qualities .
i d give it a try and see if it works for you .
i can t imagine i got the quality product with only $
i personally like the phone a little bigger .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i purchased num_num screen protectors from num_num different companies and this was the best of all .
also  ,  great to get rid of any smells as well .
now that we don t ,  we don t use it any more but i d recommend for pet owners .
their thin shape makes them easy to store .
i have found few uses for bags this small .
i ordered this case and was absolutely thrilled .
the asssembly instructions are a little confusing but it is honestly easy to figure out without any instructions .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
putting it together is a little bit tedious ,  but very doable with patience .
it is not great but it does work .
i might recommend the black over the white just bcs it looks nicer .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this item is easy to use ,  unlike the electric knife sharpener i own .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
the flashlight also is a nice feature although i wish it were brighter .
i make tea and oatmeal for breakfast and this made my life easier .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
i have a samsung and it works ,  as well as a lg optimus g .
not a lot of frills with the thing ,  but it is easy to use .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it was great !  i have problems with my back so a regular vacuum is a nightmare for me .
good quality does cost more ,  so i buy it anyway .
well made but still need a smaller one .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
you can t beat that !  i will be ordering a new one .
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
its worth the buy and i m considering buying another one in a different color as well .
these headphones are really inexpensive and they have not disappointed me so far .
this grinder is a bit easier to clean .
very powerful that charges my iphone at least num_num times .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i returned the product for a new one and so far the second one has held up much better .
if you ve got money to burn ,  it s probably worth it .
this is quite a bit heavier than i expected  good  .
great price and i will be buying again and again .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
we just received this coffee maker ,  and so far so good .
a little gurgly at the brew end ,  but i actually enjoy that .
i like the look and feel of these headphones .
i prefer the corded sets ,  they just seem to have a better sound quality .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
it has helped me to realize what i m wasting for energy .
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well .
not too great of a product but looks great .
everything good except it is hard to thoroughly clean all the inside groove and nooks .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
i like it enough to send one to my dad .
i ended up liking these even more then i thought i would .
i got this with christmas gifts in mind .
this is all you need and it will handle it all .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
this is a car charger that is super small and wonderful .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
easy to install and made to fit perfect for my iphone num_extend
yes ,  i know canned soup is bad for you but it s great for a quick dinner and clean up .
it is actually made better than i expected .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
so it definitely lasts longer than the stock battery that i had in there .
i ordered this and it arrived in a few days .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
it works great for this ,  however ,  i hardly use it like that .
others are more expensive but not any better ,  this one is great for coffee lovers like myself .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
it works great for that . if i had to grind meat ,  i d prefer my old hand cranked metal grinder .
i found this much easier to clean after use than my royal .
i recommend these to anyone else who has a num_extend or num_extend
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
destroyed one side of my cutting board with this exquisite device .
i recommend it for iphone num_num or num_extend
another factor is value ,  which to me is what you get for the price .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
what can you say about a vacuum bag ?  it fits ,  and it works just fine .
i tried the num_extend port ,  and the usb headset port while charging and all is good .
it does exactly what it is supposed to do without a lot of bells and whistles .
i hang it in my closet ,  and it s been helping to keep things organized .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
it really helps with sticking and clean up afterwards .
it also blocks out background noise as well .
i have bought this item a few times .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
have had ours now for over a year .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
i love this ,  been using for about num_num or num_num years .
hope this battery helps me improve on that !  .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
i bought a few of them to give as gifts .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
i got this for my wife to upgrade her num_extend mini pro .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
for the price you cannont best this car charger !  .
the quality is good ,  if not the best .
recommended for anyone looking for a replacement battery .
i use it more for movies on my device rather then phone calls so it works great for me .
the rubber part is smooth unlike other ones ive purchased elsewhere .
i was even more thrilled when i got it .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
worked very well on my microwave that didn t have a turntable .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
wonderful !  !  !  if mine ever breaks ,  i ll be getting another one .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
first ,  it is a great deal !  i had a more expensive motorola and it didn t have the sound clarity .
no complaints ,  it showed up on time ,  is good quality ,  and packaging was sufficient .
stands your phone up right and charges it .
this phone is reliable ,  even though i have crashed it more then once ,  okay a lot more .
nowadays a lot of stuff is made in china and that provides a competitive price .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
absolutely worth the ten bucks that i paid for it .
we got it because we had a small invasion of mice .
i got this to replace my old one .
the material has a firm soft rubber feel .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
it is nice that the microphone is on the short end putting it closer to the mouth .
i bought this unit about one year ago .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
this case isn t a perfect fit ,  but it does the job .
i ve had one of these for a couple of months and so far ,  so good .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
the texture have only light gripping ability but it is better than completely smooth plastic .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
macro lens is great ,  i wasn t expecting it to take pictures from that close distance .
it s large size makes it difficult to store ,  but it s worth it .
i have used several screen protectors and these seem to be the best quality .
it helps with chilling the mixture faster while it is being churned .
also great that the bottom is rounded and does not collect water in the dishwasher .
but its still better than my original battery .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i ve had this for about a month now and so far so good .
it was in the original packaging then put inside a larger plain box stuff with crumpled paper ,  .  .  .  . packaged very well .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
i m a grizzled veteran of the bt headset wars ,  and i m always changing to find the  perfect  headset .
i don t think that has ever happened to me before and it was a nice surprise .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
my phone would cost $ to replace so i think it is worth buying a $ case .
i used it on kitchen knives as well as scissors and it sharpened both .
my android phone has a case that makes this come in handy .
i ve had the mixer for a year and a half now and so far so good .
at first i was kinda skeptical of buying this but it is so cute .
the product is solid ,  it does not feel cheap .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
great for gravy ,  for instance ,  among many other foods .
great oem batteries ,  i bought to go with the charger i reviewed .
i bought a second one with the same wonderful results .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
but for my uses ,  this grinder is perfect . i gave it num_num stars because cleaning is kind of a pain .
the construction is heavy and seems well made .
and the price is so much better than getting it direct from manufacturer .
this headset comes with a nice fabric pouch as well .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
fits great and no problem with access to any of the ports .
chose these because they are stainless steel  sturdy  and can be scrubbed .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
if i d paid a lot for the protector ,  i d expect more ,  but at this price ,  i m really happy .
plus it is a lot for the price .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it really helps protect the phones from scratches .
this also came with an accessories bag that i found to be nice .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
its a nice price for a new cord .
more sturdy than other products made of lighter materials .
you get what you pay for ,  served me well .
great use of my money to get these .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this was a great starter pot for my first venture into water bath canning .
some reviewers ,  however ,  thought it worked just fine .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it went through my finger skin very well too lol .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
works much better than the spatula or pot i used to mash or flatten them with before .
it has a lip that protects the front .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
nice piece for a car with a compatible design .
however it makes great milkshakes and instant puddings .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i previously owned an num_extend and was impressed with the quality for the price .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
went with num_num batteries instead of extended . it is good and cheap .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
this one works replaces a different brand ,  but same style .
what makes the keyboard unique is its design .
overall ,  the best case i have used for any cell phone . normally i hate cases because they are too big .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
very cool silver and seems to be protective .
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
it comes clean with just a wipe ,  and i haven t had any issues at all with sticking .
it s light ,  small and easy to use . i was surprised that it wasn t glass; it s plastic .
i saw this for under $ and since i needed a num_extend usb cable ,  this was a great deal .
i got my first one over num_num years ago .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
it worked as well as i had hoped .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it does get very hot to the touch so you must be careful .
this cord is shorter than the original cord that came with the phone ,  but it still does the job .
this was my second battery for my htc desire and found battery to be better than the original .
i had a protective cover on the phone which made it even bigger .
they are also nicely made and not that thin plastic junk that so many toys are made out of .
i got what i thought i would and i liked the rubber case .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
it did a nice job with a minimum amount of work .
i have a couple of those and find them to be of superior quality .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
i have been trying more and more oxo products ,  and was pleased to find the can opener .
i even got one for my wife s iphone .
thought i would try it even though we use a drip and tassimo ,  both which make good coffee .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i found them on amazon at a more reasonable price .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
we have had the vacuum for over a year and it works great .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
the item arrive with good deliver and service .
i got this for my num_num year old .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
i ve owned this for close to a year and it looks like new .
the price is incredible for this kind of case .
watch out ,  it s sharp !  will peel your skin just as readily as whatever else you re peeling .
works like a charm om my num_extend tho so i will keep it for that .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
the handle grip is a hard plastic ,  but it feels sturdy .
i installed the sw on my laptop and it went well .
they are a nice large size ,  but aren t too big .
and of course the best feature is the rubberized bottom .
keeps the phone safe from an accidental drop .
my daughter loves to comb and brush in her hair .
i do mostly use it for onions ,  but it is wonderful for spices and nuts too .
you can t beat that !  i will be ordering a new one .
good for the price !  it has lasted longer than a lot of more expensive one s .
these work great for my polk num_extend speaker set .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
careful now just buy while you are here .
i like it but its not the best !  .
it allows the ipod to both play and charge .
its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
i ended up getting an oster egg cooker that did the trick .
i still haven t found a phone with a camera that s worth using .
good for rolling dough or other messy projects .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
the clarity was fantastic and other people couldn t even tell i was on a headset .
i just ran it under water and put it in the dishwasher and it came out sparkling clean .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
like the way this works ,  keeps the butter soft .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
i got a great product at a low ,  low price !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
these are great !  my ears are not identical between left and right .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
had this for a few months ,  works good as advertised . save me from buying new chargers with micro usb adapter .
thank you amazon . com once again for saving me $
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
a cleaning brush is also a good investment .
great size !  yes ,  it s heavy so i don t want to hang it on my pot rack .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
after cleaning ,  it makes the air feel lighter and i feel good that i m not using chemicals .
i bought this for myself ,  and it s very nice .
worth paying a few extra bucks i would think .
it is a bit pricey for a replacement but it s better than buying a new press .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
good product ,  no bad things to say about it .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
got this for my granddaughter num_extend for christmas .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
i use this charger everyday and i definitely recommend it !  .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
i liked having this vacuum as an everyday pick up .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
i wish the volume could be louder at times but it does it s job .
but it does work well ,  at times slips out of place .
a bit pricey but it is a nice kitchen tool !  probably be buying another .
does it work ,  does it work well ,  and can i beat the hell out of it .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
after that ,  clean the screen with a good screen cleaner .
a good knife is pretty important to making my job easier .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
as long as you don t need num_extend this is a great phone .
two hours later it was good to go .
luckily we found this on amazon and bought several more .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i was also happy that i didn t have to assemble it !  well worth the money !  .
spend a little extra and enjoy your investment for life .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
for the price ,  i was genuinely surprised that the product i got was the real deal .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
they are thin and easy to store and easy to clean .
it s good to use when you get a difficult can to open .
to my surprise ,  when charged with hot water first ,  it held hot and fresh for a long time .
they may not be bose ,  but they fit my purpose fine .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
i got this for a reduced price when purchasing knives .
just a little powdered sugar and they re beautiful .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i prefer using this over a car charger because it is very small and portable .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
the charge time is long num_extend hours  ,  but is definitely worth it .
the locking mechanism is very useful so that you can truly hold it by the handle .
i like these racks because they stack up helping me to save counter space .
it keeps it hot so you can wait a few minutes before pouring it .
i ve had $ headsets that fit quite well .
overall a nice case ,  and much better than the cheap ,  soft ,  plastic one we purchased prior to this one .
it s pricey but if you want a good headset than it s worth it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i have an older num_extend which i love .
while i was not convinced this knife would work as advertised ,  i thought it was worth trying .
it s large size makes it difficult to store ,  but it s worth it .
the audio quality ,  while not the greatest ,  gets the job done .
it is a needed accessory for your cellphones .
this cable works great ,  even with my underpowered usb ports .
otherwise ,  good sound quality and only uses a few batteries .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
now my great review is not so amazing .
the strap velcroed around my arm nice and tight but with give .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
so ,  it makes a good pan for gluten free bread which needs more support on the sides .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
all in all its a real good value especially the fact that its made by samsung .
buy these because i found them cheap online and for the price they re great chargers .
i dislike paper filters so i got this one for my new coffee maker .
it is healthy and a good snack to have .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
i have also been enamored with stainless steel .
works great at a fraction of what they charge you in your cellphone store .
it is easy to clean and doesn t scratch my new pots .
perfect !  i could never get the coffee strong enough so i decided to give it a boost .
i am an audiophile and have particularly high standards as to how i listen to music .
i will be getting another pair of these soon as a matter of fact .
i received it within or even earlier than scheduled .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
with a protector on it ,  my old iphone num_num is as good as new again .
i dont own that phone anymore but it works well with my iphone .
an important piece for using when cooking over an open flame or hot coals .
the num_extend is simple ,  clear and a great price .
the case fits nicely around the phone and has doesn t add much in size and weight .
although it does not protect from rain ,  it holds the phone nice and secure .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
it s a good product ,  but i could do without the sirated edge .
i ve owned a few motorola products and this one delivers just like the rest .
i think it looks really cool and much more expensive than what i paid for it .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
this product is so much easier and great at protecting the edges from getting burnt .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
hopefully that will help anyone that is short like me .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
protects phone from shock and dropping as well as comes with a screen protector .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i just got this in the mail yesterday .
it s a very sturdy glass jug and lid fits snuggly .
love otterbox cases ,  i ended up buying one for my new phone as well .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
then i found this one for about half the price . big buttons ,  large display ,  and a sufficiently strong magnet .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
it works great ,  i ve noticed no odd smells that others have complained about .
excellent product for the cheap price ,  but don t expect it to wear well .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it s a lot of fun but ,  i admit ,  a bit frustrating .
i use a bold num_num holster  see my other review  and it fits fine .
it made in china but it worth of money .
it s really a nice little piece of equipment .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
maybe  good  but even that is a bit of a stretch .
i recently purchased more and they are the same quality .
these are no beats by dre headphones ,  but they sound great .
i have honestly never tasted such a great freshly roasted coffee taste before .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
for the price listed this was an easy buy .
the button also works as call answer on some phones .
so for the price ,  it s a very useful tool ,  that just needs a little care .
will recommend this item if you lose your own cable with a micro usb cable .
it doesn t charge as quickly as a home charger ,  but it gets the job done !  .
once it s paired ,  relax and listen to the great sound of the jambox ,  with no wires !  !  .
the sound is good ,  nothing wrong with it ,  but you could get the same quality at half the price .
it s mostly plastic ,  but it s fine for light home use .
i can t believe i got it for such an affordable price . i almost paid $ for another fancy brand .
i bought one like this several years ago .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
it s a good pan ,  but keep in mind that it s not as good as advertised .
good quality charger ,  hasn t defected on me yet .
i had so much fun camping with them that i ve begun using them regularly at home .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
overall it s an essential device for your car .
i was surprised ,  it was inexpensive  approx $ and constructed well .
just give me a good hand vac that works and disappears when not in use .
everything you need is included in the box .
but keeping your knives sharp can be a challenge .
allows you to charge items in two usb plugs .
i bought two of these the first time .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
very comparable to the width of an iphone .
i bought this in num_num and still use it .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
i have had this machine for about num_num years ,  and it is excellent and very reliable .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
the coffee is hot enough for my husband .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
very nice product and much cheaper than other retailers .
it worked great on those warm summer days when i didn t want to put on the ac .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
the sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
it is a pretty pink and i like that it has glitter under the rhinestones .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i ve had this cdn digital unit now for about num_num yrs now ,  and it has worked fine .
i think there are very few covers that protect the iphone as well as look good .
product fit phone as described and works the same .
although it didn t fit my expectations ,  i have found a use for it ,  .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i ve been using these for years and they work good .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
but then i updated my firmware and it worked beautifully .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
my husband bought this for me to keep my blades and cutter in and it works great .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i ve tried it just once ,  but so far ,  so good .
i decided to purchase one and enjoy making some comfort foods for myself .
for someone that likes their tea extra strong it is fantastic .
the product is great for use in pans that do not have a teflon type coating .
had been using other brands .  .  . this is the best kind .  .  . does not leak or is messy .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it keeps it hot so you can wait a few minutes before pouring it .
i like the adjustment on the back as to keep it out of the way .
i own this product for about a year now .
i have only owned it for a week or so but have had some good usage from it already .
it doesnt add too much bulk ,  but still protects my ipod to the max .
for the price this is an excellent alternative to buying oem battery .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
this product is very good for the price ,  but not quite as perfect as apple products .
i even got one for my wife s iphone .
it is a handy little gadget to have .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining .
i ve had it for about a month and fresh oj every day .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
it s not exactly the same color as the picture but still a good case nonetheless .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
this is a replacement battery and works fine .
it does break belts so buy a few extra ,  they are easy to change .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
its a bit bulky and the rubber starts to weaken after a few months but i liked this case .
at this price i was able to afford it .
if you want one go ahead and buy these .
it turned it in to a fine powder .
it s very lightweight for younger children to hold .
it s so light ,  so nimble ,  and sharp ,  you ll use it more without realizing it .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i have to say i m shocked at the quality .
this is a pretty good product for its price .  . thought it would of been cheap and ripped by now .
hopefully it s just user error that i ll correct it ,  even so ,  it s an amazing machine .
purchased this one to go with the larger i already had .
these are large ,  heavy and solid like most oxo well built .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
the machine today is the same quality as my last one .
but its still better than my original battery .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
would recommend if you don t have the cash to shell out for the higher end ones .
i can t imagine i got the quality product with only $
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i thought it a bit pricy ,  but after using it ,  its well worth the money .
i was looking for something durable and this metal case fit the bill perfectly .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i was surprised by the weight ,  more than i expected .
i love the big num_extend inch screen ,  although it doesn t look so great in strong sunlight  most phones don t  .
it s made in china which i don t like at all but it is heirloom quality .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
it s not high end ,  but good for the price .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i ended up ordering another one ! and they come in multiple colors .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
not much more i can say other than it works and seems to be of good quality .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it was gifted to me and i received it a few days ago .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
it made in china but it worth of money .
it s nice since you get a lot more coffee flavor than using regular brewed coffee .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
if i drop it ,  the case will snap off ,  but it hasn t broken yet ,  which is really good .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i wasn t expecting much for the price but have been pleasantly surprised .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
i received a huge box at the ups center .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
yes !  it takes some work to handle because it is so powerful .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
i would order it again as a gift .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
it does the job and its cheap so i like it .
it s a cross between a mild espresso type taste and a superior drip machine .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
it feels sturdy without being heavy or bulky .
the price was right on amazon ,  cheaper than what i could get it for in a store .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i find i am using it at home .
there are a lot of wonderful reviews on this product so you should read them .
so even though it s not hot hot ,  it s still much warmer .
nice thick gauge that you come to expect from pyrex .
some people loved it ,  while others derided it .
the extra bowl also helps if i m in a hurry and don t want to totally chill the mix .
i prefer it ,  it s a mouth feel ,  texture and taste thing for me .
i love the color ,  i love the fit .
i have used the product for num_num years ,  still works like new .
i recommend the smaller size and separating multiple times if you need more than num_num cups .
please be aware when making your purchase  !  .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
this will definitely last a long time to come .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
shoots out to samsung for a great product .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
the blades are sturdy and it s pretty well made .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
megapixels don t mean everything but this num_extend camera is spectacular .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i was also pleasantly surprised that signal attenuation levels were less noticeable than my previous case .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the headphones are adjustable to the person wearing this and the sound is amazing .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
it is not great but it does work .
i was surprised by the size when it arrived .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
they hold their charge and are great batteries .
unlike my past ,  more expensive bluetooth headsets ,  this one has clear reception and good range .
and the price is hard to pass up !  .
i had other bluetooths ,  but this is a great one .
other than that it is a good product .
i have many of them and will be buying more .
it will also work with an ipod touch and ipad .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
had some shipping problems but i ended up getting at best buy anyways but it s certainly worth the money .
the motor is powerful and does not bog down .
they are a little pricey ,  but you get what you pay for .  .  . and here ,  you get quality .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
it s light ,  small and easy to use . i was surprised that it wasn t glass; it s plastic .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
it almost looks like a toy ,  it is so cute .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
but on the same note ,  i am also rather pragmatic and a bit of a realist .
it works good and all but i wish the cord was just a little bit longer .
researched for a bit and found these on amazon .
great feature so you can go from listening to music or phone to gps view .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
it is rare to see a product packaged and sold with the fit and finish as this one .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
this works great ,  it took me an hour and four hot buckets of water to get everything clean .
i really needed more earphones since my sister kept on breaking them . the colors and design are great .
but then i updated my firmware and it worked beautifully .
i have made sauces of all kinds and have been very satisfied with the results .
the flavor was stronger than my roasts usually have .
very nice case !  bought another one to replace !   : d .
the earpiece isn t too big where it hurts your ear and the button work is easy .
it s worth a few extra pennies to buy something that s going to last much longer .
its a bit bulky and the rubber starts to weaken after a few months but i liked this case .
i also like that it can be converted to a usb connector and used with your computer .
they also give you adhesives to clear away lint .
i had that on my last thermometer and it was really handy .
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
these are cheap and do their job so well .
i had one by dirt devil that i used for over num_num years .  .  . it died and this replacement is great .
that means you can listen to music and play games with sound effects .
i am not big sound guy ,  but i think they sound great .
and it s really inexpensive compared to everything else i considered .
use it a couple of times a week .
i knew before i bought these that they wouldn t be super high quality ,  but i think they re fine .
i still haven t found a phone with a camera that s worth using .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
i love to julienne a lot of my vegetables but it can be a pain .
i saw this salad spinner recommended in a magazine ,  and they were right .
the button doesnt work with iphone but they sound great .
i am really glad i gave it a try .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
they cost a little more than some ,  but are easily worth it .
i was pleasantly surprised at how well the audio works based on some of the negative reviews .
it did a good job grinding ,  but it was a bear to clean .
i got this machine in the mail last week .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i expected a good product and that is just what i received .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
it is also capable of supporting up to num_num wireless internet connections by acting as a mobile hotspot .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
this product was so reasonable compared to purchasing at a store .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
it works just like a very similar model i owned in the past .
wow !  this is so much nicer than the picture .
i got a good for this from $
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
i recommend this to anyone looking for a mini to micro usb adapter .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i had a litle hard time understanding how it all went to geather but it worked good .
i was also concerned that this pan would seem small ,  but it is nicely sized and attractive .
non of the num_extend series headset had this nice feature .
you also must remove the peel each time you press  that s where the messy part comes in .  recommended !  .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
this headset is soooo cool ,  i had to order another one .
web browsing works well although not as smooth as the num_extend
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
this is good in that other sounds are not obstructed when not listening  . to phone .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i actually can t believe how well the product works .
material is pleasing to the touch and seems to be free of any manufacture inconsistencies .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
for the price you truly cannot get anything better .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i got this and didn t expect it to last very long but it is still going after a year .
it does take some usage to get it nicely seasoned .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
it is not as padded as i would like but it s nicely made and very roomy .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
this is a small tool ,  great to use with num_extend and num_extend skillets and small saucepans .
the blade is thin and flexible ,  yet holds up under weighty foods .
i got this for my droid incredible cell phone .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
other than that it s a great wireless headphone for the price .
they are about the same price as well .
this could be a great help . i have since purchased a more modern purifier with several filters .
when we moved ,  i took one for my jewelry again .
it s lasted a good long while for me as well .
not as heavy as some makes it easier to handle .
the bags are inexpensive and easy to change .
i got this to replace my old one .
the size is great for num_num or num_num people .
this helps the oven stay at a consistent temperature .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
i was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this bowl .
i can t begin to say how great of a product this is .
i own a miele fior the heavy duty cleaning but this little vac is wonderful for quick pick ups .
this cup is huge but it works great when you re making large batches .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
it doesn t look very sturdy but it actually gives the righ amount of protection .
there is a standalone ear clip that allows the earpiece to function as a standalone unit .
but they re perfect for certain kitchen tasks that the bigger ladles aren t right for .
other then that its good for the price .
smooth and tasty ,  no sugar needed to counteract the bitterness .
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived .
they looked the same ,  but they were not good quality like these on amazon !  very pleased !  .
they work great and mine have lasted for num_num months so far .
but other than that i love the gadget .
i ve tried other flavors ,  mostly teriyaki ,  and it just doesn t come close to how good this stuff is !  .
rinsing it immediately worked very well and i did not have a problem getting it clean .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i have cast iron coated pans and this one was a nice addition to my cooking .
these are heavy ,  and that s a good thing .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
have had this for about two months ,  used it twice so far and can tell it s a quality product .
the screen can produce a bit of glare on a very sunny day but is still generally readable .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
nothing great but does what it is supposed to do .
seasoned salt added to the final finished product will give some flavor .
low light was a little grainy ,  but still good with the flash .
they make them very airy and also a little malted flavor .
it s pretty small ,  make sure the size is right for you .
i promise that i ll use it again sometime .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
i like it because i dont really use the phone very much  :   .
i ended up finding a lot of different uses for them .
its got awsome sound  !  !  !  way better than a fm transmitter  !  !  !  !  !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i recommend to anyone who needs a screen protector .
it s lasted a good long while for me as well .
the fact that it is stainless steel is another plus .
good price ,  good service !  recommend ! only downside is must remove phone protective case to insert into charger .
it is basic ,  it is simple ,  it works .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
then i came across this one and decided to give it a try .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
this is an amazing knife for the price .
it cleans up pretty well ,  and most things don t stick .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
no guarantees this will work for everyone ,  but this worked for me .
i have had this soap dispenser for over three years so overall i have been very happy with it .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
i love espresso drinks from starbucks and other coffee places .
much better quality then the ones i purchased at a local specialty store .
especially the blue glow around the motorola emblem .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
it works for a good distance away from the phone or computer .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
the price was good and there were no shipping charges .
i received a new work phone and it is my first experience with the iphone series .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
i use coconut oil to keep it seasoned .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
the earpiece isn t too big where it hurts your ear and the button work is easy .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
although i have only used it once so far it seems like a quality product .
we got rid of that one when we got the new coffee grinder .
will definitely get one more once mine begins to show wear and tear .
worth the extra money you spend on this as compared to calphalon .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
much better than paying $ at the local store .
its a little heavy and generally requires num_num hands ,  but its worth it .
these match the other dublin glasses that i had purchased previously and are good for the price .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
these batteries have held up for over a year now .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i came upon this beauty on one of my shopping sessions on amazon .
like the magnetic clip also that keeps it closed .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
exit great coffee maker . some reviewers have complained that this coffee maker is hard to fill with water .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
though difficult to push ,  this cleaner made my carpet look new .
it is my first peeler ,  so i can hardly compare ,  but it works very well ,  very smooth .
it is so strong i can actually use it to mince hot peppers for sauces .
screen protector sucks but other than that it protects my phone great and i haven t had an issue yet .
i needed a new kit that had all the parts !  this is a great kit .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i sometimes travel between countries and i m using an unlocked iphone num_extend to carry ,  easy to use .
have had mine for num_num months and it is working out well .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
the product is very lightweight and will fit easily into a pocket on the go .
you can tell it is soft ,  yet very tough and durable .
i have three dogs and three cats and love ,  love ,  love this product .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
has a waxy coating for a nice finish .
plus it is a lot for the price .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
it has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
i just used and got an extension cord for more length .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i noticed that my phone fit snuggly within the cell phone area .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i gave this as a gift to my sister .
it comes with an extra ear hook and earbuds .
i wondered if i should get the more expensive model ,  but found this one to work beautifully .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i would have been ok paying $  or even higher  for these and still be satisfied with the quality .
the locking mechanism is very useful so that you can truly hold it by the handle .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
the leather on here probably isn t real ,  but it feels really nice .
if you want quality you need to pay $ instead of one penny ,  plus a very reasonable shipping price .
i paid num_extend for mine and thought that was good .
much better than the nails i used before .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
the orange is bright and the color is consistent .
holds a lot of water which is what we wanted .
these screen protectors work very well ,  i can t even tell it s on .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
it is small ,  lightweight and very easy to clean and store .
i ll use it until it dies then probably get a stronger one . overall though it s treated me very well .
i do not know what i was expecting but i am pleased with the purchase .
i like how small and light weight it is .
it is surprisingly cheap and extremely good quality .
it is beautiful ,  but i didn t like using it for everyday .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
i did think it was a little darker but it s fine .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i ve had other clips but none are as strong and easy to use as these .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
if you have a samsung galaxy note num_extend num_extend or num_extend this is a phenomenal case .
much better than i d expected for the price .
this screen is nice just a little thicker than expected .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
i have a lg esteem phone and it barely fits but it s stable and it does the job .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
the noise canceling capabilities work about as good as you can hope for .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
with a little salt for flavor ,  you have a healthy snack .
makes great italian coffee  strong ,  but not quite espresso  .
i purchased these a few months ago and they seem to be holding up well .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i especially liked the feature that had it turn off automatically .
a must but if you have this phone .
i think it earns a solid num_num stars .
this was a pleasant suprise that i was not expecting .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
this thing is heavy !  and i like it that way .
fully assembled i found a couple things i didn t like .
i just got a new iphone and have tried several cases .
ive been searching for something that offers decent protection ,  fits properly ,  but also looks somewhat sharp .
i just recommend to rinse this well every time you use it .
i bought the scoop one size larger about a year ago .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
sad thing is it scratches pretty easy and the scratches show pretty strongly .
it s lightweight ,  very portable and it works great .
if this is the sort of product you need ,  this is a good choice for manufacture .
it s a good size ,  but not too big .
i did some research and bought this one .
but so far i think it is an awesome idea .
it made in china but it worth of money .
i finally found it here at amazon , not only free shipping but buy num_extend get one free deal .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
its got awsome sound  !  !  !  way better than a fm transmitter  !  !  !  !  !  .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
amazon reacted and shipped another out immediately and it came in good condition .
these protectors are cheap and easy to apply ,  they look good and are great .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
it came so fast !  i got this item the next day ,  and uses stander shipping .
i m not good doing this kind of stuffs but when i put on the screen ,  it just fits perfectly .
i love to make a small amount of fresh ice cream ,  while i am cooking supper .
looks just like the one in the photo as well .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i would have been ok paying $  or even higher  for these and still be satisfied with the quality .
this car mount for cell phone is just great .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
the num_extend works well with my ipad  wifi  ,  iphone num_num and ipod touch .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
this is very useful as i hate holdind my phone to my ear .
it s nice and thick ,  so i don t worry about breaking it .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
i microwave boil water in these and they have to be good .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
it is well made ,  and i like the rubberized handle grip .
waffles are baked to perfection . the one drawback is that the exterior gets really hot ,  handles included .
i m not that particular but it s nice if it matters .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
i would recommend you get the version without the connector for the iphone .
i also bought the glass top that amazon recommends for this unit and i m not disappointed .
i was extremely happy and i can t wait to get a new one !  !  !  !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
went together very easy ,  took maybe num_num min or so to snap together .
i recommend if you don t mind coughing up the extra money .
the machine itself light without sacrificing any sort of power .
don t like the bulk or the button much but they work .
it s a tad expensive but well worth the money .
it is a little large but for what i needed it for it works great .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
this is the cleanest humdiifier i have ever owned .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
it s cute ,  and seems sturdy and well made .
when i saw these mini shelves for such a great price .  .  . i jumped at the opportunity !  i ordered num_extend
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
the plastic seems to be holding rubber firmly in place while in contrast the rubber is great for gripping .
great charger !  it is just like the original that came with the samsung infuse .
chrome finish is really good and i haven t had any problems with wear or pitting .
this britta filter is amazing !  i am having hard trouble with chlorine smell in my drinking water .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i am one of those people who ,  when i find something that works ,  i buy a bunch of them .
i like this product a lot and it really work well .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
if the issues above don t bother you ,  they are great .
this case is so soft and plushy ,  and at first that bothered me .
i placed the yogurt in the fridge over night and woke up to a very nice surprise .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this inexpensive set is generally useful around the stove .
its rugged ,  sturdy ,  and made of good materials .
just got the num_extend last week ,  surprisingly it worked right out of the box .
this is really a great holster for the iphone .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
it does not do a quick charge but it keeps them running .
a family member gave me this for christmas .
as far as i am concerned ,  this is the best battery you can buy for the money .
i liked the num_extend because of its price ,  and its features .
it doesn t charge as quickly as a home charger ,  but it gets the job done !  .
i have been using this battery for the past two weeks and it has been great .
the quality is better with this one compared to the multi colored pieces i had purchased .
this is handy as i have permanent chest pain after surgery ,  so lifting can be difficult . it works fine .
for the price ,  its performance is worth the money .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
i have a galaxy note ii phone and this headset is awesome with it .
i ordered it and it came really fast .
i have poor eyesight and the large readout is nice .
i use it at least once a week .
i got this in stores for num_num us dollars and it is amazing .
incredible value compared to other more expensive choices !  .
we ve had it a few weeks and it works fine .
i will buy again when i need it .
lastly ,  i do enjoy the option to charge usb devices ,  even though it drastically slows the charging process .
i recommend it . i wasn t really crazy about the usb cable that came with it .
i have had it over a year now .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
the color is nice ,  not bright red but a darker red .
yes ,  this product is lightweight and almost flimsy feeling ,  but it works great .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
it s not very pretty but it is functional .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
i had a great cheese slicer with a thin ,  round ,  wooden handle and loved it .
they are quite sturdy while feeling lighter than i expected .
well ,  since i found that i can buy them locally for the same price ,  or the arm and h .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
my battery used to always die on me so upgrading to the extended battery was great .
my goal is eating healthier and i feel i m achieving that with this steamer .
overall ,  i would recommend this to anyone that s looking for new headphones .
num_extend yrs old  i thought it was cute and reminds me of the original game boy .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
its large size keeps the foam from overflowing .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
a little too small for what i was expecting but good for one person .
i think these are pretty good headphones when compared with an older set of logitech bluetooth headphones .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
i would have preferred a more textured finish to give more grip but it is adequate .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
this container is good for beans or anything thick that can t get out .
it s so very rare you find a product that does a great job at what it claims to do .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
let it simmer for num_num minutes and i was surprised how well the dish turned out .
the cover is made of good quailty see through plastic .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
i had one piece that still had a sharp feel to that area .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i did think it was a little darker but it s fine .
i think i will buy another set soon .
we got the mixer for my older daughter .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
you can select one color or mix and match them .
it works great as long as you don t fill it past the max water level .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
so good that i placed a second order for num_num more .
i enjoy bacon cooked until it s darn near burnt with nothing coming off it anymore .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
it looks good sitting on my counter as well .
the pause and serve feature is definately improved comared to other models .
works perfectly ,  sometimes on amazon the seller will say an item is oem and it usually is not .
i ve had it for a few days now and its perfect .
i got tired of always tripping over the cord of my old headphones . the sound quality is very good .
i bought this air purifier right before my son was born  almost num_num years ago  and i love it .
i like its size ,  fits on my pants  pocket .
i was quite surprised to see so many poor reviews .  .  . i love this toaster .
the num_extend is simple ,  clear and a great price .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
it works well and does bacon nicely . i have not used it for pancakes ,  it may be awkward for those .
for the price you can t beat this charger .
i would buy it again at this price .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
i have found that a toothbrush dedicated for this purpose does the job ,  however .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
on a few occasions it was finicky about connecting to the phone but generally works fine .
now i can enjoy a single glass and drink the rest later .
however ,  i was pleasantly surprised when i found these .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
but i was able to fix it with some superglue .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
i just got mine and as luck has it i came across a deal on some chicken breast .
i hand wash rather than run it through the dishwasher but it is easy to clean .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it makes the phone narrower than a bb and is easy to use .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
i recommend this board for it is a quality piece and is available for a reasonable price .
it get s your arms moving in the morning .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
it s a little larger than i was expecting but works fine .
it dispenses a good helping of soap when you push on it .
it saved my phone from breaking many times .
takes more than a quick rinse to wash due to that texture but works great .
things last longer and they look really cute .
it was well packaged without any shipping damage .
i like this one much better ,  and a fraction of the cost .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i was having problems with my phone when my hands were cold ,  this stylus works magic .
love the fact that it is retractable so the cord doesn t get in the way .
smooth and tasty ,  no sugar needed to counteract the bitterness .
i takes great picture and does what it said it would do . i am a camera freak .
it s a solid pan with thick metal all around .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
i did some research and bought this one .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
but it cleans pretty easy and the drip pan is a breeze to clean .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
a nice num_extend amp charger for the car that doesn t cost $
incidentally ,  the price is low for an item of such good quality .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
lid is very tight ,  so i have to push it on ,  but it keeps the stuff in .
after my review ,  they worked to replace it and it fit fine .
the cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it .
definitely prefer it over some phone s keyboards i ve had before .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
it is designed for indoor use but i can use it outside too .
i read the reviews and decided to give this size a try and for me ,  it is perfect .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
most of the higher end models have a second handle .
my girlfriend liked it so much that she asked me to buy one for her .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
i ve tried it just once ,  but so far ,  so good .
i used this for the first time today to make a few individual pizzas and it was wonderful .
not much to say about this product but it works ,  it is not heavy but is durable .
the flashlight is a nice touch but it would be nice to see a dedicated switch for the flashlight .
i got the product much quicker than i anticipated .
i am a person that is not necessarily the gadget geek ,  but i do love new toys .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
the quality is a little low ,  but so far so good .
we have had this coffee maker for over a year now and it works great .
it was much larger than expected and very weighty .  .  . sure it will get the job done right !  .
it s so sharp that you can feel it try to bite into the wood of the cutting board .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
the sound quality is reasonable ,  at least on par with my phone ,  perhaps a little better .
the real color was darker than the picture but is cute too .
this knife is super sharp ,  if you are tempted to feel the edge i recommend that you don t .
this unit so far holds a charge for weeks and weeks .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
i wouldn t ant to do an entire laundry basket full ,  but for a few items it s great .
i ordered this as a gift for my sister .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
this amazing charged has brought back the camera not used for two years . the battery lasted pretty long .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
and for the price ,  you truly cannot go wrong !  .
it works just like a very similar model i owned in the past .
it is fine or so i discovered and did not need a new one .
i am a person that is not necessarily the gadget geek ,  but i do love new toys .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
the screen protector still attracts a fair share of fingerprints .
it also lets you know the state of the battery charge .
i ve had mine a few years now and use it at least once per day .
i bought this and used it twice now .
the holster works well enough even though it is cheap plastic and it does swivel .
i liked it enough that i bought one for my daughter !  .
we have also used it for fruit and it also worked well for that .
destroyed one side of my cutting board with this exquisite device .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
i still love this unit ,  and when this one finally dies ,  i ll probably buy another one just like it .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
this bowl is well made ,  easy to clean ,  and stays put while you mix with one hand .
the num_num pack is a pretty good value for me since i can leave one in various places .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
however ,  i recently purchased another one ,  and the new design is much better .
i needed something that controls work with my galaxy num_extend had good sound ,  and good cable management .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
it is surprised me at the first time when i used it .
my other broke so this is a great replacement .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
i bought one for num_extend and it worked so got one for my niece .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
i just got my steamvac ,  and have only used it once ,  but it performed very well .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
since i paid $ for the five ,  that works out plenty fine for me .
having wasted my money on num_num previous pieces of junk ,  i am very impressed with this lux product .
i was slightly concerned about the size ,  but they are a perfect fit .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
i love this product . note that the picture seen here isn t representative of the product .
the sound quality is not perfect but i think it is great for the price .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
buy bacon bits and ends in a large bag for cheap and this will cook them wonderfully .
do not be fooled by the low price; these are a true bargain !  .
price is better than i can get locally .
it is much better than the other brand .
the material of the case is pretty flexible and it s not too thick .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
this is the best !  i am a little peculiar about drinking water .
it fits well on my screen and i m happy i bought it cause i needed it !  .
it has made great coffee right from day one ,  and right up to this morning .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
i wanted it for my car ,  but works well in the house also .
worth it for sure ,  half the price as the others available .
after a few applications of bare oil i mixed it with some clapham s wax and the results were fantastic .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
with a dog and a two year old in the house ,  i find owning one of these a necessity .
i would buy again and recommend to a friend .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it had a couple of small bubbles but has held up very well since then .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i was having pain in my coccyx and this definitely helped alleviate the pain .
better than the one that came with my phone .
they are thicker and more durable than i anticipated .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
i always find myself pushing the ear buds in .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
after several weeks of use it is holding up well .
this thermometer is good quality for the price ,  but not waterproof for the long run .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
my screen had a crack in it so this helps protect my fingers also .
i like the way the finish looks on these things ,  it is a nice ,  quality looking stainless .
the price of these jabra  phones is manageable ,  and they deliver decent sound quality and superior ease of use .
it also allows for charging provided you connect to the usb port or purchase an adaptor .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i have only used it once ,  but it lived up to my expectations .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
these are cheap and do their job so well .
i needed a new plug and when i ordered this one i was surprised how soon i got it .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
it holds a charge pretty well; i use it about two days before i have to charge it again .
for the money i paid for it ,  it s pretty good .
i bought two of these the first time .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
it was hard to pay so much $ but in the end i am very happy with my purchase .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
i paid $ for it and think that that is a fair price .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
the handles are not as sturdy as they look ,  but so far ,  so good .
i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
as a pleasant surprise i tapped the call button on my iphone while it was in a standby state .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i also like purchasing from amazon because of the very helpful reviews . now about the machine .
; i can recommend this item ,  although it has gotten fairly costly .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i have been using this for a month . pros : it is a good value .
it is very quiet ,  and does not give off nearly as much heat as i was expecting .
i like the idea that it light up doing the charger process .
but it worth more than what i paid for it .
i also downloaded numerous applications to help tweak the phone and make it even better .
other than that ,  the price is fine for what it does .
i discovered it also works to charge my phone from my computer when i am at work .
very effective way to have a space to air dry items ,  but collapse it when not in use .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i love this !  i use it daily to make my morning oatmeal .
maybe not entirely necessary ,  but it did work well when i made num_extend
it is a very smart design . a user mentioned that it does not fit with the newer fords .
this is a great headset but i switched to the motorola num_extend for several reasons .
the best part is that the battery does not need an extra back cover .
i love these kitchen sink brushes ,  i have also purchased several of these brushes as well .
it has a little light to let me know it has power .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
this is a nice option if you just want a hard case and not the clip .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
for $ they have a cheap plasticy feeling but they re comfortable enough for me especially for the price .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
the filter adds to the flavor of the coffee .
i also like walking barefoot ,  and love the clean ,  soft feel under my toes .
the best part is it was only like $
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
these replacement usb cables work well but i would highly recommend getting the amazon brand usb cables .
megapixels don t mean everything but this num_extend camera is spectacular .
no worries though ,  amazon has an excellent product return service and you don t have to pay for the shipping .
heavy and a little difficult to clean but worth the extra effort !  .
i m partial to myshure num_extend but these were surprisingly good just as headphones at this price .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
just the right size for num_num to num_num servings .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
it s so good that i decided to get a dutch oven .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
sure beats having to carry the unnecessarily lengthy sync cable that comes with the device .
if yours is getting scratched up feel free to order this !  makes your phone look like new !  .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i almost bought the smaller pan ,  but am glad i got the medium one .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
can t beat it for all in one device ,  especially if a camera is important .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
it holds a charge pretty well; i use it about two days before i have to charge it again .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
he also has huge hands ,  so this one was perfect because it has a very large handle .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
i wash it right away after every use .
the bass came through nicely ,  and it was interesting to hear low bass tones when using the hands free .
buy one of these and do your own .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
overall it s a good case for the low low price .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
these headphones arrived today ,  and for the price i paid ,  it is amazing .
its not the best case but it looks nice on my iphone .
it is the best gadget for this because it is small and so inexpensive .
a simple soap and water wash is pretty much all that is needed .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
the keys are a bit small ,  but that is easy to live with .
i researched cleaners on the amazon site and was impressed by the reviews on this hoover .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
we own a lot of oxo products and this one does not disappoint .
the colors are deeper and darker on mine ,  but i like them .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i happened to see this one on sale in a department store so i went ahead and got it .
its a little heavy and generally requires num_num hands ,  but its worth it .
i use a bold num_num holster  see my other review  and it fits fine .
good value . i don t own a dishwasher so i cannot speak to how it holds up to a dishwashing machine .
the ergonomic spot for your finger is a nice touch .
people seemed to be able to hear me well enough ,  and the levels are fine .
it does pause the music while you are on a call ,  so that s pretty nice .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
there are many detailed reviews about this product; mine simply adds another num_extend star  rating which is well deserved .
it is a lovely scarlet red and quite heavy .
i actually can t believe how well the product works .
we decided to spend a little more and get a product that works well and will last .
any larger and it might be too much . colors look bright and accurate .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
when i can t reach people because their smartphones are dead ,  i will recommend this product .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
compared to products costing $ and up ,  this is a good value .
i loved the way it shut itself off after charging .
i bought this one for my recreational vehicle .
they still work great ,  but are no longer shiny .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
i can definitely taste the better quality of tap water when it s been through the filter .
i would recommend you get the version without the connector for the iphone .
i wanted a juicer that was small and still produced great juice .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
if your looking for a cheap backup phone this is great .
i also can enjoy adding my own spices .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it is big enough for measuring large quantities .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
maybe if it hits num_num or less is it worth considering as i got it around that price range .
it s only been a week ,  so i hope it lasts a good while .
i had an older one of these ,  still works .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
so much so i bought a second one .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
like the look and feel of the cover .
you have to buy special headphones to use the music player . overall ,  i think it s a pretty good deal .
it feels like a tough cover that looks so good ,  you ll forget you have a screen cover at all .
i will continuance to use it and see how it goes .
the quality and was better than i expected .
i got two for one !  !  !  when i open the package i realized i must cut to size .
i m not sure if there are bad loaf pans ,  but i think this one is wonderful .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
til then num_num stars very well describes the quality and worth of this product .
incredible value compared to other more expensive choices !  .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
the interior hard cover is tight and the exterior silicon shell works !  .
i have used this for many purposes and it works well .
i m very happy . update :  a few days ago ,  my phone fell out of my belt clip and hit the sidewalk .
or for a single large mug for right now ,  this num_num cup assam is ideal .
i m not that particular but it s nice if it matters .
initially i was skeptical ,  but ,  it proved out to be a nice buy .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
it really feels indulgent to eat so much .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it is a great case until the holster starts cracking near the side clips .  .  . then it is time to replace .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
i ve bought several of these over the years .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it pops the popcorn great and i get few kernels that do not pop .
you have to add a lot of fruit to get a decent amount of juice .
yes ,  this is a shockingly loud appliance for its size ,  but it works so well .
so i got this timer ,  it does the job .
much too small to sharpen a axe but good for knifes .
wide enough for my big self to stand securely  this is nicely wide  ,  num_extend
i used the meat grinder and it worked pretty good .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
i really liked an old black and decker that i had used for years and am still using .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
its got awsome sound  !  !  !  way better than a fm transmitter  !  !  !  !  !  .
good decision to purchase this one at a low price .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
well worth the money spent ,  but be prepared to wait for shipping if it s coming from another country .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
the build quality is also much better than i was expecting considering the price .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
and it is bright red ,  which i like .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
solid hardware :  great screen ,  keyboard ,  speakers ,  and even the num_extend
holds up well but i always hand wash mine .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
non of the num_extend series headset had this nice feature .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i might invest in something with better sound quality but for a starter ,  this is a great choice .
it probably should cost less ,  but it simply works and makes life a little easier .
i decided to try this one out since the price was right .
you cant beat this product for the price .
the home button key and flex cable was easy to install and worked great for me .
i have a great set of stainless steal pans and they never get this hot or retain their heat .
i ve only had it for about a month ,  but it works great so far .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
works well and charges my num_extend around num_num times per full charge .
i just wipe it with a damp cloth and good as new .
for my needs ,  this filter works just fine .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it s very quite as well .  .  .  .  .  . so no loud noise to scare the kitties !  .
but i decided to keep it anyway as the price was good .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it covers the phone well without adding much bulk to it at all .
these work really well for cutting smaller potatoes .
this one works just like it should and the teeth on the back make cleaning a breeze .
there are more expensive models ,  but this one really works fine for most people .
i had a coffee bean grinder but that was all it was good for .
web browsing works well although not as smooth as the num_extend
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
not too great of a product but looks great .
it works best for softer foods that you need to portion .
it s a great cable ,  especially for the price .
buy it . i have noticed the big price differences from one store to the other .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
this product is thick enough for a good result .
the quality was better than my cordless landline phone .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
if your looking for something really nice you should keep looking .
i d easily recommend this product at $ or so ,  but $ is a bit high in my opinion .
fits perfectly ,  except you have to use your nail to do the on off switch .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
wish they would fit a little tighter but it works .
i purchased this based on the excellent amazon reviews .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
still giving num_num stars because overall this is a great product i would not want to be without now .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
what is even better is the otterbox design the case with the little cut outs to protect the ports .
i have bought several charging cables and will continue to buy them as i need .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
not much else to say except i recommend it .
but for versatility in a wider range of uses ,  the num_extend works best for me .
it also has an soft color light that glows red while charging .
i go to the gym and this is easier that having earbuds in my ear .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
some are too big ,  some are too small to work well at all ,  this one was just right .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
not many htc one battery cases for sale and this one is pretty good for the price .
the texture of a bread kneaded and then baked in the panasonic is superior to all of them .
great bang for the buck !  recommended highly !  i used the included hoover expensive shampoo .
it s very tough plastic and does a great job at protecting the phone from damage .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i have tried countless screen protectors and these by far have impressed me the most .
sometimes it fits well and other times a top piece keeps popping off .
you have to put some pretty good torque on it to get it to open .
got this at target on clearance for less than amazon price .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
price great ,  would have paid more for such a great microwave and toaster .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it is about half an inch wide and fits snugly in the cap .
i have had these for about a year now and they really hold up .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
the tea tastes better and the cleanup is easier than the other brand .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
and i m glad i bought the larger size .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
plus it s easy to connect to your xbox num_extend
perfect !  i could never get the coffee strong enough so i decided to give it a boost .
the price is right ,  and this is the only adapter that has tethered the two devices .
if you re like me and can t stand a tangled cord ,  this thing is perfect for you .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
i got this after getting the large griddle .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i am no snickering audiophile ,  but the sound is pretty good to me .
it is beautiful ,  but i didn t like using it for everyday .
really ,  this is a very simple piece of equipment .
it s not perfect ,  but i haven t found a bluetooth headset that i love yet .
i thought it was smaller than the photo led me to believe ,  but other than that ,  it was great .
clean your filter in vinger and warm water once every two weeks and it will last a while .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
this corn popper is a simple ,  but effective machine .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
i ve had it for about a month and fresh oj every day .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
i ve had this popper for over a month now and it works great .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
every once in awhile ,  i ll use a clorox wipe ,  and give it a really good wiping all over .
the handle helps me to hold it if needs be .
i would recommend this soap holder if you have glass or smooth tile .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
the sound quality is very good but the features ,  interface ,  etc all leave a lot to be desired .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
an excellent little adapter for connecting a usb device to your micro usb port .
the num_extend has a faster processor ,  num_num mp camara and num_extend mm jack . the keyboard is really nice and soft .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
no problems definitely worth the $ and some change that i paid for it .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
and for the price ,  you truly cannot go wrong !  .
sound quality is generally good  occasionally ,  it interferes with other signals but signal is generally strong  .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i have not used it much but was happy with it when i did .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
what a great device !  i ve had this product for about num_num weeks and it s apowerful little bugger .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i ve owned this waffle maker for going on num_num years now and it is great .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
you see i ordered lots of filters as well .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i haven t had them long enough to comment on their durability but overall they appear to be high quality .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
and got it a day earlier than estimated .
love ,  love ,  love this appliance and use it once ,  sometimes twice ,  a day .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
just pop it in fill with coffee and brew .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
it also has good grip and isn t so smooth that it slips out of your hands .
great for those that don t have much to do with phone .
after having to send the first one back with a big crack the second one came just fine .
i bought this to have a few extras .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
the unit looks great ,  but i wish they had included the hardware to mount it .
it is so effortless i thought it had not worked .
alright ,  so i don t actually know that much about bt headsets ,  but this thing is amazing .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i have other retractable cables like this and this is one of the better ones i have used .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
i found them on amazon at a more reasonable price .
works great with wide mouth jars but not so much with other kinds .
i m good for a couple hours at most .
i especially liked the feature that had it turn off automatically .
as evident from the picture ,  it has a nice contrast of white and pink .
i use it once a while and it is very handy and very easy to clean .
this was a great case for my phone .
other people have given you enough reviews about how good it is .
it is a nice hard plastic case that does protect it from minor falls and scratches .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
my eyes have also improved and they aren t so runny when i wake up in the morning .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i hope this review helps you with your decisions .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
of course another nice feature is a multilanguage support which you can not have in windows mobile phones  e . g .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
works like it should could be a bit more better but its worth the money .
keeps the phone safe from an accidental drop .
many excellent reviews ,  so i went for it .
this one of the greatest products from plantronics !  !  i have tried others that have failed signifantly in the past .
it has very good range especially with my panasonic cordless phone .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
i recommend a lot of practice to those who have never used one before .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
overall these bags are good ,  and they re a convenient size .
but it worked well for blending soup ,  making smoothies and whipping up mashed potatoes .
works very well ,  but i have to use pliers when it needs to be remove for any other device .
it has a beltclip ,  and the flap closure is magnetic .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i prefer it ,  it s a mouth feel ,  texture and taste thing for me .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i can always depend on the pyrex brand .
it is sealed very well to the stainless steel so there is no worry of water getting in between .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
it also has textured grip areas to help you keep a grip on the beast .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
i also bought this kettle for making tea and coffee .
i thought this was going to be a cheap piece of junk ,  but it is actually nice .
it s so much better than having to drag out a big ,  cumbersome vacuum .
well ,  turns out i didn t know how much i need this until i got it .
the color goes from darker to more vivid at the top .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
it looks nice sitting on the counter so there it stays and gets used a lot .
i bought one of these coffee makers several years ago .
will definitely buy more if i need a different size .
that is one of the reasons i bought it .
i use it at least once a day .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
the quality is consistent with other oxo products i have .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
i guess it doesn t handle as much force as i imagined it would ,  but it is a good juicer .
it sure saves your screen from getting all scratched and dirty .
other than that ,  the price is fine for what it does .
it works great !  i reviewed the video and read the instructions .
it is larger in person than it looks in photos .
i have otterbox on several products . thank you amazon !  .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
it is so bright that in nearly blinds me while driving at night .
it looks flimsy ,  but is actually quite durable .
they are great ,  they look exactly as the picture and to my surprise they were heavy not light .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
then again its a lot less to buy also  !  so i m happy with it .
would have enjoyed getting a small brush as well ,  to clear out the coffee dust after grinding .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
will recommend buying this if you want to have a phone without a case .
i tried doing it with a knife but with this it is much much easier .
the trays are big enough to handle quite a bit of beef .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
although plastic in construction ,  it is of durable material .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
it was a few years old and well used .
much better than paying $ at the local store .
this is a must for the vacuum sealing system .
keep the manual handy to help you get that thing on correctly .
these bowls are small ,  about the size of a small ramekin ,  but i find lots of uses for them .
very nice little tool to have ,  so happy i spent a little money on it .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
maybe i ll see it sometime . so far what i ve written reviews on i loved .
you can pay a lot for other products but this one does the job just fine .
i prefer this headset to the one that came with my ipod .
i ve used it for all sorts of veggies ,  and even minced fresh ginger in it .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
i do not seriously expect them to last forever ,  but they are lasting a good long time .
worth the extra money over the cheaper one .
these scissors are very sharp and work great !  .
i noticed a difference in the quality of sound .
i like the zipper on the side for easy access .
almost $ each is a little pricey for a glass bottle ,  but these are nice due to the design .
much less screen glare with these . good product ,  good price . get them if you need them .
i look forward to using it with lots of other foods .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
the texture of the material is nice ,  identical to their pmags .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
slight discoloration as would be expected but still holding together nicely .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
take your time putting it on correctly and you re good to go .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
i ve had this a couple of months now and it s a terrific little gadget .
i have been using it about a month and it seems to work fine .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i use it almost every day and it even recovered when i overheated it .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
also has a handy additional port for another usb cable to charge an additional device .
this comes with a really nice long micro usb cord .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
exactly what i wanted ,  with the exception of the size .
although made of lightweight plastic it seems durable .
the extra weight is a plus in my opinion .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
it does have a learning curve to put it on but if you follow the directions ,  it s easy .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
if you want quick ,  effective and easy this is it .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
for num_num bucks ,  this is a great deal .
i have been using this battery for the past two weeks and it has been great .
works incredibly well; whereas with the original battery i had to recharge it mid day ,  this one last .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
great design ,  i may have to purchase the smaller ones also .
i replaced the original battery with this one and what a difference .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
i have a cat and a dog so this vac gets a true workout .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
if you need to pack coffee this is what you need .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
the handle lever works very well . so ,  my only real gripe is about the size of the gun .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
the material ,  size ,  shape ,  weight ,  is all right .
i would absolutely recommend this pillow to anyone who is mainly a side sleeper .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
the price might be a little higher than others ,  but the excellent quality is worth the money .
never had any other problems . i am satisfied with this product .
this can t compare to an otterbox but it s worth the $ i spent for it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
although the design isn t my favorite the quality of the product is what matters most .
my temp controls work well enough to use it as a slow cooker as well .
did feel very large and bulky but it was a great case for my phone  :   .
just pop it in fill with coffee and brew .
a little expensive for a piece of plastic but very useful to have for decorating .
the cord is a little short but this thing definitely does the job .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
maybe not as fancy as a few but for under $ this is a great value .
i really liked that it didn t smudge or get dirty with use over time .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
you will need some very hot water and a brush of some sort to really clean it well .
if you are looking to extend your battery for this phone this is a must .
works great and saves space ,  i stuck it to the exhaust fan apparatus above the stove .
what an ingenious way to reappropriate an unused part of your car stereo system .
my kitchen does not have enough cabinet space so this item does the trick perfectly .
i got this as an add on item because i needed a new sink strainer .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i have a iphone num_extend and the charger has worked just fine since i ve received it .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
bought this to make fresh ground coffee with my new keurig and i was pleasantly surprised .
i also like the little blue light it has to show you it s ready to charge .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
better than a lot of my other covers .
great travel battery ,  i tested it a couple days at home using it to charge my devices .
it is surprised me at the first time when i used it .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
it also works well enough for softer cheese .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
then i got this one and it s great for just $
i love the fact the price was cheap .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
symbian num_num is a really good update to symbian num_extend
while searching for a better way of brewing coffee ,  my main goals was easy ,  convenient ,  and fresh brewed taste .
it s nice to know that if i should break a piece it can be replaced .
this is an inexpensive lightweight cable ,  but feels of good quality .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
very easy to change out the battery ,  too .
it looks so nice ,  i leave it on the counter !  .
i keep it oiled and use it often .
i can keep my phone protected and still hear it when it rings .
i bought another brand of an identical looking product at my local whole foods ,  and made an interesting discovery .
will recommend buying this if you want to have a phone without a case .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
i bought it not expecting much ,  but it has far exceeded my expectation .
its pretty sturdy ,  hence somewhat noisy when juicing .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
it s like having a stereo system in one little device .
love being able to release the pressure by running cold water on the lid .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
this product is well designed and made ,  not perfect .
i hand wash rather than run it through the dishwasher but it is easy to clean .
lid is very tight ,  so i have to push it on ,  but it keeps the stuff in .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i d say it fits a dozen or so .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
thank you so much ,  please get these back in best buy !  .
it cleans up really well just rinsing under water after use .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the sound is good and not so loud that it will bust your eardrums .
a cleaning brush is also a good investment .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
although it didn t fit my expectations ,  i have found a use for it ,  .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
it is as pictured and the graphics are eye catching .
i now enjoy bacon cooked from a microwave .
well ,  both work great for my iphone num_extend would charge my ipad ,  though .
i decided to take a chance and buy one .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
a must have for any samsung device owner .
small enough to pack or carry with you .
but i have used mine since num_num and it is still going strong .
i love listening to my music and when a call comes in it mutes the music to talk .
it slips in and out of my pocket very nice; and i wear tight skinny jeans .
it is quite a bit of cloth that is included .
but it is worth the money just to play with .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
the num_extend set held up so well i bought a num_extend set from amazon as a back up .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
this does make a very large cookie if you use a full scoop .
you have to read and follow the instructions very carefully .
i prefer to be able to turn of the led lights especially when i m charging .
this is the knife that took me from a beginner to a pro .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
this little fan moves a whole lot of air .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
i have no problems pairing with my phone and it fits my ear just fine .
not so with this beauty !  this is as easy to use as a vacuum cleaner ,  just a bit heavier .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
very fast charger at a great price ! update :  microusb port wore out after almost two years .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
i ve had it now for num_num days and it is great .
well made ,  i love the cloudy white instead of clear .
i can t believe i got it for such an affordable price . i almost paid $ for another fancy brand .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
the following things are true about the num_extend
i have honestly never tasted such a great freshly roasted coffee taste before .
i got a replacement shipped to me and it works well .
the coffee tastes good . its small enough to be put out of the way when not being used .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
i like it but its not the best !  .
there s a little bit of static ,  but it s not too bad . the battery life is pretty good .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
would recommend to see this in a touch screen with a qwerty keypad .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
it s sturdy and stands up well to abuse .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
i actually came here to buy a couple more .
the internet is good but i d rather use my home computer for that with comcast .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
i will say that the sony headphones provided with the device were a pleasant surprise .
can t do that so good with this kind of can opener .
it makes great toast !  we had a toaster oven which we like but the toast was never really great .
but when i got it ,  it was $ and that made it well worth it to me .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
sorry ,  i haven t washed it yet so i can t report on that but otherwise ,  i am very satisfied .
works great !  everything i have bought from amazon has been great .
mine is a bit darker gray then the picture shows ,  i love it .
i got num_num years of almost daily use out of it ,  its a good product from a good company .
this is a nice silicone cover ,  not cheap feeling like some other covers you find .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
if you want a mug holder this a good one to have .
if you are looking for something less bulky ,  this is a good option .
i just bought this one again as a gift for my num_extend
my first impression was it looked cheap ,  but after using it i am very pleased with it .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
the audio and video quality are fine with this cable .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
the screen was a great replacement for the phone .
but you can t sleep on your side with just the neck roll . overall ,  this is a great pillow .
i purchased it with another brand extended battery and also fitted .
the buds fit comfortably in my ears without the extra attachments included in the package .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i am giving it num_num stars because for the price and comfort ,  it works quite well .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
plugged it in ,  checked the connections and it worked great .
she was so pleased when i gave her this one .
it does correspods with the minute timer and it works .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this inexpensive solution fixed it with little effort .
i liked the product ,  the only thing that sometimes it would not stay connected inside the phone .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
i was able to try various configurations without having to buy the different parts .
i know lots of people write this in their review ,  but it s really true for me .
i bought these back in num_extend and still use them every day .
they are also quite beautiful and a little different than typical rings .
the sound isn t perfect but it is pretty good .
this product is very good for the price ,  but not quite as perfect as apple products .
good ,  hot ,  reasonably strong coffee that tastes like coffee ,  but without bitterness .
its not top of the line stero quality but still very good for price .
i ended up finding my old charger but i think this one is actually better .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
needed an extra cable for travel with my tablet and this one fills my needs .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
after searching i found this on on amazon .
i like the size and style of these; many are too big and conspicuous .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
i was surprised at the quality of the product .
will buy another one if i have to .
the shape of the glass is what helps .
it makes it easy to find my phone which is an issue for me .
stay sharp and easy to handle !  don t waste you money on any other set .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
i slipped my phone into the case ,  nice and snug .
used one of my own cables and everything s great .
i have used it well and all but once it ran flawless .
if you shop around ,  you can probably find one just as good as this one for a lower price .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
such a great product i bought two !  !  one for my bike and one for a friend .
i found the motor very quiet compared to others that i had in the past .
samsung is a little particular and pref that you use authentic samsung cables with their devices .
i bought one like this several years ago .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i got this to replace my old one .
i have to call amazon later on and let them know but other than that their great .
it holds the phone in place wonderfully and it doesn t fall off your belt when it is bumped .
i really like this board and the size of it .
it worked really well but the clean up was a hassle .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i can make coffee that is stronger than i like so it does just fine for me .
excellent for use as stand for facetime or just using the phone on a small ,  portable stand .
i know lots of people write this in their review ,  but it s really true for me .
incidentally ,  the price is low for an item of such good quality .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
worked with them just a little to get rid of the bubbles and all is good .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
i haven t tried it for that yet ,  but it s certainly big enough for that .
i already have one of these i had purchased a year ago on amazon ,  and ,  i absolutely love it .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
the metal is sturdy and not easily bent like some other cutters that i ve had .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
it distributes heat well and cleans off without too much fuss .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
maybe i got a fluke ,  but it is great .
it does take some usage to get it nicely seasoned .
i also have a screen protector ,  so that helps .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
no longer have the num_extend but when i did this case worked very well with it .
it s not as good as my beloved utensil ,  but it works .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
the blade is extremely sharp and someone could get cut grabbing it .
a nice short ring at an audible level .
it is sturdy but ,  i wish it were a little larger .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
i only wish i had found it a long time ago !  !  .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
i got one of these as a gift about num_num years ago .
highly and i think most stuff is a scam but this is worth it .
they let me return it and sent me a new one that works great .
i don t use during rigorous activity like running ,  so they stay on well for me .
the ease of a slow cooker is great ,  and this one works wonderfully .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it works great ,  i read a few reviews about the battery and it does have one .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i use canning jars to store everything and these plastic lids are great for storage purposes .
this a great phone case for someone who wants their phone protected but doesn t like flashy cases .
but i now have one of work and for home .
i can t vouch for the durability of the screen yet ,  but it saved me a lot of money .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i loved this device so much ,  that i purchased num_extend
it has quality of simply calphalon so i don t expect it to be heavy like calphalon commercial line .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i am pleased that they offer this small model ,  it is perfect for one coffee drinker .
the bowls feel lighter than other stainless bowls we have used .
although i don t love the designs on corelle products ,  i found them acceptable .
this battery did the job really well with no problems .
supports fast charging at num_extend and a good connection at the micro usb port .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this skillet will get hot enough and hold the heat .  .  .  . that is so important .
though i have seen some poor reviews of this product i am impressed with these  inexpensive  earphones .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
i don t like my popcorn slimed so for me this is perfect .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
this doesn t produce as fine of mist as pam spray ,  but it still produces a nice even coat .
when the battery life exceeds num_num hour talk time the sound is great .
but it also works great for tea !  and i do really like tea .
they ll work great for the first several months ,  but after that you might as well buy new ones .
this battery wasn t used long but the time it was in use it worked very well .
this chair is sturdy ,  a great value ,  and blends in with the style of the other chairs .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
i returned the product for a new one and so far the second one has held up much better .
i will buy another when the time comes .
i love the fact that i can keep it in a drawer .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
they are nice and heavy and have a large capacity .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
so i looked around until i found this .
wife broke the first one but liked it well enough we had to get a second one .
it also has an soft color light that glows red while charging .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this pan is a little bigger than i thought as well .
i ve been using this case for months already and i really like it .
i bought this a while ago and had to write a review because of how much i loved it .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i have used this to grind spices as well and it works very nicely for spices too .
i purchased it with another brand extended battery and also fitted .
i origionaly had the num_extend that is a great headset .
all in all ,  a good screen protector for the iphone num_extend
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i was happy i could pop it without oil though .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
it worked fine for just over a year .
perfect size opening in the back for the camera .
i found them on amazon at a more reasonable price .
we have only tried the chocolate so far ,  but it is so tasty .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i forgot how tasty freshly popped corn can be .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
nothing sticks to it and if it does then it is very easy to clean .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
all in all a great machine but i m sure nowadays you can purchase better ones .
if you drink cocoa regularly this is a great find .
it even has special pockets for scissors and tape .
the quality of the material top grade ,  there s a bit of unevenness with the mesh .
and it s just like movie popcorn !  delicious !  ! the only negative .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i made sure to add my water before the coffee and it works well that way .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
this has given me a new lease on life; and ,  already ,  my skin tone has improved .
it keeps it hot so you can wait a few minutes before pouring it .
if you re a screaming audiophile you re probably not listening to your phone ,  but this really ,  really sounds good .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i highly recommend spending an extra $ and getting the metal blueant num_extend earhook replacement on amazon .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
using the same amount of coffee and water ,  we get a great ,  smooth ,  strong cup of coffee .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
happy with purchase ,  wish i would have bought earlier .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
my $ one was not . terrific value ,  terrific price ,  fast shipping .
although the headband looks like it could snap anytime ,  it actually holds up pretty good .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
have not used it much but when i do it works as advertised .
this is a pretty good product for its price .  . thought it would of been cheap and ripped by now .
i bought this because it matched the three piece set that i also bought .
i was so happy to find these on amazon .
it s nice to have a phone that the battery does not die on you .
it s made of a rubbery plastic ,  much harder than the silicone ones but still providing good grip .
recommended .  .  .  . i am going to order couple of more as well .
i received the item yesterday and opened it right away .
i wouldn t say it exactly looks good though .
this set gives you a nice selection with the num_num pieces .
it takes a good amount of pressure to squeeze the handles to work effectively .
the length is a bit awkward but it does do the job .
i bought this hoping the quality was still good for this unit .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
the locking mechanism is a wonderful addition to keep closed when not in use .
the lid does lock down and is easy enough to use .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
the shape of the glass is what helps .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
i love that i can steam foods while my rice is cooking .
a friend had one of these cups and loved it so i bought num_extend
still freezes up every once in awhile but really good phone .
i use mine with my iphone num_extend and it s absolutely fantastic .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i have never had any loss of steam and it is very easy to clean .
very nice product and much cheaper than other retailers .
the strap velcroed around my arm nice and tight but with give .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
we bought two of these about a year ago .
i decided to try this one out since the price was right .
you can disassemble the filter to clean it out  and i recommend you do every month or so .
great product ,  hoever it is too bulkuy and big .
a gift for my daughter and her husband ,  they were thrilled with it .
it saved my phone from breaking many times .
we got this to replace an older popcorn maker .
i ve had my turning slicer for a few years now and it makes the best raw veggie noodles ever .
it even saved me when i had an extended power outage .
they also will melt if you expose them to high heat .
i ve used otterbox cases on a number of products and they are top notch .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
the lid doesn t fit as cleanly as i d like but otherwise it s a great product .
unlike other screen protectors that i have purchased in the past ,  these are very good ones ,  and inexpensive .
the leather seems to be very rugged and looks nice .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i have owned num_num plantronics headsets and i liked all of them .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
i d recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
i ve used it a couple times and it seems to be holding up .
right away i set it up and got to work .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
a little larger than i wanted but they are great !  .
it takes some time to charge but it does the job .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this could be a great help . i have since purchased a more modern purifier with several filters .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
works great !  it is so much quieter than the previous models of this grinder .
my mom always had one when i was a kid .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
i will buy more in the future if needed .
it turned out delicious ,  much better than expected .
very cheap ,  and good quality for the money .
this would obviously not work well with heavy batters  like bread  ,  but for mixing thin batters it is ideal .
i m going to still keep this one also .
i am returning to using this  basic phone  it is great to text with and call with hands down .
but its still better than my original battery .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
if this one ever breaks i will definately buy again .
this product is a lot heavier than my previous version and i like the weighty feel . dishwasher safe .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i have only used the new mixer a few times so far ,  but it certainly appears robust enough .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
other than that ,  great product i d purchase again .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
it is pretty thick so it protects the phone .
for num_num bucks ,  this is a great deal .
it does one thing good and that s to charge my num_extend gen ipod nano .
it is durable which is always a problem with scoops .
i got these to carry extra batteries for my flash .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i found it an hour later ,  in a puddle in the rain .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
received the product fairly quickly and in good condition .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
has a nice plastic safety on the blade and is really easy to use .
it doesn t always work that way ,  but it s a good plan .
the screen is larger ,  and it is a touchscreen .
i actually like the color that i have better than the color shown .
the unit i bought included an extra mug which is also a great num_extend
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
the aluminum is nice and shiny ,  although it does scratch easily  being aluminum  .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
amazing product !  i never saw anything like this and had to have it .
otherwise ,  i like it and i will continue to experiment with other recipes .
still ,  these are budget headphones after all ,  with a nice quality feel .
i got this to cook steak and panini on my stovetop .
i got these to replace my plastic food storage containers and that s what i did .
i ve bought several of these over the years .
it will work for any product that has a micro usb port .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i wanted something fun and girly for my phone .
that aside it does work just as well charging my ipod .
it is an excellent pot ,  but when filled ,  it is heavy .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
the screen is beautiful and bright . however i did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
i had this smartphone for about num_num months ,  and it is a great android os .
this item is a little pricey but well work the price .
i use mine daily and its nice and light .
i found this processor on amazon and bought it .
this is a lot larger than one would think .
this charger works better than the samsung  oem  car charger that i own and paid over $ for .
the new one doesn t have that problem and works very well .
the price is reasonable for what you re getting .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
much better than single cup heated in microwave .
great for keeping hot dishes hot and cold dishes cold .
it s like a good version of something that s organic .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this product is good for making iced tea .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
i also got the yogurt cheese maker ,  this too has been wonderful .
its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i would recommend buying a clear protector to the phone with this product .
such a simple concept that i didn t think it was going to work !  works beautifully .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
i also love that the power automatically cuts off once the device being charged is full .
it s so very rare you find a product that does a great job at what it claims to do .
i ve only had to charge it once and battery life seems excellent .
i also think it makes a better cup of coffee than the drip maker i had .
works pretty good ,  it has a clicking sound when you first turn it on ,  but no big deal .
it is surprised me at the first time when i used it .
but i have purchased other products from amazon . com and the quality has been incredible .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
i have well water which is not the best ,  these filters do the job .
this cable is a better solution that having to open and solder all of your chargers .
it holds a good charge ,  i can t tell which one is the old one .
i love this case !  it does not add too much bulk to the phone compared to others .
maybe not entirely necessary ,  but it did work well when i made num_extend
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
i was completely unimpressed with the original jawbone ,  but the icon actually works .
i also purchased a good sharpener to keep my knives sharp .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i got it new on ebay cheaper than amazon .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the cable is sturdy and a good length .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
usually when the yogurt is through processing ,  i add fruit to make a drinkable smoothie !  so nutritious and tasty .
it is a great scoop but don t so like i did .
received it on time and if i needed it again i would buy it .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
will probably buy more of these in different colors !  .
i even polished the nails red to give it a little piazza .
doesn t add much to the iphone so the size is great too .
i had a brand new one within a week or two .
i got this iron after researching lots of products and reading countless reviews .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the trick is to have the dough the proper consistency .
i ve been using simple mobile for about num_num years now ,  and love it ! these sim cards are great .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
it was delicious ! i used to think it was a pain to clean and wanted removable bowls .
i also bought the class kit to go with it and it works great .
the texture have only light gripping ability but it is better than completely smooth plastic .
no battery lasts forever and this has held up as well as the oem .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
you can t unscrew the lid without opening it  a good thing  .
i picked this item up at a local store .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
they are great looking ,  well made ,  and i love the lower profile on a num_extend quart size .
good buy if you are purchasing for more than yourself .
i love it ,  it keeps all my sponges dry .
i knew this bumper wouldn t protect anything but it looks good though lol .
a little too small for what i was expecting but good for one person .
the lid is convenient when using it for wet ingredients that require pouring .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i still haven t found a phone with a camera that s worth using .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
now that we don t ,  we don t use it any more but i d recommend for pet owners .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the only thing that i have to say about it is that i love it .
i got this for my wife for her num_extend
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i love the taste of the final filtered water and it has made my budget a ton cheaper .
i would buy again ,  make a good spare cord .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
that is all i wanted for christmas !  thank you .
it s great ,  keeps my hands from being burned and easier to use then a towel .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
it is on the short side but works as it should .
i d recommend it to anyone who just wants a simple case with no frills to protect their phone .
it s very small but can hold a decent amount of water .
it s worth the price ,  i suggest buying a lot and since they are so cheap .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
it works great !  but it falls out occasionally and needs readjusting a lot .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i noticed that some reviewers criticized this feature ,  but i like it .
it worked out nice ,  since i only wanted num_extend
it s a few dollars more ,  but it s a very nice unit .
i ve wanted one of these for a long time and finally got my hands on one .
overall i found the headphones comfortable to wear and use .
i m a fan of oxo products and this ladle didn t disappoint .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i did not buy this at amazon ,  but i do own it and like it a lot .
i bought it in a local gourmet shop .
you definitely won t need to buy another phone case ever !  !  !  .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
a bit thin ,  not the highest grade stainless steel ,  but it does the job .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
the sound isn t perfect but it is pretty good .
i like the shape ,  it s comfortable enough to wear all day  and i wear it from num_extend a . m .
the cross ring is a little tight to snap right in the groove first time .
so far ,  it has worked rather well and i ve had no problems .
i got this for my dad for his birthday .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
price point :  at $ i think it is a good num_extend
so nice to have the essence available whenever you want a cup of coffee .
the num_extend works well with my ipad  wifi  ,  iphone num_num and ipod touch .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
when i am just carrying the phone or it is in my pocket the phone is well protected .
the button also works as call answer on some phones .
my water used to be cloudy before i used this ,  really works and tastes good .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
i think i will order another for myself !  .
blend until smooth and sweeten to taste with splenda or granular sugar .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
it fits on my phone even though i use different cases with my phone .
this is an inexpensive lightweight cable ,  but feels of good quality .
i was not sure about this one but the sound is pretty good and loud enough .
works great for my htc droid incredible num_extend
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
the quality of the product is second to none .
i think i bought this after doing some research and reading good praises and recommendations for this .
the material and craftsmanship while poor ,  performs adequately well and is of a more than reasonable price .
i did of course cut myself pretty good with it .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
it would be nice to use inside a smaller microwave as well .
it gives us the choices in pan sizes .
i have one of these at home and take one with me when i travel .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
makes a good filter if yo use a drip method .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
i like it small ,  perfect for my small apartment .
wish i had found this one long ago .
it came on time and in wonderful never been opened or tampered with condition  !  .
great product ,  i was expecting the large one to be slightly larger .
still better than buying $ ones that keep breaking though .
it is somewhat messy ,  but it does the job .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
i love this case ,  a lot !  the only thing i dislike is that the design rubs off .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
i needed something that controls work with my galaxy num_extend had good sound ,  and good cable management .
; i can recommend this item ,  although it has gotten fairly costly .
i wish i had found it years ago .
it s worth noting the inside of the plastic is partially lined with felt .
needed an extra charging cable and this fit the bill .
and is far quieter and easier to use than my old blade grinder .
works well with older laptop and a newer pc .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i knew i would love it ,  i mean come on .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
use it a couple of times a week .
i love making artisan bread but needed a baking stone .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
they are also nicely made and not that thin plastic junk that so many toys are made out of .
bought one of these a year or so ago and use it often inside the bbq and the oven .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
i have arthritic hands and this handle is super .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
other than that it is a good product .
bought as a gift for my daughter !  it is the one she requested .
they are not great ,  but based a very good value for the money .
this is a decent phone case for the price ,  i didnt expect high quality for such a cheap price .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
it doesn t hold a lot of debris ,  but it is pretty strong .
this vacuum is light and easy to use .
overall the product is a good product ,  but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
it works well ,  but i haven t had it long enough to comment on battery life .
this case also comes with a screen cleaner cloth and a device to help apply the screen protector accurately .
i have had several other products and this works really nice .
it makes a great cup of coffee for those of us who only drink one cup at a time .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
they are great for bulk cereal and chip bags .
makes a good cup of espresso for the price .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
nice replacement set and now i am back in business !  ok .
i will purchase a entire set next time !  !   if the price is right !  !   .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i tried the num_extend port ,  and the usb headset port while charging and all is good .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
just tried this for the first time last month and it works great .
it is weighty ,  but the handle design helps balance that out a bit .
it s not the most leak resistant ,  but it is the best insulated by far .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this unit is a bit quicker and pulls a vacuum better .
i m glad i did it a second time .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it is a good product at a good price .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i got a replacement shipped to me and it works well .
i bought a few of them to give as gifts .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
bought as a gift for my daughter !  it is the one she requested .
i bought this along with many other parts when i was rebuilding a droid incredible .
it is a good scraper but i would have liked it better if it had a wooden handle .
i like to keep it hand and to have able to dry out .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
for a single person it s a great size .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
it would be a bargain at its regular price of about $ but at $ it is a steal !  .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
it s also good if you don t have the strongest hand grip in the world ,  too .
i wish the beeps were different for each channel but overall it is a good product .
i cannot give a higher recommendation !  the seller delivered on time .
it also has an additional compartment for spare batteries or accessories .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
the connector piece is very sturdy and does not come out easily .
i have become pretty good at putting them on .
would recommend to those who have a iphone num_extend or num_extend
great for whatever use you may need it for .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
finally they are hidden nicely in the closet .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
actually ,  i like this so much better than those with that long handle sticking out the side .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
it works good and all but i wish the cord was just a little bit longer .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
another great thing about it is the size of the juice container .
i use this for brewing homemade kombucha and it works great .
they flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine .
it s got a nice heavy duty plastic handle so you don t have to worry about getting burned .
i gave this as a gift to my sister .
it also seems to help with the allergies .
so much so i bought a second one .
shipped to me a day before it was supose to arrive !  thanks will buy from this seller again !  .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
an added bonus is that the call quality is much clearer on the num_extend
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
it s simple easy and best of all i don t have to worry about bugs .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
honestly don t need it very often ,  but it is handy when i do .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
price on amazon was great at less than $
it is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to num_num degrees .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
so ,  i didn t receive what i had ordered ,  but the company was amazing about getting me what i needed .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
pretty good product !  i tend to go through headphones pretty fast ,  but these lasted a while .
the case does not provide protection to the screen ,  but does look very nice .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
what sets apart the amazon brand is the price .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
comfort is good ,  though it decreases slightly on extended use .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
it wouls be nice to see one made of stainless steel rather than aluminum .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
i got this for my mom s phone that kept needing charging in the middle of the day .
previously ,  i have been using a faberware espresso machine that was decent for the price and produced excellent crema .
yuck !  this does the job without getting all gunky and it rinses clean easily .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
works good but kinda hard to read in low light without a flashlight .
it comes with a few adapters and will work with the iphone usb cable .
i didn t want to do a review until i used it for a while . so far ,  it s great .
i got this for my mom s phone that kept needing charging in the middle of the day .
i do prefer the rubberized over the metallic because it has more of a grip .
it works well for me as i do not put real heavy items on it .
in the past i ve paid as much as $ for similar devices ,  so this is a reasonable price .
for $ i wasn t expecting much ,  but it turned out to be the best mount i ve had .
i love this thing ! adding after num_num weeks :  the filter gets clogged easily and you can lose suction .
it isn t great for soft foods but it is great on everything else .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
it s a plastic shell ,  but feels sturdy and firm .
the price was so great ,  i bought num_num so i can replace them whenever i want to .
these works well ,  but the handles are so big ,  you could use two hands .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
it is sturdy for putting my plants on .
i ve never cooked with cast iron before ,  and there is definitely a difference .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
it pops the popcorn great and i get few kernels that do not pop .
i am not fond on the two piece snap ons ,  but the design made it worth it .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
the stainless steel chopsticks are pretty nice looking and work as expected .
requiring two hands to get the thing going makes it an interesting num_extend
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
this was super cheap and it looks nice .
it is not as fast as the original and sometimes stops charging at % but it works well .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
worth paying the extra money over cheaper products that may last a month or two .
num_extend htc inspire num_extend premium clear lcd screen protector cover guard shield .  .  . very useful and easy to take it on .
i bought one at target about three years ago .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
easy to wipe clean ,  but takes a steady hand to apply .
otherwise ,  find a coffee that gives results you like .
i even played some mozart and it was amazing .
this juice extractor is perfect for my needs .
now my great review is not so amazing .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
if you want to use it as a spice grinder ,  it s a great option .
it is great for cookies but also anything you could cook on a cookie sheet .
washed it a couple of times and came out great .
nice to have these in a set to save some money .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
the sound quality of the speaker is quite good but not acceptional .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
perfect for someone who doesnt want a flashy but nice case .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
nothing works as well as this inexpensive cover .
the price of this product is a little high ,  but reasonable .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
better coffee than those coffee makers  ,  byfar !  .
i like the smaller size since it is more kid friendly .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i bought this unit about one year ago .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
i was not sure what this one would be like ,  but i m delighted with it .
nice colors and inexpensive price is what attracted me to purchase this product .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
much better than i d expected for the price .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i used the slicer attachment to slice up some cabbage ,  worked just as well as slicing it by hand .
this is amazing !  honestly tastes like espresso !  i also stopped by ikea to pick up the $ milk frother .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
destroyed one side of my cutting board with this exquisite device .
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
used it on the grill and it worked well there also .
bought it to compliment the other colors of the sorrento line .
it requires a firm hand on top to keep it from rattling .
this is good for infrequent use and small batches .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
works well but is a bit longer then i need .
it works just like a very similar model i owned in the past .
it is so easy to maneuver it around the house you almost forget its following you .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
it is what i just what i ordered .
it s great ,  i love it ,  but the handle is too short for my liking .
great protection with this case ,  but when you put it on it catches on the screen protector .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
great battery and much better than the one that came with my phone !  !  .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
always useful to have an extra battery on stand by because my phone would have issues with the battery .
it didn t bother me ,  and i actually find the  night light  helpful .
it is a bit expensive but i think it is worth the money .
the oxo good grips are generally great kitchen tools ,  well made and long lasting .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
the coffee tastes good . its small enough to be put out of the way when not being used .
i ve only had to charge it once and battery life seems excellent .
with the exception of the sticks being difficult to get and stay upright ,  this is a great little gadget .
i loved this case so much that i bought another to replace my old one .
for the price a great item ,  will buy more .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is .
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was ,  but worked like a charm .
it s cool that i can charge not only my phone but an additional usb powered device via this charger .
good simple screen protector for not a lot of money .
great product !  i ve had it for almost three years ,  and have had no problems with moderate use .
it s a small enough edge that i like it better than a flat tray .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
yes ,  i know canned soup is bad for you but it s great for a quick dinner and clean up .
i use them to broil and bake and they wash well .
i always loved my espresso ,  but must say .  .  . i enjoy the coffee from this little beauty even more .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
this ice shaver for $ delvered is a fine bargain .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
supports fast charging at num_extend and a good connection at the micro usb port .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it s really hard to describe how good it sounds .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
they are filled with lots and lots of calories .
i think a smaller one would work well .
but its still better than my original battery .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
as always dealing with amazon was quick and painless .
it is also very well built ,  and easily holds my size num_num shoes with ease .
at $ on amazon it s a great deal compared to the list price of $
works well !  sometimes after market products don t work ,  but that isn t the case here .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
great when you re battery is low and you need a boost .
i purchased two of these at a great price of $ each from amazon for my droid num_extend
they ship from china so it s not super quick but worth the wait .
the sound is good and not so loud that it will bust your eardrums .
i have owned it for about num_num months and its still going strong .
it is a little heavy but good exercise for the arms .
you can t beat this many for the price .
i m not a big toast eater but enjoy an occasional slice every few days with breakfast .
the sound quality is amazing for the price i did not expect it to be this great .
i just wish i would have got this sooner !  an excellent product .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
the peels are thin and sleek and make perfect treats for the chickens and guineas .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
works just as well and even better then some of those other expensive phone chagers .
this is a nice mug that holds a substantial amount .
the oster is good because it has a temperature dial and you can adjust the heat to your liking .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i found one in a store almost exactly the same for $ so this is a great deal .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this thing is a little odd looking but it s just beautifully engineered .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
the pink isn t too pink but it s still bright .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
the quality is better than the ones i have bought by spending $ or more .
smaller than i thought which is good because that means it will be easier to store .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i got these because of the rating and price point .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it is a nice hard plastic case that does protect it from minor falls and scratches .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
i also tested it with an iphone num_extend and it paired perfectly with that as well .
we got these for our spices that we keep in mason jars .
it is pretty quiet on the lowest setting and still moves a lot of air .
very powerful that charges my iphone at least num_num times .
takes about num_num minutes on medium gas heat to brew ,  well work it for a classic taste !  .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i ordered one from amazon back in num_extend and was very pleased when it arrived .
with the amazon price and delivery if your dinc needs a new battery this is the way to go !  .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
so i was happy to see amazon sold it !  i bought it and received it quickly .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
mine are rather large ,  and this thing fits fine !  .
its strong enough to take a hit when you drop the phone .
it s just the right size ,  not too big and not too small .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
i bought this coffee maker a couple of years ago .
doesnt protect much but holds on my arm well .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
great item !  just like i see on tv .
i found this much easier to clean after use than my royal .
i see what people say about the sound level ,  but it works fine for me .
yes ,  it s not as good as iphone s but ,  for what i m using it ,  it s just right .
have had another set of these and they lasted very well ,  now i have num_num sets .
i got this particular one because it s the biggest size i could find .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
it is also quite sturdy for a cheaply priced case .
the plastic even has a small nick and it still hold up .
my youngest daughter requested this as a gift .
it s sweet to be able to bake instead of deep frying .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
i now realize i like the feel better with the soft rubber over these buttons .
with the right coffee ,  it beats most coffee shop espressos hands down .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
once you figure out how to work it ,  it s a nice timer .
i liked that this was yellow so i can grab the right one at a glance .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
it s easy to clean off with a paper towel after cooking .
very few kernels unpopped and popcorn tastes great .
great value !  to buy these in stores they want way to much money .
all i can say ,  great headset ,  can t even tell it s in your ear .
i love the way they look and handle .
i have been using this slicer a good bit now .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
the cup has to be small but as it turned out i had one that fits great .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i bought this for my iphone num_extend and it worked like a charm .
i bought this product after moving into a new apartment .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i purchased this battery as a replacement and it s still running strong .
i am using this for my samsung hmx num_extend camcorder and perfoms perfectly .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
to begin with it is easy to hold .
they are nice and heavy and have a large capacity .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
this was a nice little kit with num_num pieces in one purchase .
anyway ,  it s all an experiment ,  but even the runnier stuff makes a great drink .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i ve been using it for several months and it s still working .
is a must for my num_num yr old daughter .
i had a brand new one within a week or two .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
it is one of the coolest toy i ve ever had .
the paint is amazing that it doesn t show fingerprints or grime .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
this bag is a generous size for the price .
the num_extend works well with my ipad  wifi  ,  iphone num_num and ipod touch .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
for the price i would say they are probably a good value .
i ve had a couple of different plugs and they all worked .
this thing is indeed extremely heavy and the helper handle is indeed helpful .
this one is easy to set ,  press in the numbers on the num_num little buttons .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i adjusted it and it took care of the problem .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
its good for alot of things has num_num functions .
they hold a good ,  tight seal for the food .
there are many detailed reviews about this product; mine simply adds another num_extend star  rating which is well deserved .
this is a lightweight unit ,  small in size and the clip is lightweight but sturdy .
it puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
nice phone for the kids ,  simple to use and setup .
the clarity was fantastic and other people couldn t even tell i was on a headset .
she does not tolerate the commercial nutrition ,  but does well with her customary food .
and i would recommend the num_num qrt than the num_num qrt .
it does fit all kinds of devices ,  and it fits in my cd player just fine .
great for brewing water for teas ,  hot chocolate and other hot drinks .
it helps you digest your food ,  and may help lose weight as part of a calorie controlled diet .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it has worked great with my phones and other devices .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i cooked it the next night and was surprised at how good it was .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
it has no bells and whistles ,  but if you can do without them ,  i would highly recommend this product .
i also like that it gives me a few chargers and i don t have to recharge it everyday .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
so i thought this would help me and him .
i have to say they are much better than the num_extend
they re easy to clean  just use a basting brush to sweep the powder out from under the blade .
this is a great little shelf ,  which i have sitting over the top of my dryer .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i don t think that has ever happened to me before and it was a nice surprise .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
much better than paying $ at the local store .
excellent product for the cheap price ,  but don t expect it to wear well .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
then i got this ,  and was really impressed ,  even though i discovered that i had been wrong all along .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
much better than i d expected for the price .
this cover makes an old phone look and feel new .
it s made of a rubbery plastic ,  much harder than the silicone ones but still providing good grip .
i wouldn t say it exactly looks good though .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
this looks good and cleans up with a wipe of a wet cloth .
i hadn t been able to do this prior with any other bluetooth device ,  so this was a pleasant surprise .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
i was worried this wouldn t work as well with the touch screen ,  but it s great .
if you can get the kit on sale ,  it s totally worth it to try it once .
they definitely protect the screen from occasional scratches that might occur taking in and out of your pocket .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
other than that perfect on our kitchen counter for just putting phones down to recharge .
nowadays a lot of stuff is made in china and that provides a competitive price .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
the best part is that i have num_num of them .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
these are the cheapest priced yet most well made products i ve ever come across .
i have a iphone num_num and it fit just fine .
i ve had it a month now and it is great .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
although they assured me that it should work well i remained skeptical but i got it anyway .
i got two sizes and they are great .
i only wish they held about two ounces more per glass . still ,  a very good buy .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
i know logitech and have used a lot of their stuff with good results so i tried it .
i also purchased a clear screen protector to give added durability to the screen .
coupled with the nose canceling earbuds and it makes for a good listening experience .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
it makes a great cup of coffee for those of us who only drink one cup at a time .
this is my favorite product and i use it daily .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
i have had several other products and this works really nice .
great alternative versus buying one in store for over $
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
my only gripe is that the rubber is not as tight as it should be  but it s good enough  .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
it isn t great for soft foods but it is great on everything else .
works perfectly ,  sometimes on amazon the seller will say an item is oem and it usually is not .
it is a great case until the holster starts cracking near the side clips .  .  . then it is time to replace .
for roughly the same price as the cheap chargers at walmart ,  i think this is a great buy .
even so ,  it did work for her and she did it on her own .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i like them so much i bought more sizes .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
you have to learn how to use it properly to get good results .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
i ordered this and its cheap in cost but great and does the job .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
feels sturdy and i had not had any issues with it .
i bought these filters for a fantom cordless vac num_extend and they work great .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i tested the relief valve and it works great .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
i have used it for a month now and have settled into a wonderful expresso or two each morning .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
it s great ,  keeps my hands from being burned and easier to use then a towel .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
the blade is extremely sharp and cuts easily .
it has a wonderful flexibility ,  too , which is better than rigid .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
very sharp and has a nice ,  thin blade .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
good price ,  good service !  recommend ! only downside is must remove phone protective case to insert into charger .
brought new life into a great phone thats over num_num years old .
i also with it would cover more space around the camera . for $ i am satisfied with the purchase .
if you treat it with care it will last a long time .
great find for me ,  as the original bowl for my food processor broke .
i had one before this one and it worked great .
i bought this and used it twice now .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i recently got serious about weight loss and took the advice to get a food scale .
i got the purple which i like  kind of a light plum  .
also ,  i would say they are large ,  but they do the job !  overall ,  i really like these .
this is one of the best amazon purchases i ve ever made .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i wasn t to sure how effective this timer would work ,  but it has a cool look .
the only thing that i had to do was trim it a little bit but everything turned out great .
just another part of your traditional coffee experience .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
i needed to get a screen protector and i just happen to get lucky enough to find this .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
if you have any htc num_extend this is a good choice for you .
they worked perfectly and my phone was easily opened with the help of these tools .
i have used the product for num_num years ,  still works like new .
i took off one star for no volume rockers ,  everything else is good .
the beater was the wrong size for my mixer ,  but i was impressed with it anyway .
still acceptable and i m glad i have it .
and for the price ,  you can t really beat it .
just what i needed on my new stove .
it has lasted him about num_num years now and he just got a new one .
it keeps the cord out of my way when ironing and works perfectly .
i got it new on ebay cheaper than amazon .
otherwise ,  this pan works great for smaller portions .
replacing a home button in an iphone num_num is difficult ,  however ,  soooo worth it .
i would recommend this extended battery over the standard battery .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
the locking mechanism is very useful so that you can truly hold it by the handle .
so ,  i didn t receive what i had ordered ,  but the company was amazing about getting me what i needed .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
would highly recommend !  !  !  ! i am adding onto my review after having the item for about num_num months .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
this replacement works better with my new motorola .
this keeps wine fresher if we have left over wine .
i ve only had this a couple days but so far so good .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i love them ! update :  all my glasses eventually broke .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
after struggling for years with a traditional can opener ,  i finally took the plunge and bought this beauty .
i guess my old whisk was really junky ,  but this one is great .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
i bought mine used and it works perfectly .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
when i am in my computer room i also bring it with me .
my goal is eating healthier and i feel i m achieving that with this steamer .
i bought this product due to all the other high reviews .
good lenght and ,  obviously ,  very easy to plug and play .
this is better than using pam and other sprays .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
it s worth the purchase compared to some of the more expensive ones available .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i ve bought two of these in the last couple of years .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
if your original cord gets damaged this is a good alternative to buying the more expensive apple cables .
it only takes a few minutes and is so worth the time .
i use this as a spice grinder and it works well .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
it isn t too big ,  but protects the headset nicely .
this way i can do that without having too big a loaf !  p . s .
it ads very little to the form factor of the iphone ,  has held up well and looks good .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
i saw it got some good reviews so i thought i would give it a shot .
i ve had the machine about num_num years and love it .
for the price this is an excellent alternative to buying oem battery .
it s worth the purchase compared to some of the more expensive ones available .
it has been working for me for months now .
i wish the picture was accurate ,  but it was a nice surprise .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
i bought this more than one year ago and i worked fine it lasted more than one year .
it s big ,  it s heavy and it works beautifully !  i use it for soups and stews primarily .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
good quality at a good price ,  just a tad smaller than the standard one i used to have .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
it works extremely well and i have not had a single leak .
it works well and keeps the cord out of the way .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i was initially concerned the motor might not hold up to the task ,  but it performed beautifuly .
they are better than the more expensive protectors that i ve used in the past .
then if i turned it up a notch ,  it shrieked . this new dect num_extend gives wonderful sound quality .
i recently had to get a new iphone case for my iphone num_num and fortunately found this one .
this is very thick and also very sharp .
for the price ,  i was genuinely surprised that the product i got was the real deal .
my only complaint is the cord is a bit short ,  but otherwise it s a good product .
the bigger screen really makes good use of some of the hd games in the marketplace .
it s a good pan ,  but keep in mind that it s not as good as advertised .
i ordered it and had it in a few days .
the key to making great coffee with it is ,  don t use too much coffee .
you need some extra parts for this antenna  listed here  for setup but it works great for me .
i was pleasantly surprised at how well the audio works based on some of the negative reviews .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
it makes great toast !  we had a toaster oven which we like but the toast was never really great .
i am totally impressed by this tiny mill .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
but i m finding that a headset works better for me .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
after i bought a new one i found it .
very nice and they asked for my serial number and offered to send me a replacement battery .
you will be happy with this phone if you are familiar with android or new to the android community .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i ve owned one of these for about num_num years  and it still works  .
the cell reception as a phone is excellent in our area .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
wish they weren t so expensive but def a good investment !  .
but it is well worth it in my opinion ,  because the taste is superior .
not a high tech high end product ,  but is lightweight and easy to use .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it fit well and i didn t have any issues with it .
i ve been using these for about num_num months now and they work great .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
works like a champ ,  although i think the design looks a little silly .
i got this charger for my wife who uses your phone all day as part of her job .
they work best if phone is in range and doesn t need to search for a signal .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the case is good but it has many flaws .
i have replaced the battery ,  with the thicker one ,  it still works .
these suction cups are great depending on what your purpose of use is .
to keep it extra sharp ,  i d recommend purchasing an accusharp knife sharpener . in all ,  i couldn t be happier .
took num_num orders before i got one that was not defective but it was worth the wait .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
it originally fit my evo num_extend and it also fits the razr maxx  a bit snug  .
that said these may be inexpensive but the quality is there .
i then read the instructions   !   and it works great .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this is only a num_num amp charger ,  and does work very well .
i got one package of these to try out for my first time making candy .
this unit is as good as or better than oem in terms of quality .
my only regret is that i didn t buy this long ,  long ago !  happy sealing  :   .
i am thrilled with the fact that i no longer have to worry about running out of juice .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i never fully realized how much i could enjoy different juices until i got this .
its small design keeps it out of the way .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
the screen can produce a bit of glare on a very sunny day but is still generally readable .
for the price i would say buy it .
the powergen num_extend is a good quality charger .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i d love to have another one .  .  .  . if only i could find the wall space to hang it .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
i bought this as a replacement for a lost cable and it fit perfectly .
overall a decent product as you shouldn t have a bottle of wine open for that long anyway .
they are doing this great little appliance an injustice !  highly recommend .
worth it !  it keeps any extra grounds from getting into the pot of coffee .
it stays put and i feel my phone is safe in this case .
the material for the white plastic part is kind of cheap but the pink silicone part seems pretty good .
it isn t great for soft foods but it is great on everything else .
this case is very functional and the phone dose not slip out of the case .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i like it but its not the best !  .
they are all inexpensive but nothing quite like the feel of a nice quality thick stainless steel part .
what a great find !  i think i need another set .
i will buy again when i need it .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
there is a difference in quality and preformance between the under $ ones and this one .
this has to be among the most pleasant surprises for bluetooth headphones that i paid about $ for .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
i ve have about a year of use on it . it s light ,  sounds good ,  and the battery lasts a long time .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
i like it but its not the best !  .
it is pretty small but moves a lot of air .
pops great and doesn t seem to get as messy from the oil as the previous one .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
i really like this screen protector for my iphone num_extend
works great for my phone ,  never had any issue .
i ve used it for a year and have been really pleased .
good product ,  no bad things to say about it .
got these for my cat to eat from .
though the right setting and how well it works will probably depend on where it is  floor ,  countertop  .
looks just like the picture and good quality .
i was impressed with the product for the money .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
for the price of this case you really can t complaign .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
it is the best stand for that phone that i have tried .
i waited over a year to write my review and it is a great one .
not that these were terribly expensive at about $ but the quality for value is high .
the handle is easy to grip and thick .
best one of these type devices i have had including a jabra and a motorola .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i think i will buy another set soon .
works great !  it is a little smaller in size than my samsung galaxy num_num phone .
i just got a new iphone and have tried several cases .
will put it together when i use it next .
it takes a good amount of pressure to squeeze the handles to work effectively .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i got this battery as a back up ,  especially when i m we re out .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
thanks to amazon and customer reviews this caught my attention .
but for a normal charger it does work .
i ve had my vornado humidifier for several years now and it really does the job in my num_num sq .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
the meat is very tender ,  but doesn t disintegrate .
it took less than a minute to learn how it works ,  and it s so smooth and easy to use .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
it works well but is a little smaller than i had expected .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
brought new life into a great phone thats over num_num years old .
i have this great case in which i still use today .
works great on my blackberry ,  keeps the phone at a viewable angle while charging .
the fact that it costs so much less than the otterbox is fantastic .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
been baking for over num_num years and never had a pastry cutter ,  bought this one and love it .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
and if you are health conscious ,  you can reduce the buttery oil ,  and still enjoy a light buttery taste .
watch for amazon price changes .  . i was able to get it for under $
we have one for the house and i have one at the office .
i prefer this method to using plastic wrap .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
requiring two hands to get the thing going makes it an interesting num_extend
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
it fit perfectly and was able to continue to use the phone .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it s useful  . it s just what i need for use to make food .
i only put it on the charger a couple of times a week and it is fine .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
once its washed up good the bowl is great and holds a lot .
i would recommend and order again when i need them .
i like that it has a light so that i can make suret that my electronic is actually charging .
it is small enough to carry in your pocket .
now to the original comment . this is a very convenient set of measuring spoons .
this is the best !  i am a little peculiar about drinking water .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to num_num degrees .
especially recommended if you have had comfort issues with other headsets or are a glasses wearer .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i bought one of these and it works on my ipod and iphone num_extend
i am glad i bought this instead of a fancy coffee machine that froths . easy to use ,  easy to clean .
it s a bit on a short side and probably best suited for connecting the phone to a laptop .
a must but if you have this phone .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i love it and only wish i had gotten it a lot sooner .
i owned another plantronics headset before this  a voyager num_extend i believe  ,  but this one is even better .
especially useful is the cord so i can wear it .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
after researching a bit ,  i bought the cyberpower one and now the keyboard works fine .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
i was looking for wireless headphones for the gym and those are perfect .
has a good magnet on the back to hold it onto a metal surface .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
does the job and less pricey than some other filters being sold .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
i think the box is of better value in the store for an easy and nice display .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
it s quite powerful and with the two additional blades and the chute attachment it s everything i need .
i really like this cleaning cloth ,  it helps out when the stainless gets slightly dirty .
other than that ,  i feel this is a nice product for the price .
the belt clip seems more durable as well .
i had no problems with this and found it easy to use . set up was easy .
they are a little bit on the heavy side ,  but the thick glass does make them more durable .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
it is certainly a lot lighter than my central vac or the regular vac i used to have .
i am happy to see this item decrease in price to $
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
seeing the amazing reviews ,  i had to give this pan a try .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
still an incredible deal considering the stores get num_num bucks for these things .
it works great and i don t have to use anything more than water !  .
very reasonable and have not had any problems .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
and for that i give this attachment five stars .
i bought this product due to all the other high reviews .
i was hoping it would be more flexible plastic ,  but it works well .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
i ve had these for over num_num months now ,  and i love them .
the earphones come with different earbud sizes to fit multiple types of ears .
i have neck pain and this pillow is perfect for neck support .
admittedly the pump isn t super powerful ,  but for less than $ it does a great job .
this cover is everything i had hoped it would be .
good enough ,  but hardly what i d call great .
the price might be a little higher than others ,  but the excellent quality is worth the money .
i like oem products ,  particularly when it comes to batteries .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
i am actually looking forward to when i can use it .
it doesn t look very sturdy but it actually gives the righ amount of protection .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i get a good strong cup with a bit more than half filled coffee .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
may not be for everyone ,  but i like it .
i have been using the product for more than a month and it is still functioning properly .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i love the feature that lets me know that the battery is low .
i m very impressed with my new soehnle scale .
good buy if you are purchasing for more than yourself .
very easy to use ,  one button push and you are set to go .
i have used it for over num_num months and it works great !  !  !  !  !  !  .
they do not have any odor ,  a very good thing .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
it has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically .
i will just have to use it and see !  !  .
i got this headset to use primarily for walking and moderate workouts .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i must admit the new color scheme is a bit easier to see from a distance .
pick this up and slow the screen protector replacement rate !  a great deal !  .
they are great for crackers ,  chips ,  cookies ,  etc .
use it a couple of times a week .
it is also nice for perishables like dried fruit .
every once in awhile ,  i ll use a clorox wipe ,  and give it a really good wiping all over .
it does have a remote ,  which it a nice feature too .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it s nice to know the ingredients i m using are healthy .
i d prefer one that s a little more stylish in material .
i worried it might be too large for my drawer ,  but it s a perfect fit .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i found the motor very quiet compared to others that i had in the past .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
i ve had this for about a month now and so far so good .
i ended up finding my old charger but i think this one is actually better .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
i used this products for a few weeks and i was so happy .
not the most durable bumper obviously but it serves its purpose .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
not the best out there ,  but for the price asked it is decent item .
i think a smaller one would work well .
has num_num usb ports which is nice also an already built in micro usb for easy charging .
it turned it in to a fine powder .
it s only been a week ,  so i hope it lasts a good while .
great for bread too and peanut butter sandwiches .
ymmv . the sound is also good enough for callers to hear me in my very noisy car .
very tricky to open and put on and take off ,  good for the price .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
i also had another case which seemed to keep the phone very warm when charging .
you have to try it to believe it . and for a very reasonable price .
very good if you want to keep your phone protected .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
the quality ,  consistency and durability were enough for me to purchase a second ,  as expensive as they are .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
it is still telling me that the battery level is high .
i wanted a tea kettle with a handle that stays cool and holds plenty of water .
it s so inexpensive that i bought a spare to have on hand .
if it s still going for around $ on amazon ,  i d highly recommend buying it .
however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value .
the carafe keeps it warm for a reasonable period of time .
i read somewhere in one of the reviews a good way to clean it .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
great product i have ordered few because i keep break mine or just losing them all together .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
these fit a little better at the top but that s about it .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i don t care for that as i paid for new merchandise but the unit has performed well so far .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
much better than the nails i used before .
i don t have any other brands to compare it to ,  but everything seems to work well .
this does work in boosting your signal and does it well .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
it went through my finger skin very well too lol .
it is nicer to look at than the picture indicates .
its as good as the regular samsung battery that came with the phone .
can t beat stainless cookware for durability and cooking control .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
it does allow for the versatility of using a small wireless unit as source .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
i spent a bit more on the razr ,  but it was reasonable .
i can t tell you the best apps to get as it depends on how you re using the phone .
charges and holds a charge just like the original battery .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
it frees up the top so it doesn t hurt your ear when talking for a while .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
a nice canon l lens  ,  but it is well made ,  and more than sturdy enough to do the job .
eventhough the price has rised $  fyi at target store it s still num_num bucks  they re still worth buying .
i hang it in my closet ,  and it s been helping to keep things organized .
this i an average phone but a very good price .
i handle it with care for fear of cracking it .
i got this pot to use as a small deep fryer .
i will love this case ,  but i ordered it more than num_num days ago with other two items .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
i have one of these and actually bought this for my sister because she wanted one .
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
decent price for the convenience of purchasing online .
it gives substance to such a small phone .
i got this for my ipad ,  and it folds up and comes with a case .
i bought two of these the first time .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i don t often rave about a product ,  but this one deserves it .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
it is very loud  similar to a blow dryer  ,  but it works quickly and well once it gets going .
i would buy this again in different sizes .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
also i can take panoramic photos mounted in a tripod .
i have had to cash in on the lifetime warranty before and oxo was very easy to deal with .
it s solid and a beauty even though the screen seems small this late in the game .
this allows the bread to rise a bit more than simply relying on the machine .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
there is a special air duct which helps the water not to  bubble  over .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
at the time i purchased it ,  it was at around num_num bucks ,  so it was an amazing value .
i was even more thrilled when i got it .
i find it works on more frequencies than others i have tried .
it works great with the ipad ,  ipod ,  and itouch .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
i have a hydrosil heater in one bedroom ,  and it s pretty good ,  but the cost was over $
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
the price of this product is a little high ,  but reasonable .
they are genuine oster products or pretty good counterfeits .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
pretty neat trick for my car ,  but may stick out too much for others .
the leather isn t real obviously but it s an attractive ,  simple case .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it probably won t last forever ,  but it is worthwhile nevertheless .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
i have to use butter to keep the eggs from sticking . other than that i love this product .
i got this for my droid incredible cell phone .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i think this helps the flavor of the coffee .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i like it but its not the best !  .
the magnet in this thing is really strong .
the cover is very good for being such an inexpensive item .
this is my first set of bluetooth headphones ,  but i was pleasantly surprised .
we own the rechargeable version of this as well .
i ve only had this product a day but so far its pretty cool .
got these for my cat to eat from .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
great when you re battery is low and you need a boost .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it does get pretty warm if you use it for more than a minute .
i use it with my laptop so it works perfect for what i wanted it to do .
i put the blender end in the dish washer and everything comes out nice and sanitized .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
this is very useful as i hate holdind my phone to my ear .
i was really surprised at how sharp it looked .
i went with the comments of the other reviewers ,  and they seem to be right .
the web browser is more than capable of serving your everyday needs including facebook .
i put this in my car a few weeks ago and it s been a great addition .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy .
the transmitter is better than transmitters usually purchased for much more money .
recommended if you don t put them through a lot of use .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
they also roll up nicely if you secure with a rubber band .
i ll be back for more of this brand in the future .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
bought it on amazon ,  great deal !  now back to the insignia headphones .
it s not flashy because it s see through but the purple is still very pretty .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
if you like tea made from leaves instead of bags ,  you ll almost certainly love this pot !  .
i ve had this for quite some time and use it often .
you will want to keep an extension cord attached ,  but it will also fit on the cord wrap holders .
you can t beat this deal for the price .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
i m not sure it improves a cup of coffee substantially ,  but it s worth the effort .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
it s pretty small ,  make sure the size is right for you .
what s good to know is that although there was some spillage there was only very little .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
it s weird how it works but it works and i love it .
audio quality is excellent but i could never get the earbuds to make a great seal .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
it lasted for a long time and was very durable for the price i paid for it .
these are much better than the mirrored screen protectors i had prior .
it is really nice be able to get replacement parts rather than get a whole new machine .
works great !  it is a little smaller in size than my samsung galaxy num_num phone .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
i have tested several other pillows ,  but this really helps .
this works well for what it is intended for ,  but not quite what i wanted .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
either this is the real deal or a very good knockoff .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
sounds good ,  and i haven t had any complaints from folks on the other end .
they don t quite match as the are larger ,  but i really like them .
the shipping was quick and the packaging more than ample .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
it helps to get the external battery charger too !  .
i was surprised by the weight ,  more than i expected .
it a not a big deal ,  but if you re kind of ocd it may bother you . great for the price .
this pot is much heavier than i expected .  .  . very nice quality with good ,  even heating .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
provides decent protection but if you drop your phone a lot go with the stronger model .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i haven t used it much yet but so far so good .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i use it with olive oil and it gives a real mist .
a neat little stylus that will keep the dust and dirt out of my iphone .
they let me return it and sent me a new one that works great .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
took me a few minutes to put together and just beautiful .
i can make coffee that is stronger than i like so it does just fine for me .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i d cut it off but it s so well made that won t be easy .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
this lens is fun and takes great up close pictures that look a lot like a low power microscope .
we ve been using it twice daily for num_num weeks now and it s working great .
for the price i was expecting something cheaply made instead this product is well made and sturdy .
the strap velcroed around my arm nice and tight but with give .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i would recommend it for anyone who has a smart phone or can use it .
it may take a few minutes but it is absolutely worth the time .
certainly would have paid much more for this and still have been happy with purchase .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
the waffle iron works well .  .  . only complaint ,  i would like the waffle to be thicker .
also comes with a convenient car charger so you can charge it while on the go .
my first cup which was drank with a certain amount of apprehension was just eye opening good .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
food was delicious ,  looked as tasty as it turned out .
and sure enough within the week i received it .
works well ,  had it on for a couple months .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
got this espresso maker when my old one broke .
so great ,  i m going to order one more num_extend and num_num num_extend
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
this set is much better than my first cheap set .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i was a little confused about the product but after reading the instructions all is well .
i got frozen peas right pretty quick ,  though .
not a high tech high end product ,  but is lightweight and easy to use .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
i hated the cases but the holster is a perfect fit for this box wave case .
the new one was quite a bit cheaper and had more features i liked .
i am a tea drinker and need hot water prepared fast ,  so this kettle serves its purpose .
they re also good for cutting up certain veggies .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
purchased this for a gift for my granddaughter .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
it actually looks different than the picture ,  more squat and round but works great .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
i like it enough that i m still using it for both our num_extend and num_extend
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it allows you to juice with or without pulp .
the quality of the protector once on is fantastic ,  by far the best one i ve had so far .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
if there are any issues with etching or fading i will update this review . recommended .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
although i was originally upset with the product ,  i m impressed with the company s level of customer service .
this one is much lighter . the knife arrived very sharp .
you just have to experience them for yourself .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
works fine ,  though i wish i had bought a larger size .
or for a single large mug for right now ,  this num_num cup assam is ideal .
more substantial than i thought it would be .
once you get that licked it works like a dream .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
silicone so easy to put on and take off .
i got this as an add on item because i needed a new sink strainer .
we bought this unit about a year ago and it helped .
since my eyes are not that good ,  this is tremendous .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
i bought this for my work phone and for the price it can t be beat .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
this blender has only one speed and a pulse feature but sufficiently meets my needs .
it s nice that almost a year later there are no issues with this machine .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
also ,  it s nice to have num_num in a pack ,  just in case you mess up or want to replace .
we also have two cats and it has seemed to help with the amount of hair floating around .
that way ,  they ll be crispy on the outside and just yummy on the inside .
will definitely buy another one when the current one gets old and no longer does its job .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
after a week one corner kept unsnapping slightly so i super glued it and its perfect again .
while these are just clips ,  they honestly are better than the others .
this one of the greatest products from plantronics !  !  i have tried others that have failed signifantly in the past .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
i saw this reviewed and highly recommended and decided to give it a try .
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
i ve had it for about a month and fresh oj every day .
these batteries have held up for over a year now .
if you tap it lightly ,  you can get a very precise amount of soap ,  even .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
the best part is that the battery does not need an extra back cover .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
i hope this review is helpful in deciding if this product will be right for your needs .
i was initially surprised by how light it is .
i love the hot pink of this cover .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i have been using this for num_num months now and its really good .
i have had this phone for just over num_num weeks and i love it .
the price of this product is a little high ,  but reasonable .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
i also loved the fact that i could pipe music through my stereo from my phone .
i plan on getting larger and other sizes as well .
works great ,  i just wish it were not so bulky .
good quality does cost more ,  so i buy it anyway .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it s battery life is good but i didn t want to take chances .
i m glad i got it for her and i m glad she uses it !  .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
this skin fits my htc num_extend perfectly just needs a little effort putting it on .
i know this item got mixed reviews but it works fine for my application .
when i am just carrying the phone or it is in my pocket the phone is well protected .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
it is well made and considerably cheap when you consider how much other phone covers costs .
i used it for one slow cooker meal and liked it .
really ,  this is a very simple piece of equipment .
plus it is a lot for the price .
audio quality is excellent but i could never get the earbuds to make a great seal .
the pink isn t too pink but it s still bright .
i hang it in my closet ,  and it s been helping to keep things organized .
put the dough on a good quality num_num inch pizza pan that s been pammed good .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i did the same thing for years with my xm radio and actually prefer this method .
the case has a few minor scratches as a result ,  but it still looks great .
it s heavy ,  but since you don t need to bend over to lift it ,  it is fine with me .
so impressed i actually read the manual to see what else i could do with it .
gives a nice toasty flavor though which i like so not a bad purchase for the price .
this has got to be the most amazing screen protector i ve used .
the entire item is easy to clean and is a good value as the price is relatively low .
for the price ,  it was worth the wait for these to ship from hong kong .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
i found this one ,  same brand and almost the exact same look .
works great ,  i ve been using this for over a month and have not had any problems with it .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
the price was so reasonable ,  i purchased two .
i clean it within a few minutes of using it and it cleans up beautifully .
i hope this review is helpful in deciding if this product will be right for your needs .
sound quality and volume are fine for my use .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i like it because i haven t had to replace the phone !   :   .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
i bought two unit to extend my listening joy !  .
it takes a good amount of pressure to squeeze the handles to work effectively .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
i have had this kettle for over a year and it has been great .
people complain about some other headsets i have ,  so this one is good .
i like it and the color helps it to stand out .
i like to give it a thorough cleaning every now and then too .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i can use it anywhere in my house and move it from room to room as i need it .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
on a regular electric stove it works great .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i found the price to be very reasonable for the product i received .
the sharpener works best with longer blades . the shorter blades don t fit well in the sharpener .
much better r than some of my more expensive knives .
i ve got one of these ,  and some of the other size ones of the same brand .
my old battery was swollen so i ordered this one and it works good .
i also like the two small handles instead of one long one .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
i use this hub with my mac and it is great .
if you like fresh ground coffee ,  this is what you have to do .
i loved these years ago for bacon ,  grilled cheese ,  hamburgers ,  etc .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
it saves money and a lot of time .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
i returned the product for a new one and so far the second one has held up much better .
i make another batch while straining the first batch . highly recommend .
i like the headset and it has few advantages over other headsets .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i d buy it again if i ever needed to .
if you enjoy cooking and entertaining ,  you should have one in your kitchen .
i carry my phone in my pocket and this case keeps the in and out action smooth .
it holds a good amount of liquid and isn t easy to tip over .
otherwise ,  i d recommend looking at one of those .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
a little pricey ,  but if it lasts it will be worth it .
a little more than i had expected to pay but well worth the money ,  it will last forever .
it is a good tool for laying down a precise stripe of sauce over that entree or dessert .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
it gives them the perfect combination of gooey brownies with crunchy edges .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
i used this everyday with my old phone and always got complements on it .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
also ,  although it is small it will hold quite a few veggies .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
not the best out there ,  but for the price asked it is decent item .
it s bigger than i expected ,  which is good .
i have been using this brush every day and it looks and wears very well .
easy to put together and so far there is only one problem .
i make soap too and this would be a great pot for that as well .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
it s inexpensive compared to some models offered and it works great .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
for the price i paid this is a great little item .
it remained comfortably in my ear throughout the entire walk ,  and the sound quality was excellent .
i needed an additional port for charging in my new car and this one is perfect .
i waited over a year to write my review and it is a great one .
i haven t used or tried any other wireless headsets ,  but this one is terrific .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
for me ,  this is far and away the best humidifier out there .
this is my second purchase ,  hopefully as good as the first .
this is much better and easy to clean .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
i took them right back and got another pair .
i had to cut the filter but everything seems to be working fine .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
each waffle only takes about num_num seconds to cook . easy to clean .
its strong enough to take a hit when you drop the phone .
the surface is good ,  but its not that good !  .
even on second highest speed its fairly quiet ,  and the noise it does make is pleasant ,  not distracting .
other than the fact that it only lasted a year it was a great purchase .
i have tried countless screen protectors and these by far have impressed me the most .
bought this because of the price and reviews .
small  size :  this is pretty small ,  but it is well made and good quality .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
looks nice though !  it was a bit tough to get situated with my screen protector on .
these things keep coffee hot a good while and do not spill if the lid is closed .
for the money this is was a very good purchase .
that is being very critical ,  so i give it five stars because it is a very good product .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
a magnet clings to the sides inside and out .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
i finally found it in a department store for $
you can add lemon juice to the small about of water and it enhance the taste experience .
i like the way it feels and it isn t too heavy .
my husband does not like it and said it looks cheap but it does the job pretty good .
this is a better quality filter than what comes with the floormate .
works great but only up to num_extend amps .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
for the price ,  it was worth the wait for these to ship from hong kong .
this cable worked perfectly to fix my stuck power button .
although the headband looks like it could snap anytime ,  it actually holds up pretty good .
first of all ,  a little oil is good for you .
i ve bought several of these over the years .
the touch surface seems to be plastic ,  rather than glass ,  so i d recommend a quality protector .
i would recommend this if your need a faster charging for your nexus num_extend
at this price i was able to afford it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
i dislike paper filters so i got this one for my new coffee maker .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
the size was a little smaller than what i expected but it works .
thanks !  !  this screen replaced my cracked up broken one and this worked perfect .
assembly is easy and the instructions are adequate with good pictures .
it doesn t bulk up the phone much and looks good .
wished i had bought one for myself as well as a gift for a friend .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
they last about a year and are pretty durable .
the vacuum has to be cleaned after every use but it saves time and effort .
i recommend changing the water say ,  every few days .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
but after saying all of that ,  i love this case .
didn t matter ,  i used paper filters in it s place and it worked great .
works well ,  especially needed now that i m getting some arthritis in my hands .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
i own several cases for my phone and this is probably the most protective of all of them .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
a nice price too !  some of the higher priced toasters received much lower ratings .
it s not an original charger but so far it has been working perfect .
great for when i m out and need to charge the ipod .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i own this spoon in both slotted and solid .
either this is the real deal or a very good knockoff .
it is a rubberized texture which makes the phone easier to hold .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
key difference between this and a lot of other similar devices :  num_num watts ,  compact size ,  and sturdy build .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
was skeptical this could work for that ,  but it works great .
it has a nice voice message as it connects to your phone when you turn it on .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
best of all it worked with my num_extend controller .
this looks just like the old one but is better .
i finally found this one which was the same as the first ,  except this new one is red .
i replaced it with a nice ballistics case .
i tried hand washing the separator ,  but found it much easier and cleaner to run it through the dishwasher .
for this price the quality exceeded my expectations .
this here bluetooth is among the best that i ve owned to use with my cellphone .
i thought it was going to take longer ,  so that was a nice surprise .
it is durable which is always a problem with scoops .
i just prefer the feel of the screen protectors that actually stick to the display .
for the price ,  i was surprised at the quality .
this is perfect ,  i bought it for use in the car and it works great with no interference .
this cooker is huge ,  but it kind of has to be .
i bought this on kind of a lark .
so i got these to soak my foods in .
most of the other reviews are reasonably accurate .
not as i expected ,  but it work nice .
they re also good for cutting up certain veggies .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
i bought this a christmas gift for my husband .
he uses it quite often and it helps keep the battery charged .
it s good to cut your sim card for iphone num_num or num_extend
for the price ,  the quality is great . i haven t had the  charging is not supported with this accessory  yet anyways .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i can turn it on ,  and that s about it . the phone feels solid ,  and it is small .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
i got it on ebay for % off amazons price .
and this thing holds heat like a beast .
i got this battery as a back up ,  especially when i m we re out .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i got it on ebay for % off amazons price .
it was relatively cheap but looks very nice .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
this is the same as white animal lard ,  and it s great for white butter cream .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
great slight curve to the blade that makes it feel oh so nice while using .
the first day i put these on i was amazed ,  huge difference .
it doesn t cost $ but that s a good thing .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
i especially like it for ginger and zest .
the new one was quite a bit cheaper and had more features i liked .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
great for connecting my pc to my tv .
much better than the nails i used before .
it holds a nice charge ,  charging my iphone num_num to full charge and then some .
i only wish i had found it a long time ago !  !  .
i bought this great little vac to replace my broken eureka quickup ,  and wow ,  what a difference .
well worth the money because this will be the last press i buy .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
will buy another one if i have to .
easy to clean .  .  . my only gripe is that it s bulkier than my old one .
be sure to clean it after every use .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i have this one for about a year now .
it even has special pockets for scissors and tape .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
it s also a good heavy weight for a small pan .
i primarily use this in the shower and it works perfectly .
i use them for soups ,  ice cream ,  and small salads and they are nice to have around .
the blade moves slower than other slicers i ve owned in the past ,  but it works very well regardless .
however i soon was grinding up some perfect beans for a perfect cup of coffee .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
it has a lifetime warranty and they take care of you when you contact them for a replacement .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
i was happy to receive this product ,  since i had been considering buying one for awhile .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
they seem to work great on my older phones  android num_extend or num_extend
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
i think it will last quite some time .
i was able to workout on the treadmill without having to interrupt my pace to adjust them .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
very affordable which is perfect since i lost out the previous phone i had which was stolen .
great for when i m out and need to charge the ipod .
the sound quality is good and so is the microphone ,  though people sometimes tell me they hear background noise .
used it the first day i got it and many more times since .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
i saw this one on sale and the features listed in the product details caught my interest .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
good value . i don t own a dishwasher so i cannot speak to how it holds up to a dishwashing machine .
it fits more different sizes of jars than i thought it would .
so i can make them up four at a time to keep them handy .
i own this product for about a year now .
get one yours today !  i will do business again with the seller after i run out !  woot !  .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
this is fine as i prefer a slightly stronger brew .
still like it though and it does have a num_num year warranty .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
this resulted in a much lighter ,  crispier cookie with a nice vanilla flavor .
so overall ,  a nice product with a few disapointments .
i like the small size and light weight .
i keep this one in my truck as my travel charger and it works great .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i ordered this because it is small ,  handy to use ,  and easy to clean .
best of all ,  you don t even have to peel the skin off .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
they are great for crackers ,  chips ,  cookies ,  etc .
i got it for really cheap and it worked as expected .
well ,  i use all of them all the time .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
this usb charger is just what i needed .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
i am very happy with this gift and wish i would have started using it sooner .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i just got this in the mail yesterday .
this product maybe cheap but amazon did good with this .
i ve been searching for a while to find a great pair of kitchen scissors ,  and these are it .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
its not the greatest case or quality but looks fine for what you pay .
not super high quality  and for this price you shouldn t expect it  but they ll serve their purpose .
i found it to be well balanced with a nice stiff blade ,  definitely not much flex to it .
i loved having a num_extend sync cable for the time i did have it .
i like good ,  strong coffee ,  but i m not really a snob .
the outer lip catches liquids and keeps spills contained .
i knew this bumper wouldn t protect anything but it looks good though lol .
the bristles are just the right length and unlike other brushes i ve used before ,  they don t flatten out .
it s a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
a good price compared to what apple charges for this .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
its accuracy is good; i tested with num_num meat thermometer probes .
this usb charger is just what i needed .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
its a great alternative to my air popper ,  which i love ,  but hate the noise at times .
i ve had it now for num_num days and it is great .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
bought this wonderful machine for my wife about two months ago .
i will continue to buy these for my new iphone .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i like to change my phone cover a lot so it was nice to find this one .
unless you are a real coffee snob this is a good and reasonably priced coffee machine .
that was a bummer ,  but i will say that amazon handled it beautifully .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
sturdy made to protect the beauty of your phone and does its job as a plain phone case .
i wasn t sure what to expect ,  but this filter unit works really quick .
i like the fact that it is much quieter than the blade grinder .
this thermometer is easy to read ,  even if it gets a little froth on it .
i got this as an upgrade to a smart phone from a plan old phone .
well made and it works ,  but it s smaller than i expected .
the inner silicone layer provides shock protection and the outer plastic layer keeps the case sturdy and slick .
i haven t tried it myself ,  but it sounds like a good idea .
great product ,  i was expecting the large one to be slightly larger .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
i moved from the jabra num_extend to the num_extend and really like the num_extend
i ve only owned it for a few days now but so far so good .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
if you are looking for a cheap micro usb charging addaptor and cable ,  then this is a great option .
it s quiet when you have the temperature down to where you re just maintaining the pressure .
i was able to stick it on properly .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i got this to replace my last oster blender .
i bought my first one at a discount department store but got a better buy here .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
it is cery nice not having to transfer the food to another bowl to finish my recipe .
much better than i d expected for the price .
the shape of the glass makes a difference ,  too .
it also can make crispy or soft waffles .
very reasonably priced !  cannot find these in the stores .
the pump mechanism works very well without the need to press very hard or often .
the adjustable volume control consists of two well separated buttons ,  which are easy to find and manipulate .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
the cord isn t real long ,  but for the price i am really pleased !  .
perfect for my aux hookup in my car so i can listen to my podcasts .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
i got this for my mom s phone that kept needing charging in the middle of the day .
i would recommend trying it especially since it is so inexpensive .
the lid doesn t fit as cleanly as i d like but otherwise it s a great product .
the next day the coffee is still warm enough to drink .
i found this product to be easy to use and great quality .
so much so i bought a second one .
it works fine for me and no problem .
no filling up each time ,  and the espresso tastes great .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
it s a great cable ,  especially for the price .
i got this to replace my original battery .
really heavy duty case ,  a bit bulky but it serves its purpose .
not sure if others got a bad cable but mine works great .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
but once i figured it out it was simple .
and also the design of it makes it look like it s just a part of the phone .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
seem to be a good product i would recommend .
it is a nice heavy weight but not overly heavy .
i was just looking for num_num but this package of num_num for a very modest price is even better .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
do not leave the pads on for long or walk away !  other than that ,  these are perfect .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
i would recommend if you need to purchase .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
it is very sharp ,  so i got the gloves that were recommended ,  and that was a good choice .
i let the pan cool and cleaned it out really good .
i ve plugged in all my devices and all charge well .
i needed a new scraper and this one fits the bill to a t .
looks purple not pink but its still cute .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
i am not sure if they are genuine samsung or not but they do generate good sound .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
this is a good blender ,  but that coupler is an issue .
i got these to replace my plastic food storage containers and that s what i did .
i love the color have not been able to use yet because phone was not working .
but the battery worked well ,  and was better than the original .
with some patience i got it on without any bubbles .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
i decided to switch to a toaster and am very happy with this toaster .
i had one ,  liked it so i bought another one .
was a little smaller then expected but over all good product ,  durable and very cute .
it may not fold ,  but it is lightweight and sturdy .
it s so quiet you can t even tell if it s on .
i would recommend buying the lid when you buy a pan .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
the case comes with a one year warrantyalso the company is wonderful .
i think this will last for a while .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
takes about num_num minutes to have a great cup of coffee at home .
with so many good reviews i felt i couldn t go wrong .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i have been using it about num_num weeks and so far so good on the wearing of it .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
the price is a little much but i guess it s worth it .
i don t like to have things scratched and this helps a lot .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
usb cord works well ,  never presenting a problem .
it has awesome sound quality and is very loud .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
i have used it right in the pan to make homemade soup .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
pyrex makes some of the best glass ware .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
this is especially handy when you re away from an electrical source to charge your device .
i like that it does not weight alot and it fits comfortably on my ear .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i had a little trouble getting it together ,  but that could be my age !  i like it .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
this is the perfect size to put a tiny ipod in with earbuds .
i replaced the original battery with this one and what a difference .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
a little too big for my tastes ,  but i really like it .
the usb port on the charging pad is a plus for a third phone .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i have not found this item to be  cheap  , just a neat little filter system with a neat little price .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
the wide mouth sealer is much easier to use .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
feels cheap but it works !  it is quite small and fits in nice and tight .
i liked the idea that it was american made; nice quality .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
i ll live with this solution for a while and see how it works for me .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
it is easy to use and not too bad to wash after use .  .  .  . so i use it more often .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
camera is vga but quality is surprisingly pretty decent and useable for situations where you need it .
i would recommend you get the version without the connector for the iphone .
i purchased this product for my daughter ,  and she liked it .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
it works just fine but it tends to get hot sometimes while charging .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
cooked and softer foods ,  on the other hand ,  puree exceptionally well .
cleaning is easy and i like that we don t have to replace filters .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
not to knock freezer crusts ,  mind you ,  but there is something about a fresh ,  flaky ,  homemade pie crust .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
when other people used it for coffee it also did the job .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it was shipped to me on time and is till working great as of present .
i find myself grabbing this for many different foods .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i ve been using this with a samsung galaxy num_extend and it works really well .
the most appealing thing about this machine is the easy clean up .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
no defects of any kind and it worked perfectly .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
i finally shelled out some cash for a case and it was absolutely worth it .
i got this to replace my original battery .
fits perfectly ,  but has more capacity  orig is something like num_extend
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i got this for my droid incredible cell phone .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
the batteries worked great on my mytouch num_extend and the charger is kind of cool too .
i got this case for my samsung focus and second case that i got for the phone .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
it tastes incredibly fresh and i love it .
i dislike paper filters so i got this one for my new coffee maker .
i have been using it about num_num weeks and so far so good on the wearing of it .
i bought this to have a few extras .
they are more durable then the wide plastic clips i have used in the past .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
for less then five bucks this is a pretty good deal .
it is a good grade of plastic and pops the covers off for a quick change with no hassle .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
and it was brand new fresh off from the package it come in !  .
good quality product ,  but i would prefer glass instead of plastic .
i was having pain in my coccyx and this definitely helped alleviate the pain .
it nice and small but it not to small or to big .
other than that i would recommend this product .
finally ,  i received this one and it was great !  !  .
it is really helpful in some environments where the signal is marginal .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
i like the shape ,  though it feels a bit fragile .
i like that you access the phone without having to flip it open .
i have been using bluetooth stereo headphones for awhile  few ear bud sony ones  . this one is pretty decent .
not the easiest to install with out bubbles but for protection they are great .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i tried several other kinds ,  and some are okay ,  but this one is better .
looks different than what s pictured but works fine .
i also like how it it can rotate num_num degrees and can move up ,  down ,  in ,  and out .
simple operation ,  simple cleanup ,  great coffee  assuming the beans are fresh  .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
it s cool that i can charge not only my phone but an additional usb powered device via this charger .
i got what i thought i would and i liked the rubber case .
i look forward to finding recipes and making more yogurt .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
most of the other reviews are reasonably accurate .
i used it on a recent trip and it really kept my phone charged fully .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
more tiny screwdrivers than i ll ever use but are of good quality for what i needed .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
seasoned salt added to the final finished product will give some flavor .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
i plan on buying a second one soon .
i know the dimensions are given ,  but it was still surprising .
pricey but i got a good deal on amazon .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
great for those that don t have much to do with phone .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
the fact that you can adjust the brew strength is a plus ,  since i enjoy strong tea .
for the price you can t beat this charger .
once you put it together that s it ,  so i figured using a glue will definitely help .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
it s durable ,  so i know i will have it for a long time .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
but overall i would recommend it ,  if you want a cheap but still cute case .
the handle is pretty generic with not much grip ,  but the blade itself is slender and very appealing .
i just finished installing and using this and it s a decent microwave for the money .
it s not the highest quality  thin plastic  but works just fine .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
this is better made than the many oem products available .
they don t last forever ,  but at the price they are well worth the purchase .
i then proceeded to order more because they were such a good quality .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
this is a very nice case for my samsung galaxy num_extend
this case fit fine ,  had a good feel ,  but i expected more for something at this price .
i ve had it a few weeks now and so far so good .
it makes a slight spout which is great for scooping .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
sure it s pricey and doesn t include an hdmi adapter ,  but it s still a pretty nifty gadget .
i was delighted when i received the liddle griddle .
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
the cleaning cloth helped remove the smudges nicely .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i have used it several times and it works perfectly .
it helps me limit the amount of coffee i drink a day .
these bags are the perfect size for a few items ,  not too much .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
i don t know if there are enough adjectives in the dictionary to describe how much i love this thing .
i ve never had a real mortar and pestle before and i love it .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
i gotta say that was pretty dang sweet .
i like this product because it really protects my phone .
this was perfect for when my phones charging port crapped out on me .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
i upgraded from the num_extend num_extend  also a seriously great phone  to this .
i am not much of a cook but i am able to bake great breads with simple instructions .
this cover is great ,  you can barely see it if you install it right .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
i tried several other kinds ,  and some are okay ,  but this one is better .
they won t take the place of a more sturdy or solid kind of surface ,  but they work .
purchased this to keep my coffee pot hot .
these pans work just like cake pans should .
seems to stick a little bit when i scoop my cookies but it does feel pretty well made .
got this to go with my tablet or smart phone .
it s made with good quality cast iron but not to heavy .
a little larger than i wanted but they are great !  .
i recommend checking seriouseats if you need help .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
it s a little obtrusive than just a beep or some other indicator . aside from that ,  it s a truly great product .
i just got this a few days ago .
they are also nicely made and not that thin plastic junk that so many toys are made out of .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
i like my tea ,  and am picky about what brand and flavors i have .
i think i bought this after doing some research and reading good praises and recommendations for this .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
nothing fancy about this simple tool but works well with what i need .
i can t explain why ,  but they taste even better that way .
nice standard micro usb connector for charging and updating .
i ve found that different combinations produce differing amounts of crema .
it is as pictured and the graphics are eye catching .
classic design is timeless ,  no need to improve it .
i was pleasantly surprised at the heft of the package when it arrived .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
over all it s pretty good but i might try another unit next time .
i also cooked fresh tuna once and it was delicious .
i bought this because ,  well ,  it looked cool .
very cheap ,  and good quality for the money .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
getting a fingernail under the back part really helps pop it into place .
i ve had this for a month and it works like a charm .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
easy to use i have no complaints would buy again .
heavy duty nylon with a nice velcro securing system .
it cleans up fairly well but takes a bit of scrubbing .
hope this battery helps me improve on that !  .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
now it is easier ,  though i have to pull hard .
bought this for my granddaughter as a gift .
cleaning it can be a chore but its worth it .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
i am giving it a good rating based on the performance up until it stopped working .
the eneloops were a bit more expensive ,  but worth it in so many products .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
you do need to adjust to using the pillow but i like it .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
i may have to repurchase them !  they re adorable and worth it since they re oh so cheap .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i purchased this for use with my wife s iphone num_extend and she loves it .
good quality does cost more ,  so i buy it anyway .
i got these mainly to make egg muffin sandwiches .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
this is when i first put the pot on the fire and bring it up to the right temperature .
it is lightweight and so easy to use .
i have not experienced this issue and pictures turn out just great .
i have not used it much but was happy with it when i did .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
yes ,  good ,  fresh beans are expensive ,  but not nearly as much as a cup from starbucks .
i tried this and it works great !  at first i thought what the heck .
works great for using when i want to watch netflix unto my tv . i wish the cable was longer .
i add a spray of vinegar and that helps .
i use a small amount of salt and butter and just great tasting popcorn .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i made my first cup the minute it arrived and enjoyedit .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i was looking for a good basic timer and this fit the bill .
this is a great tray for crackers or a half loaf .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
i took a chance on getting this inexpensive case and the gamble payed off .
this is real heavy duty and can take a lot of squeezing .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
makes the phone a bit heavy but secure .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
this was what i was hoping would happen so i was very happy with the results .
i bought this as well as a couple of the same thing in black for my captivate .
it is a useful device rather than a fun device .
you can use meat that is on sale and make the most delicious jerky .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i was fortunate to find this new one on amazon . com .
i used it on my living room chair and it cleaned just beautiful .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
i like the handle and it is easy to clean .
i needed to get a screen protector and i just happen to get lucky enough to find this .
i have num_num of these and for few years usage they are still sharp .
this is very nice ,  though it is smaller than i did expect it to be .
this brews a fast and piping hot cup of coffee using your own grounds .
the earphones stick out a little ,  but the sound is pretty decent for the price .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
there is also a charger in the box .
i was surprised to see have nice it looked in person .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i was very happy with these glasses when i first got them .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i wish the cleaning tool was a bit sturdier ,  but otherwise its still a great garlic press .
i use it for almond flour and the like ,  and it keeps it nice and fresh .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
better than the one that came with my phone .
works great for mixing protein shakes and other powdered drinks .
but i ve been using it for a few months and its held together .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
these are a good size . what i didn t num_extend
if you freeze it before use and shake well after using cold water it makes great carbonated water .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
i make a different flavor each day . i have read the reviews on this product .
the battery holds a charge for a long time .
the good thing also is that it doesn t bubble my screen protector .
either this is the real deal or a very good knockoff .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
the connectors to the steam hose and the steam gun are just as well made ,  if not better .
it works great !  i have a cell phone ,  no land line .
they have a coating so they are easy to clean .
i would recommend using with canola oil as it s much healthier than vegetable oil .
it is a little bit smaller than i m used to ,  but still sufficient for my needs .
the surface is matte black and smooth to the touch .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
it uses a max of num_num watts which is pretty good .
i purchased a new unit ,  brought it home ,  and opened the box .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
other than that it is inexpensive and a good replacement .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
the very best thing about it is that it never ever leaks water .
though difficult to push ,  this cleaner made my carpet look new .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
very good deal a lil under num_num bucks for the num_num items i got .
almost $ each is a little pricey for a glass bottle ,  but these are nice due to the design .
perfect for a quick lunch or side dish .
very pleased with the purchase and would gladly do business with seller again .
i really love this case !  so much that i was considering buying another one ,  but for my iphone num_extend
i cleaned all over and this little machine surprised me .
the lid just sits on top fitting into the grid .
i haven t tried the usb connection yet ,  but good to have just in case .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
these would also be good for storing spices .
this is a great oil free option for cooking .
i am well versed with a variety of technological products .
i would find something that is just as stylish but more protective .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
i have num_num batteries and this charger is perfect for my batteries .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
i needed something a little bit smaller and this is perfect .
i dropped my phone accidently and otter box held up great .
good ventilation is key or you need to use this outside .
here is what i found upon receiving it .
bought this ear piece about a year back .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i got this machine in the mail last week .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
i got it here at amazon for $
it wrapped around the wardrobe pole and was easy to place a large amount of my clothing in it .
the filters are difficult to find ,  but i am glad that amazon has them .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
it s light ,  small and easy to use . i was surprised that it wasn t glass; it s plastic .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i was extremely happy and i can t wait to get a new one !  !  !  !  .
i have bought this kind of opener for some time now .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
this product works as advertised for my htc incredible num_extend
i have used farberware items before for many years and they make great products .
not much to say about a mixing bowl ,  but it does look nice with a brushed finish .
it goes for double the price in retail stores so as always ,  amazon is the place to buy !  .
the screen is larger ,  and it is a touchscreen .
this case cost me less than $ and it was well worth it .
i would recommend this knife if you are looking for a durable all purpose knife for smaller jobs .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
the num_num cup seems to work well for a single cup .
now my great review is not so amazing .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
after i bought a new one i found it .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
my son sent it to me with a card saying ,   happy cooking ,   and it has been .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
the cover is made of good quailty see through plastic .
i have only made beef jerky ,  but it is outstanding .
the blades are really sharp ,  so be careful !  .
this is a great alternative when my charging port was broken on my evo num_extend
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
i wanted black so i bought them here .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
bought this for my brother after getting mine .
from new carpet that looks clean . great for pets ,  kids ,  messy husbands . does well on my wood floor .
probably will buy another one soon of a different kind that fits appropriately .
wished i had bought one for myself as well as a gift for a friend .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
have only used it a couple of times ,  but food comes out well .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
but the battery worked well ,  and was better than the original .
wish i had purchased it years ago .  .  .  . highly recommend .
it s great that it doesn t go all the way to the edge of the glass .
works better than trying to scrub it with a long bottle brush .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i own num_num different types of air purifier ,  and i consider this to be the best one .
excellent ,  but if the price is less than well be the best .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i usually grind for press or chemex but drip works very well also .
will buy another one if i have to .
a nice phone for talk and text and you don t need a data package .
these are priced a lot higher than cheap ,  but they hold up well enough for my use .
it s nice to have a choice of sizes .
it was firm but not hard and full of flavor .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
you need it ,  you know it ,  now buy it .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
is a must for my num_num yr old daughter .
i got this as a backup to have at work to keep my phone charged .
i feel much better about using my mixer now that i m using this type .
it is not a replacement but its a good subsitute .
would highly recommend !  !  !  ! i am adding onto my review after having the item for about num_num months .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
this one is a great coffee mill for under $ bucks .
i usually make one cup for myself and it is perfect for that .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
it is pretty thin ,  which is perfect for me .
the battery holds a charge for a long time .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
the material is leather and it fits my phone like a glove .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
this kettle is great for those of us who do not want plastic touching our hot water .
i got a good for this from $
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
after trying numerous hands free devices ,  i finally found this .
considering the low price ,  even if it doesn t last long ,  it s a decent deal .
a staple in my household for years now .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
my daughter was so happy when i got this .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
the charge holds for a while and the cord is really thick and sturdy .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
handy little set to have around if you tinker with electronic devices .
once i got my new stand mixer though ,  boy oh boy did that change !  i love this mixer .
i m normally the sweetened creamer guy but this stuff ,  though strong ,  is so good you can drink without sweetener .
works great paint rubbed off the corners but overall not bad .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i saw walmart sells them for a really good price ,  $ for a num_num pack of num_num concentrators .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i would highly recommend for anyone looking for a nice cheap case .
i will continue to try and hope this is better with grapefruit .
i just bought some of those adhesive rubber things and all is good .
i used it the same day i got it .
i am not a great cook but this helps .
these batteries have worked really great ,  no problems .
got this as an addition to the ice blade we have .
love it !  also ,  nice to be able to set the timer and have coffee ready when you wake up .
i m a fan of progesso soups and stagg chilies .
the cord is better than what comes with the ipad !  need an extra charger ?  this is the one !  .
an aspect i like is that it is heavy .
another reviewer questioned the sizing ,  but i wear a size large  male  and this size large fits just fine .
the extra battery is a must for now .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
the gel has a very nice feel to it .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i find it more useful to use the volumn button on the phone .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
it has a great camera that is surprisingly powerful for the size of the phone .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
appears to be a durable product ,  unlike other inexpensive units .
i am always dropping my phone so this is a great cover for me .
it always helps to change things up every once in awhile .
if you choose to leave it on ,  the noise is fairly low and actually kind of pleasant .
well made but still need a smaller one .
it even lets you know what temperature the warmer is at .
much better than the nails i used before .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
these are very large and very heavy ,  well worth the hefty price .
i bought this dehydrator because i wanted an affordable machine that would also work well and last .
i always research products and read reviews on them .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
it works great and is much cheaper then the ones at walgreens for $
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
they are a great bumper for your phone when you dont want a bulky case on your phone .
i ve had much more expensive thermometers ,  but this polder gets the job done well .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
i got this for my num_num year old .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
has a nice lip to help protect the screen when you lay the phone down screen side down .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i love the fact that it stays put in my ear without the need for an ear loop .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
spend some extra money on quality and you will be happy you did .
the case is cute and doesn t really add that much bulk to it .
i paid just under $ and at that price it is a very good value .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i almost bought the smaller pan ,  but am glad i got the medium one .
i got the magazine rebate of $ as well .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
overall ,  i m very pleased with this pot rack and i highly recommend !  .
i am no snickering audiophile ,  but the sound is pretty good to me .
these are not quite as pretty but they do the job .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
the headset has a cool charging cradle ,  the headset conforms to the cradle transforming it to one unit .
it a not a big deal ,  but if you re kind of ocd it may bother you . great for the price .
i also like being able to add a little cereal to my oatmeal and not messing with boxes .
i bought it because i needed a new case ,  but i never thought i would received this wonderful case .
the small head allows me to reach places i could never reach before .
not a perfect product but more than adequate for the task at hand and it was reasonably priced .
best feature is the large capacity of the cup .
it doesn t boil water as quickly as it used to ,  but it gets the job done .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  so i don t know about durability ,  but so far so good .
i found a page where there are steps to install software that performs an upgrade for the the phone .
will buy again if ever i need more .
this is a canner you want for meats .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
i can t say that i am % satisfied with the feel of it; it tends to grab a bit .
i love this thing !  i put olive oil in it and pumped away .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i kept it the entire life of the phone .
it is one of the coolest toy i ve ever had .
serve with a little butter ,  sugar ,  and cinnamon ,  it s heaven . oatmeal : this is my personal favorite .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
they re inexpensive but sturdy ,  and they were easy to put together .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i love the phone ,  but can t do the bluetooth yet .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
easy to use and the sound is acceptable .
works very well ,  but i have to use pliers when it needs to be remove for any other device .
it is not super strong but it does the intended job .
it does increase the weight of the phone ,  but it is worth it .
this cord is shorter than the original cord that came with the phone ,  but it still does the job .
i have this one for about a year now .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
cleanup was easy after some soaking with warm soapy water .
it s what i was looking for and it s good ,  but i d not call it great .
when just charging on a normal day it does so pretty quick .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
took it home ,  scrubbed it clean and its still like new .
these gloves are excellent for a mildly cold climate .
i always research products and read reviews on them .
but this is best in show for making it thinner .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
it keeps coffee hot longer than i expected .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
i love the fact that i can keep it in a drawer .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
the only complaint i have is it could be louder ,  but it serves my purpose .
great gadget to have especially for car stereos that doesnt have a port for an auxiliary cable .
the stickers that come with it can be used to keep it in and smooth on top .
it has an easy to remove clip that holds the set together when not in use .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
at the time i purchased it ,  it was at around num_num bucks ,  so it was an amazing value .
it worked fine for just over a year .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
i use these to hang up my boots in my closet ,  and this works great .
the salesman at verizon recommended this ,  so i bought one from amazon .
i will definately purchase more in the future .
even though it has outdated software; it does work great and does what is expected from it .
this is a good company with good products .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
and sure enough within the week i received it .
i was slightly concerned about the size ,  but they are a perfect fit .
it s a great tool to wash sinks ,  faucets and areas surrounding the sink  which are hard to clean  .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
almost $ each is a little pricey for a glass bottle ,  but these are nice due to the design .
since i learned that home made bread is so much better than commercial i ve baked my own .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
no big deal ,  china makes wonderful products now ,  unlike in the past .
but the phone is still sturdy in the mount without it .
i m a tea drinker and this is a must have .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
it also helps protect the screen because even gorilla glass breaks easily if you hit it on the edge .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
the lids are a bit flimsy ,  but overall i like the bowls .
the pan itself has a good weight and doesn t feel cheap .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
it s as thin as i was hoping ,  looks good and feels good .
recommended for anyone looking for a replacement battery .
and for the price that you get it at .
it is better than the plastic one i have been using for a few years .
use this speaker with a num_extend mm  and it sounds great .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it holds a huge amount of pepper so filling is seldom to begin with .
i thought it was smaller than the photo led me to believe ,  but other than that ,  it was great .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i own two of these adapters and both worked without any problem .
i also like the fact that it doesn t take up too much space to store it .
it takes a good amount of pressure to squeeze the handles to work effectively .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
very convenient to have and has been charging my phone for a while without any problems .
i thought at num_num pounds it would not be heavy enough but it works just fine .
for the price you can t beat this item .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
they are a very handy accessory for my razr maxx hd .
but the thinness is great if you don t want too much added bulk .
the clean solution tank holds one gallon of water  one reason for the light weight  .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
it is small enough to carry in your pocket .
inspite of minor complaints ,  i am happy with it .
very reasonably priced with quality ,  won t say they are best but does the num_extend
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
while i haven t used these yet ,  i am pleased .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
works very well ,  but i have to use pliers when it needs to be remove for any other device .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
the case does not provide protection to the screen ,  but does look very nice .
it works for oranges as well ,  but i don t juice them as often as lemons .
i just received it at the door and took it out right away .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it lets me adjust the volume without having to reach for your device .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
great product and i ve used many different brands .
i have found this product to be for protecting my iphone num_extend
it s still in the new stage for us ,  but so far i like it .
they make good machines but not good liquid cleaner .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
at this price ,  which is cheaper than what i bought st ,  i highly recommend this product .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
good product ,  downfall it was har to see the screen when it is very bright surroundings .
so i found this rice cooker on amazon .
this is best coffee maker that i have or had but not the highest price that i paid .
the clips are hard to press but once you have it in place its good .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
the charger allows me to keep my ipod charged while on the go .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
i have removed and replaced the black one i use and still fits perfectly .
the phone is very well protected and gets minimal bulk from the case .
i did slice half an onion and it did a great job of slicing it thinly .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
but i liked it . all in all it was good .
this item does the trick but is fairly large .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
aside from that ,  the knives are stylish and sleek but are smaller and lighter than i expected .
this method works with the music player ,  pandora ,  spotify and itunes radio .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
the gusto bowl is a size and shape you don t see everywhere .
i got this to replace my old one .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
it lets me adjust the volume without having to reach for your device .
i plan to buy some more colors also .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
probably grind coffee with it two to three times a week and it has been a great performer .
its reasonably comfortable even though i use glasses ,  and doesn t feel like it will fall .
i think a smaller one would work well .
may not protect phone as well as an otterbox but it is slim and fashionable .
it was also easy to get off of my phone which was a plus .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
it looks flimsy ,  but is actually quite durable .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
the leather on here probably isn t real ,  but it feels really nice .
once you get the time down for each vegetable ,  cooking it is a breeze .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
is it the best ?  no ,  but its decent .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
this is better than using pam and other sprays .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
these shears do it all and so easy to clean and sharpen .
this does the job but it is very big in size .
i also like to use them at work and can pair with my pc or phone via bluetooth .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
i like the fact that the case comes with a screen protecter .
this cover fits well ,  feels good ,  and doesn t get stuck in your pocket like an otterbox .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
it looks flimsy ,  but is actually quite durable .
bought this as a gift for the wife when she got an iphone .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
this is my first android phone and i love it .
it s nice to have a phone that the battery does not die on you .
i like to run it in the winter months .
i really like the blue tooth clipper and use it with my nokia num_extend
the volume control took getting use to also ,  but once i did i liked it .
this is actually the second one of these i ve owned .
purchased this to keep my coffee pot hot .
i love that i can hook my num_extend to my hdtv .
this is fine as i prefer a slightly stronger brew .
what sets apart the amazon brand is the price .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
these are cute and the quality is nice .
it s not the highest quality  thin plastic  but works just fine .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i love this product got it very fast .
it works great !  i have a cell phone ,  no land line .
it seems to extract greater flavor from the coffee .
this does not charge the asus tf num_num tablet . item is great and works great .
i needed a car charger for my new iphone and this fits the bill .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
each person can adjust the settings to their liking .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i just keep my phone hooked up to it and keep it charged .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
would have given num_num standard but the description is not correct but the product works wonderfully .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i enjoy using it and have fortunately not encountered any issues thus far .
it makes great popcorn without any oils or butter etc .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
for the price this is an excellent alternative to buying oem battery .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
well ive used it for a week now and i love it .
i probably wouldn t use this in a bathroom ,  but it is perfect for the kitchen .
i have no complaints so far . i recommend this product .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
the best part is it was only like $
i own this product for about a year now .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
it s perfect for daily use and it s good for one cup not for big gathering .
it was a real htc usb and it works fine .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
voice control works great . i tested the wave with my blackberry bold num_num and my iphone num_extend
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the rechargeable battery can last long enough in one full charge .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
it is perfect for eating with fresh fruit and granola ! here is what works for num_extend
protected the screen well and kept it from being too scratched .
will recommend buying this if you want to have a phone without a case .
i just recommend to rinse this well every time you use it .
this device is quite simple ,  but of good quality .
you can t beat the price and they shipped on ti me .
it s not sophisticated ,  but it s a very good grinder .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i have only used it one time ,  but i was extremely happy that i had it .
i have a little arthritis in my wrist and this tool made things much easier for me .
i decided to give this one a try and i am glad i did .
large and takes up a lot of space .
the good news is that it really was easy to take this thing apart and replace the belt .
would be great if they came in sets of num_num vs sets of num_extend recommended !  .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
awesome !  just what i was looking for when i ordered a case .
it s really hard to describe how good it sounds .
the good thing also is that it doesn t bubble my screen protector .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
i have used it three times ,  and it works as expected .
the quality of the leather inside and out is nice with a slight sheen on the exterior .
so ,  easy to wash from time to time .
i had a fixed thickness wire slicer that was fine ,  but this one works so much better .
my husband is a messy cook .  . so this helps keep things tidier .  . lol .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
these scissors are not the best quality ,  but still a good value for everyday use .
if you have a phone that this works with buy it .
it protects the phone and that is all i really care about .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
i ve arranged for amazon to send a replacement . original comments : works great .
and to top it off it comes with a holster .
i wish+ the cord was longer ,  but this charger works efficiently .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
the case is good but it has many flaws .
they were quick and very reasonable in price .
much better than i d expected for the price .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
i ve used it twice and it worked both times .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
very handy .  .  . if it gets dirty you just wash in soap and water and just like new again .
very nice ,  hard to get on after you put it on .
feels high quality and like it will last for a long time .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
the headset is great for everything ,  except for one thing .
surprisingly ,  it offers pretty good protection in a drop . i ll probably buy a similiar lenmar for my next iphone .
i was impressed as soon as i opened the package on delivery .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
when i found them on amazon i purchased right away .
better than i could have imagined it to be .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
if you have any htc num_extend this is a good choice for you .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it s also inexpensive so it s a good price value tradeoff .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i might recommend the black over the white just bcs it looks nicer .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
thank you !  will buy from this seller again .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i really like this charger and not having the cord hanging around all the time when it s not necessary .
loved this product !  made my phone more sophisticated .
so far i have had it on my phone for a week and it has been great .
i gave this as a gift to my sister .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
better than my old one by a long shot .
i got this pot to use as a small deep fryer .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
i used this products for a few weeks and i was so happy .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
plus it was very inexpensive which also makes it a great deal !  .
the best wireless headset for the money ,  $ set that works better than a hundred dollar one .
should last a good part of the day .
i have found that i now use these scrapers more than my regular wooden spatulas .
i have not found this item to be  cheap  , just a neat little filter system with a neat little price .
very pleased . update :  after ten months it lost its suction .
i keep it a work as a back up for when i need to charge my phone .
i buy a lot of things through amazon and i have always got good service .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
only a small annoyance ,  otherwise a good buy .
got a device to test voltage and amperage from chargers .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
they are better than the more expensive protectors that i ve used in the past .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
a simple soap and water wash is pretty much all that is needed .
i do use it on the stovetop sometimes as well as in the oven .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
it is not great but it does work .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
and for the price ,  you can t really beat it .
but it does take up a lot of space though !  lol .
my favorite is the motorola num_extend or num_extend
it holds a lot of laundry and items i want aired out and i love the outdoor fresh smell .
did feel very large and bulky but it was a great case for my phone  :   .
it won t last as long as a seidio ,  but for the price ,  it is a great battery .
very useful and a must have ,  even if the adapter is small .
it also has the ability to pause and start music playback .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
unfortunately things get broken and this was the perfect replacement .
so we bought another like it because we liked how the first one worked .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
but it still makes coffee ,  and it did well for a couple years .
i tried some of the recipes by hand first ,  and they were delicious .
not super high quality  and for this price you shouldn t expect it  but they ll serve their purpose .
i also love that it doesn t have holes on the sides .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
there is something about glass that is simply cleaner .
they re also good for cutting up certain veggies .
i included a picture to show the difference .
i wanted a nice little grinder for spices and this fits the bill .
not many cases have that option but i think it protects the face of the phone better with it .
i got a good for this from $
i got this to replace my last oster blender .
it cleans up very easily with warm soapy water .
it looks good as new ,  very little carpet mess and the brushes cleanup well .
i ve had no issue with mine and have been happy to use it almost daily .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
nice charger ,  does the job without using your phone s usb port .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
love it !  i needed a backup battery when the one in my phone died .
i do like a toaster that allows you to lift the toast up ,  which this one does .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it s good to use when you get a difficult can to open .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
it s difficult to move around becuase of it s weight ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
oh !  my !  gosh !  i have never ,  ever ,  ever ,  had ice cream that tasted so good .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
neat design that reduces the number of cables i need to carry .
i liked this case a lot and still do but it doesn t fit my new phone .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
the screen is beautiful and bright . however i did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones .
this came and i used it right away .
i ordered one from amazon back in num_extend and was very pleased when it arrived .
the power output on this charger is sufficient to charge both at once .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
perfect for a handful of ice cubes and some soda or iced tea .
this pouch fits my iphone just fine in a very minimal way .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
and the price is hard to pass up !  .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
the handle also stays cool to the touch .
i might never need it but it s nice to know that i have it if i need it .
better than the one that came with my phone .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
this charger works better than the samsung  oem  car charger that i own and paid over $ for .
its nice to protect it from the little wear and tear and it looks good as well .
i would recommend this product and i will buy again !  .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i found one on amazon and ordered to see whether it would make a difference .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
i think these are pretty good headphones when compared with an older set of logitech bluetooth headphones .
i got this to replace my old one .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
so even though it s not hot hot ,  it s still much warmer .
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was ,  but worked like a charm .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i had that on my last thermometer and it was really handy .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the keys are a bit small ,  but that is easy to live with .
it still isn t right but it works fine .
wasn t so  wow  by it since the screen size ,  but it was still cool .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
you can t beat this deal for the price .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
like it is stated it fits nokia num_extend very easily .
recommended for anyone looking for a replacement battery .
this egg poacher has nifty little insulated handles on each cup .
this little fan moves a whole lot of air .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
i purchased this based on the excellent amazon reviews .
they are wireless and bluetooth ready and you also have the option of using the cable .
i use this charger to keep a fresh battery on backup .
best of all i now use it constantly for making my tea .
with all said ,  the num_extend keeps making me happy .
it crushes without much effort ,  and it cleans up easily .
reason for num_num rather than num_extend aside from this minor issue ,  everything else works pretty well .
i got this to see what electronics were using power when not on and it works great .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
great value since we don t like headphones that we have to plug into out ears .
this fan is great for blowing away some of the hot air .
it was gifted to me and i received it a few days ago .
i bought this a while back ,  and i am still using it .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
the size was a little smaller than what i expected but it works .
its good but not great considering what else is available at this price point .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
it preforms well but really needs a mouse to make it perfect .
it works wonderfully and seasoning it was a breeze .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i am so happy with this purchase !  i have an iphone num_extend which has a stinky battery life .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
this is actually a lot larger than i anticipated it to be .
the fit is not tight but that works just fine for me .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
great for cereal and soups ,  and small enough to make sure you get a correct portion size .
the dough was pretty easy and the rollers worked just like they should .
overall ,  this is a good spare battery for my samsung galaxy num_extend
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
i found a tip that hair spray or super glue works to make a smooth glide .
but it does clean the carpet well ,  and that s mostly what i was looking for .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i prefer a surface with a little more grip to the touch .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
i like this case for a few different reasons .
i ve been using this product for over a year with consistant ,  excellent results .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
it may be thin ,  but it is definitely durable .
got these for my cat to eat from .
upright handles make the pan easier to lift .
it makes good coffee but i don t like the look of the plastic exterior although it is less breakable .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i bought one like this several years ago .
for what it is ,  this product is great .
it fits well for me but my wife had difficulties fitting it .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it is good for getting a good grip on the slippery phone .
i purchased this for my lg num_extend phone and it works perfectly .
the blades are extremely sharp ,  so sharp that i almost over chop my food .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
it is not a noise cancelling model ,  but for a low cost bluetooth ,  this one works well .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
my friends say it hurts their eyes but i like it .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i ve linked it to both my kindle hdx and am iphone .  .  . so it s very convenient .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
it works great and is much better for you than pam or other sprays .
i was so happy to find this item ,  at a reasonable price ,  and the installation was simple .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
we tried these for thanksgiving and the crusts came out very consistent .
i don t like to have things scratched and this helps a lot .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
we have a cuisinart at home and it has the same problem .  overall ,  a very nice machine for the money .
very light weight and feels like it is made of aluminum .
again ,  for the price ,  it s a great deal that you get a charger and a cable .
after several passes on the sharpener ,  my nearly rounded edges came out quite sharp .
it also allows me to hold it at an angle while still generating contact .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
i m tall ,  so i like the extra height it gives the dishpan .
you re cooking with less fats and that s good for your health .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
for the price you can t beat this item .
so wearing the headphones with a ski jacket won t work very well .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
i will buy again when i need it .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
the case fits all the ports perfectly ,  but the volume buttons are a little harder to use .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
it said used but it looks brand new to me .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
might be kinda  cheap looking  ,  but they r built well .
might ve been able to design it to hold a few more cookies ,  but otherwise ,  great .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
there truly is a difference in the way my cakes bake in this pan .
it s nice not having to spend to much on a case for your phone .
it is versatile because it will charge iphones ,  ipods ,  and ipads .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
the num_extend video recording is also of decent quality .
it has the mouth and fork feel of pasta .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
sometimes ,  all those fancy ,  additional features offered are just not worth it . i think that this is the perfect example .
it is so light weight that i almost forget i have it .
the battery still is wonderful ,  but the plastic cover isn t the most durable .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
it was pricier than a lot of coffeemakers out there ,  but it is worth it .
as the name says ,  it is a very nice and basic cover for your iphone num_extend
for the price i m satisfied and do not mind it so much .
i ve used their skillets and small grills for number of years and this one lives up to their quality .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i don t like to store in plastic ,  so these are perfect .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
it works wonderfully ,  and i have not had any problems with it .
surprisingly it still worked after we put it back together .
i was able to keep my phone protected until the upgrade date .
the texture have only light gripping ability but it is better than completely smooth plastic .
well worth the money !  you won t be sorry .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
still works ,  just means you have to dig a little for the button .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
i bought it for my sister while she was visiting me .
bought it here and it came right to my door within a couple of days .
i can take pictures with it on too .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
i ve learned you definitely get what you pay for .
makes phone more bulky but its worth the added time .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
after searching i found this on on amazon .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i picked this up after buying some nice j . a .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i would order it again as a gift .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
at this price ,  which is cheaper than what i bought st ,  i highly recommend this product .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
it s like having a stereo system in one little device .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
as you might guess ,  i buy a lot of stuff through amazon !  very convenient .
especially for $ headphones . good buy; just be patient when configuring them with your pc .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i have large hands and generally do well with large or extra large gloves .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i got this particular one because it s the biggest size i could find .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
the quality of the coffee is very good .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
it is a nice hard plastic case that does protect it from minor falls and scratches .
i like many others don t use it for coffee but for spices and it s a champ .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the price might be a little higher than others ,  but the excellent quality is worth the money .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
invest in a grinder and buy fresh whole bean coffee .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
which is great when i need to charge on the go .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
a little expensive for a piece of plastic but very useful to have for decorating .
of course ,  after a few days it s not at a perfect level of freshness ,  but it s still absolutely great .
it s sturdy ,  unlike several others i tried that were flimsy .
it still isn t right but it works fine .
it s also great because i m usually just making things for num_num to num_num people .
i purchased this skillet recently and was impressed with its design and heft .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
this is an good little plastic case for the iphone num_extend
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
it s useful  . it s just what i need for use to make food .
i recommend replacing this when you purchase this maker new . purchased this back in august num_extend
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
now that we don t ,  we don t use it any more but i d recommend for pet owners .
the screen protector went on easily and fit nicely .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
they re made of metal though !  that surprised me  :  .
what a great find !  i think i need another set .
they help to keep bubbles from forming between the dough and the pan .
i purchased one as a gift for my son .
someone gifted one to me later so now i use it .
i can t say how good it makes coffee because i haven t made coffee in it yet .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
it crushes without much effort ,  and it cleans up easily .
just pump it up when needed and the spray is nice and fine .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
it s worth twice what i paid for it .
i bought one like this several years ago .
spend a little bit money and get one that will last and are a pleasure to use .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
plug it in to your phone and a charge and it works perfectly .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
the connector piece is very sturdy and does not come out easily .
it makes toast that s browned nicely on both sides .
definitely not as good as oem ,  but it is functional .
it saves time with short hair as well .
it is a bit noisy but i can live with that .
it is small and compact and does not take up much room .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
the leather on here probably isn t real ,  but it feels really nice .
it is cheaply made ,  but it serves its purpose .
a healthy way to separate unwanted fat from the flavorful meat juices .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it costs a bit more but is worth the extra as long .
incidentally ,  the price is low for an item of such good quality .
they have a nice heavy bottom with a fairly smooth underside .
i ve had mine for a year and it works perfectly .
can t do that so good with this kind of can opener .
i loved this case so much that i bought another to replace my old one .
the case provides good scratch protection for the back and sides .
i wanted a basic ,  relatively inexpensive version ,  and i m happy i got this one .
it is a little bit of a tight fit in my iphone num_extend but it works .
had these for a num_num months now and like them a lot .
the suction cups are not great ,  but they are functional and do their job .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
the blue is a little darker then the picture but it s a nice blue color .
i have a usb hub ,  so this works out well for me .
other than that ,  the price is fine for what it does .
had an earlier version that got so soft that the cover was falling off . this one is much better .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
i really like this for when i need to be on the go .
best of all ,  its free  but you can and should make a num_extend
certainly helps with not freaking the dogs out .
and it s only one a few of them and this set comes with a ton .
on a moderately chilly day ,  it heats a small room comfortably .
even though the sound isn t that great ,  i still really like these headphones .
this extra cord lengths helps a lot when trying to reach more distant electrical outlets .
i have looked around to find a replacement for my old pan and finally found a reasonably priced one .
charged up very quickly and holds a charge a good long time .
what can i say ,  it s a battery and it works .
i can t get too excited about a carpet cleaner ,  but this thing works pretty well .
a great product !  i ordered num_num more for my friends and to have a couple of extra ones .
if your a person who likes the music to blast in your hear ?  this is for you .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
it seems to be as good as the original charging cable .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
the num_num cup seems to work well for a single cup .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
the key to making great coffee with it is ,  don t use too much coffee .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i drop this phone every once in a while and it still works .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
they work great ,  so i ordered num_num more !  .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
i wouldn t slip it into my back pocket ,  but it works nicely in a small bag or purse .
i have nothing but positive things to say about it .
i wanted to eliminate oil for a more healthful snack option and this popper allows that .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
therefore i bought this and it works much better .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
perfect !  i could never get the coffee strong enough so i decided to give it a boost .
we got it a year ago and use it about once a month and it has worked well .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
it s a little confusing to set up but once you get the hang of it ,  it s great .
unlike my plastic measuring cups ,  these are great for hot or cold liquids .
i have found few uses for bags this small .
had this product already and my son loved it so much that i purchase this one for him .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
i also like to use it for creamy mashed potatoes .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
that said ,  i can t believe how well this thing works .
it s impossible to cut yourself ,  and the cutting blade doesn t get dirty . not perfect ,  but very good .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
the colors were a little different from the picture but i still enjoy the colors .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
canola oil works just fine ,  but the peanut oil seems to add a bit of flavor .
they are a nice large size ,  but aren t too big .
great value since we don t like headphones that we have to plug into out ears .
got these to hand brushes and loofahs in the shower .
i use this for candy making primarily and it seems fairly accurate .
a few of the reviewers complained that it was flimsy but it went on easily and does the job .
smooth and tasty ,  no sugar needed to counteract the bitterness .
having an additional battery source comes in pretty handy .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
they last about as long as the stock battery and charge in about the same time as well .
you ll need a dish sponge on a stick to clean them but they do clean up easily .
charged it up and appears to be holding charge as well as the battery that came with the phone .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
i got this as an add on item because i needed a new sink strainer .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
hah .   i called ka ,  they were extremely nice and happy to send the replacement part .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
its a must have if you don t get the bigger battery with a bigger back .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
i purchased the num_extend about a week ago and i m impressed with this little device .
it works great and does not feel like its a $ product .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i thought it looked cute and handy ,  so i bought one .
lets set aside the cost for a minute . this is an excellent knife .
it s a bit odd angled but as it s one of few of these available on amazon it s great .
it was in the original packaging then put inside a larger plain box stuff with crumpled paper ,  .  .  .  . packaged very well .
if you own that knife ,  and you need this size for a specific application ,  this knife is great .
pricey but i got a good deal on amazon .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
if i learn to keep my phone as close to the headset as i reasonably can ,  then it s great .
it arrived at my house in only num_num days !  one of the best purchases i ve made  :   .
has a nice surface all around the protector .
i m happy with this product because i saved money .
other than that i am quite pleased with this phone .
plus ,  amazon got it to me within two days of purchase .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
very pleased . update :  after ten months it lost its suction .
i love the look and feel of this screen protector .
its great product and no problem at all nothing !  .
i love fresh garlic but always dreaded  the big peel down  .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it is better than the plastic one i have been using for a few years .
it is a bit expensive but i think it is worth the money .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
it holds the coffee hot for several hours .
now if only it were possible to get rid of my keys !  recommended .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
i was a skeptic that this pen could be so inexpensive ,  yet yield so many great reviews .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
i noticed a difference in the quality of sound .
i am hoping to find a product just as nice when i upgrade my phone !  !  .
the light is just right ,  not too bright .
the design is good ,  and the adapter goes sideways when plugged into an outlet .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
this is perfect except forthe size of the holes .
i ve had this for about a month now and so far so good .
it gets very hot and cooks really well .
the best part is that it can be put in the dishwasher when the inevitable kitchen grease collects .
the num_num inch appears to be a great deal too .
this thermometer is good quality for the price ,  but not waterproof for the long run .
i ve been using this for a little over a week now ,  and i will say i love it .
now i use it at least once a week .
my parents who are both deceased used this can opener and it always cut well .
num_num to spare ,  and tottaly worth the money .
but not bad for all the time it worked well .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
you rinse it off and it s all clean .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
i decided to give this one a try and i am glad i did .
would recommend this especially for the num_extend i paid for it .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
it s perfectly acceptable ,  it looks just like it did in the photo .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
this was actually a gift for my mother .
sort of expensive ,  but a well made quality product .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
while not for everyone ,  it s a great product in the right settings .
it was a bit tight at first but after one or two removals it worked great .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
seasoned salt added to the final finished product will give some flavor .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
i bought this a couple of months ago and i love it .
it s a magnet type snap instead of velcro or snapping a button so that s pretty cool .
it takes batteries and they last quite a long time .
this is a cool ,  sleek case for the iphone num_extend
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was ,  but worked like a charm .
works better than the usb charger that came with the samsung galaxy note num_extend
this is a typically nice holster from rim .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
i washed it a hundreds of times ad it still looks like new .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
the very top edge flares to make a lip .
it seems to work pretty well on new stains .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
it is a well made charger ,  if a bit bulky .
i got the product much quicker than i anticipated .
this is good for dehydrate the liquid stuff .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
this microplane is a zester and very good at it .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
these high output chargers will charge most devices much faster than the charger you get with a device .
i d cut it off but it s so well made that won t be easy .
it is large enough to hold onto comfortably but small enough to fit in my pocket with my phone .
will keep fresh in the fridge for a couple more hrs in case someone stops by later .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
besides ,  replacing a battery is a lot of hassle . i liked the shape and how it fits in my hand .
misto brushed aluminum olive oil sprayer great way to control the amount of oil being used .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
this vacuum really sucks .  .  .  . but in a good way . the motor is plenty strong .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
this one was actually different than a previous one i had owned but i like this one better .
other than that ,  i feel this is a nice product for the price .
i liked that it was stiff enough to work with .
it has provided protection through a couple  drops  .
this company has got to make some of the best screen protectors out there .
this system is not fancy ,  but it works .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
i may have to repurchase them !  they re adorable and worth it since they re oh so cheap .
it s super helpful to have an extra battery with a phone that religiously drains it .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
i got it on ebay for % off amazons price .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it a not a big deal ,  but if you re kind of ocd it may bother you . great for the price .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i love this waffle maker but it is a pain in the neck to clean .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
i can t imagine i got the quality product with only $
the case is good but it has many flaws .
it works like this : the lid has a moving center piece surrounded by the plastic and rubber seal .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
they work well ,  just wish they wouldn t warp when in the dishwasher .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
it keeps it from getting tangled ,  and it makes it easy to take the headset along .
hard to clean just because of the material but well worth making anything and everything in it .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
this is an awesome product for my samsung galaxy num_extend
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this is the best vacuum that i ve ever owned ,  and i ve owned num_num different brands .
it was still good but didn t work as well . overall ,  this is a very good product .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
aluminum can actually be made stronger and more durable through a process called  anodizing  .
as long as you have a smooth ,  solid surface like enamel or chrome ,  these little clips work really well .
i loved this device so much ,  that i purchased num_extend
this is a pretty basic cleaner ,  but works well .
it comes with a small container of cleaner ,  which has a refreshing scent .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
this is great for small blocks of cheese .
does it work ,  does it work well ,  and can i beat the hell out of it .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
and the keyboard is a great feature for texting .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it works great and i don t worry about it being on my food .
i recently had to get a new iphone case for my iphone num_num and fortunately found this one .
it is beautiful ,  but i didn t like using it for everyday .
also if you own a pet ,  it works great on pet hair and loose litter around the litter pan .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
this set gives you a nice selection with the num_num pieces .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
i was pretty impressed by the big sound out of this little box ,  so i bought one for myself .
and thorough cleaning is important since you can t look through the carafe as you can with a glass carafe .
it took some trial and error to get some great coffee from this pot .
it is slightly smaller than i had hoped ,  but it turns out to be a convenient size .
i have a num_extend and these are perfect .
i got this for just a couple of bucks and it s all i needed .
it came out amazing !  we simply added a small amount of sugar to the above ingredients .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
you pump it up and it sprays a very fine mist of olive oil .
i bought these to give a way to friends .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
the case is huge but you can see that from the images .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
it blends and purees well and doesn t splash very much ,  which is really nice .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
even though it is a bit larger than i anticipated ,  i still love the thickness .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
i got this to replace my old one .
bothered by the bright light  ?  ?  ?  get a pair of cheap sunglasses .  .  .  . it s worth it  !  !  .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
very handy for your macbook air that does not have an ethernet port .
i had my doubts ,  but the product lived up to the description .
much more stable than the previous one that got broken .
the cup has to be small but as it turned out i had one that fits great .
it does not burn and cleans up well .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
looks nice and holds num_num cards but i manage to put num_extend
good quality so far although i have not really used it much yet .
i have only used it one time ,  but i was extremely happy that i had it .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
i make my own dog treats and these help with proper portion control .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it looks nice and doesn t take up a lot of room .
i thought it was too good to be true at this price ,  but it is the real deal .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i like this case but dont love it .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
what was even better it got here very fast .
the case doesnt seem very thick or sturdy but it gets the job done .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
if you can afford it ,  it will last you for years !  !  .
cheap , solid , kickstand ,  easily removable ,  protects lenses cant see in picture but lenses are below the cases cover line  and not bulky .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
and add salt of course if you like .   it s great for healthy snacks .
i ve had just a few weeks but have used already a couple of times and it works great .
i also like being able to add a little cereal to my oatmeal and not messing with boxes .
i bought this item a little over two years ago on sale .
i d prefer one that s a little more stylish in material .
i gave this product num_num stars because it is the best i have found .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
no warping or staining so fat ,  i am happy .
the length is a bit awkward but it does do the job .
we have a cuisinart grinder coffee machine that makes fantastic coffee .
product is as described ,  small and perfect for an htc evo num_extend
i paid $ for this puppy and i really like the weight and feel .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
i have owned several coffee grinders and this one has been my favorite .
this has two num_extend ports ,  which is perfect for charging an iphone and ipad at the same num_extend
i have had it over a year now .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it took about a week to come in but it was worth the wait .
baked bread and got a nice crunchy crust .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
works good for sealing ,  rice ,  coffee ,  sugars ,  and other foods .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
it worked wonderfully but it took up so much room on my counter and also ,  the results varied .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
when i got this one ,  i was amazed at the difference .
but the fit is exact and the case is exactly like it is on amazon .
i ve made several batches of different kinds of jerky and everyone loves it .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
the main difference is how much power the charger provides .
i really love this case !  so much that i was considering buying another one ,  but for my iphone num_extend
this num_extend is my second battery i purchased from them ,  and i am impressed with its longevity .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
and for my tastes ,  it does look cool .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
its a little heavy and generally requires num_num hands ,  but its worth it .
clean effortlessly without more than a swish of soap and water .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
can t beat the price !  an extra battery for the power hungry num_extend is a must .
the heavy glass jar with the built in blade was impressive .
great timer !  i needed something to use an both a timer and an alarm .
and it shuts it self off which is a good feature .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
works perfectly ,  i use it everyday and no problems so far .
other than that ,  i m happy with what i got for the price i paid .
the case doesnt seem very thick or sturdy but it gets the job done .
i thought it looked cute and handy ,  so i bought one .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the size of the bread tray is just right .
the otter box also provides you with a replacement if it breaks .
there s nothing fancy but it does the job .
this car adapter provides enough power for my phone .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i know lots of people write this in their review ,  but it s really true for me .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
considering the low price ,  even if it doesn t last long ,  it s a decent deal .
i love using a stylus for my ipad and for my cell phone .
so good that i placed a second order for num_num more .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the setting of it can be a bit tricky but i got the hang of it pretty quickly .
works great as a protector for my wife s phone .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
glad to have a phone that i can upgrade .
the case is a little loose but works good .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
saw the reviews on this one and gave it a try .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
this is very useful as i hate holdind my phone to my ear .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i had to switch around between the three before i found a good fit .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
hard to clean just because of the material but well worth making anything and everything in it .
only num_num at home anymore . i love that this is made of stainless steel .
i love this product and have no issues .
i also like these to use on canned food after the jars have been started .
they taste better and they are better for you .
the magnet works fine with num_num as well .
it was a refurbished unit ,  but looks and works like new .
i would still purchase it at the current price .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
this provided the trays i needed at a good price .
i gave this num_num stars because it is a nice and comfortable headphone .
i work at a cell phone provider  where we sell these for $ and these are the staff favorite .
it s a little obtrusive than just a beep or some other indicator . aside from that ,  it s a truly great product .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is cheap and so easy to add to the phone .
if the micro usb connector was a right angle style this could be the perfect usb cable .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
the itorch is a fairly compact battery pack .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
i like the remote control and the fact that i can change the configuration as needed  ie .
it s nothing fancy but the quality is good for the price i paid for it .
hope it holds up to wear and tear over time .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
cleans up very nice in the dish washer which we were not sure of at first .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
mostly ,  the plastic coating was coming off in bits ,  andthatmade us nervous . this works really well as a replacement .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
the carafe keeps it warm for a reasonable period of time .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this product was in good shape when i received it .
the light does sometimes get annoying when night driving but its worth it .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
it did its job to power a backup phone for a few days while i replaced another .
i wasn t expecting much for how much i paid for this cable ,  but it s indeed oem and works perfectly .
same good quality as my old one was .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
sometimes it s great to have tools you just don t have to worry about .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the belt clip alone ,  is worth it; it is strong and has not failed me yet .
i can t believe this inexpensive knife is so sharp .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
you will be pleased . got mine from amazon .  .  . no tax and free shipping .
no bubbles ,  nice and smooth ,  protects my screen very nicely ,  no scratches or damage to my screen .
it allows me to listen to the radio without wires as well as answer and make phone calls .
you can t beat the price on this charger .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
takes a while to get used to ,  but helped my eye strain .
the design is good .  .  . simple ,  without a handle to get in the way .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
it looks cool and kept my phone safe !  would buy again if they make it for my new phone .
they have a soft ,  smooth feel to them .
it allows the ipod to both play and charge .
exactly what we wanted and the price was right .
very fast charge !  i purchased another one ! would definitely recommend this charger .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
it was easy to assemble and in good condition .
i like it and it isn t too tall .
buy more than $ you get free shipping .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
i upgraded from the num_extend num_extend  also a seriously great phone  to this .
since it is this cheap ,  i think the quality worth the price overall .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
much better than the nails i used before .
it is easy to use and the buttons are very soft .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
got this to have a backup for my phone in case i need it .
i prefer the grip of a gel case but this looked nice ,  fit well and was very affordable .
i m surprised they still make this one and sell it .
maybe not quite as much ,  but it s fine .
definitely not as good as oem ,  but it is functional .
with little kids around things often get dropped or played with and this is holding up nicely .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i liked the product ,  the only thing that sometimes it would not stay connected inside the phone .
these lightweight headphones fit comfortably on my ears although it doesn t do a great job keeping noise out .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
quite handy for storing detergent ,  bleach ,  and softener .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the sound is perfect ,  no static or other interference .
i wanted a good unit with good reliability .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
it s so handy when i don t feel like carrying my purse or wristlet .
i am happy with the pot ,  but haven t been as impressed with this line of cuisinart cookware .
i got this knife as a gift and had my doubts that this could be so great .
after reading many reviews i selected this tea maker and have enjoyed that decision ever since .
i can use it for other things as well .
i ve found it small in size and very convenient to use .
i m not sure it improves a cup of coffee substantially ,  but it s worth the effort .
and best of all ,  it s only about $ for the whole package .
so ,  i was searching on amazon and found this one .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
now i can experience cooking on my own oven .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
more on this later . the hardware itself is quite decent .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
the box helps me keep the mess under the sink organized .
i am very pleased with these headphones ,  from the easy pairing process ,  to the comfort ,  fit ,  and sound quality .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it was well packaged without any shipping damage .
it help keeps the screen protector on and keeps the phone from scratches .
its a cable and it does its job .
make a special time to install your protector .
another important consideration is how well things pass the taste test .
a little polish keeps it bright and shiny .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
wide enough for my big self to stand securely  this is nicely wide  ,  num_extend
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
so much better than trying to pour at a constants peed by hand !  !  ! the machine is easy to use .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
all your are left with is nice moist baked cookie .
shipped to me a day before it was supose to arrive !  thanks will buy from this seller again !  .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i m not a heavy speakerphone user ,  but this product works great with my iphone num_extend
i have done pizza dough ,  bread dough with ease and pie fillings etc and it does a great job !  .
the leather isn t real obviously but it s an attractive ,  simple case .
i like the idea behind this product and i m surprised i havent seen more like this .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
they ice best when they are stillslightly warm .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
so far so good but it is a lot of maintenance involved .
purchased this to keep my coffee pot hot .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
better than i could have imagined it to be .
it doesn t show fingerprints ,  has less glare  especially in the car  ,  and looks great .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
the num_extend set held up so well i bought a num_extend set from amazon as a back up .
also it will protect it from getting scraped as well .
the listening experience ,  in my opinion ,  is much better with a pair of headphones than speakers .
plugging it in in the correct direction immediately solves that problem .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
granted ,  this has limited use ,  but when you need it for small quantities ,  it s perfect .
it is much better than the other brand .
these are great ,  and i wouldn t worry about other reviewers who said they were flimsy .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i got this to replace my old one .
i ve also used it on clementines and small lemons with good results .
for the price ,  it was a decent deal .
this works very well ,  only for a couple months though .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
you will enjoy the purchase if you have an num_extend
i wanted a battery charger for my spare battery and this is perfect .
but with continued use i ve finally grown comfortable with it .
i like this cute little retractable cable for charging my phone .
if you are careful with your phone this is the way to go .
i got them for resale with an iphone ,  and they work for that model .
yes i shelled out bucks but i got a great deal on another site .
take a little getting use to but now it is fine .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
still have some that have been with me for many years .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
finally ,  i received this one and it was great !  !  .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i have since started using this pair as mine broke and got him the new style for christmas .
finally an earpiece that fits and doesn t hurt .
but i know it s good for me !  so i thought ,  well ,  hey ,  i ll try making my own .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
also the brushes at bottom get jammed very often . otherwise its very handy and useful for small cleanings .
the powergen num_extend is a good quality charger .
the handy hole in the handle is great for hanging on utinsil rack on the wall .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
i hope it keeps on holding up ,  but so far so good . it s not solid ,  as it appears .
it s sturdy and feels like it can take some serious usage .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i like it but its not the best !  .
the quality is a little low ,  but so far so good .
it s large size makes it difficult to store ,  but it s worth it .
i was able to listen to music with it and make phone calls .
it is a good inexpensive fan ,  but i m not sure i would recommend it for style .
the flap secures with a magnetic closure which offers a reasonable degree of security against accidental opening .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
their size makes them more difficult to stack in the dishwasher ,  but they clean well .
i thought it was going to take longer ,  so that was a nice surprise .
it is not as fast as the original and sometimes stops charging at % but it works well .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
this is a good all around cleaner for the price .
easy to move around because it is lightweight .
this is small and functional ,  great for the price .
this is a great battery ,  not really much else to say .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i don t often rave about a product ,  but this one deserves it .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
a little polish keeps it bright and shiny .
:   doesnt take long and gets the job done .
i bought these to go on a teapot that has since broken ,  but it worked well .
i have never used one ,  tried it out and it is wonderful .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
it makes great toast !  we had a toaster oven which we like but the toast was never really great .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
works much better than the larger metal mandoline i replaced with it .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i have only cut a few things up but the blade has kept its sharpness so far .
i can foresee having this shelf for many years .
this thing will almost fit in your wallet .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i like the color  black  and it is a nice thickness that has a nice appearance and seems strong .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
they aren t flannel ,  but wow are they nice .
just followed the directions and it worked fine .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
it does sort of look inexpensive and it is really small .
i got this good review at amazon so i decide to buy one .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
works well and markings still there  but i only handwash  .
i got it on sale in a store for half the price but i would get again !  .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
good quality too !  way better than many more expensive ones i have bought !  .
it will keep up ,  and charge about % an hour .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i think this is for a different model but it works fine .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
the itorch is a fairly compact battery pack .
the small bowl of a sunbeam or oster mix master is perfect .
the finish on it makes it easy to clean .
i liked the knife so much that i bought another .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
its a good product i just ordered one bigger than i needed .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
i like the edge brushes ,  which they work very well .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
they look very nice on my baked goods though .
i cleaned my bath and shower and overall ,  i was impressed .
these cupcake papers have really vibrant colors that don t fade when baked .
my mother loves it and so do i .
cheap material ,  but it is doing the job .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
worth getting it right once ,  the a year later replace as it gets worn ,  not your phone .
also come in a nice little pouch for storage .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
my phone fell like twice and that was it but it s a real nice cover .
the material and craftsmanship while poor ,  performs adequately well and is of a more than reasonable price .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
it easily clips on to your belt and also provides some protection for your phone if dropped .
we have been exceptionally pleased with this product and have not had any mechanical problems .
very easy to clean and seems like it can take a beating with breaking .
this one allows sound to play while it s plugged in and being used .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
treat them with respect and they should give you long ,  good service .
i bought a num_num cup as well which works well when you need to make a larger amount .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
also good for nuts on sundaes ,  and even cheese .
this is a product that i think will last for a long time .
i bought one of these and it works on my ipod and iphone num_extend
i just got this in the mail a couple days ago .
i also love how small of portions it makes .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
highly recommend this seller for your htc evo num_extend needs !  !  !  .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
if you live in a weak signal area and get dropped calls often ,  it s well worth a try .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
the handle is just fine and it never rusted or anything .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
i also bought this kettle for making tea and coffee .
please be aware when making your purchase  !  .
i am not an advocate for serrated knives ,  but these knives are great .
came in a generic box ,  but packaged well .
this headset is soooo cool ,  i had to order another one .
very please with the antenna but had to buy extra adaptor for it to fit my booster .
maybe they changed the design or something ,  but mine is definitely white .
it heats up fast and comes to pressure in just a couple of minutes .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
it is a nice item ,  but i think it is a little pricey .
great price on amazon  . better style than the num_extend i had  . came in like you get at the store .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
i like it but its not the best !  .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
it has a nice feel to it  not sticky or rubbery  .
when not in use ,  i retract the cord and everything is neat and out of the way .
i have bought several cold steel items and i am always happy with the quality .
that said ,  these knives are very sharp and are used a lot .
it s very small but can hold a decent amount of water .
this mirror screen protector is a great addition to the iphone .
the most current firmware num_extend has made this nok great .
makes one or less quart of good yogurt .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
they gave me a date for delivery and it got here one day sooner .
it is very nice to have a remote so i m not jumping up and down to change the settings .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
this is good ,  since it measns carrying only one charger .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
wilton pans are good quality pans that i have depended on for many years .
the filters are difficult to find ,  but i am glad that amazon has them .
this charger works better than the samsung  oem  car charger that i own and paid over $ for .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
it s solid ,  and the blade is sturdy ,  yet tapers to a wonderful edge .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
once i got use to the blade i found it to be the perfect paring knife for me .
like most good things in life ,  you get what you pay for .  .  . this is expensive and worth it !  .
it s very cute ,  but it didn t last but a few months .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
i own this spoon in both slotted and solid .
i use this for online gaming and my kids appreciate it as well .
it doesn t get too hot so it is easy to handle without an overmitt .
this is one of the highest rated items on amazon .
so i got this timer ,  it does the job .
great if you keep it in your purse instead of jeans !  .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
keeps the phone safe from an accidental drop .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
i hope they will last a little longer .
when the timer is off you just press a button twice and it turns on . pros :  magnet is the best .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i wouldn t slip it into my back pocket ,  but it works nicely in a small bag or purse .
i have to call amazon later on and let them know but other than that their great .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
it s very easy to use and flavor isn t sacrificed .
it cleans easily with just water and a sponge if you let it soak for a little while .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i got this as a gift after pining over it for quite sometime .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
found that i use it more than i thought i would .
i ve purchased cheap stuff before but this worked great !  have bought others since then .
the volume of this ear piece is special .
these works well ,  but the handles are so big ,  you could use two hands .
these help keep the screen free of scratches so the phone has good service .
this beats any cleaning product i have ever used .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
above all ,  it s absolutely fresh ,  smells great and is meant to be enjoyed immediately .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
she loved them so i ordered num_num more .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
best way to peel and core several apples .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
wide enough for my big self to stand securely  this is nicely wide  ,  num_extend
this one works just as well as the one i replaced .
otherwise ,  other than the fact that it s not num_extend it s great .
really cute case ,  but extrremely hard to take off .
i enjoy bacon cooked until it s darn near burnt with nothing coming off it anymore .
i ve had it for a few years now and still works like new .
for the price you can t beat this item .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
these headphones are large ,  but they re solidly made ,  and look like an expensive ,  high quality piece of audio equipment .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i had an older one of these ,  still works .
i put caramel corn and popcorn in these and it kept it fresh .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
$ was a good deal for what i got .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
come with a few different ear attachments so you can make sure you will get the right fit .
i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  so i don t know about durability ,  but so far so good .
i primarily use this in the shower and it works perfectly .
it s amazing that the kit didn t cost a lot more .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
but even with the tight fit ,  i still prefer it to not having it .
i m a fan of oxo products and this ladle didn t disappoint .
the sound isn t high quality ,  but they are great for the price .
the case is cute and looks like the picture .
i bought these glasses because they were inexpensive ,  while still appearing to be of good quality .
it fits good but i noticed it could fit tighter .
it is nicer to look at than the picture indicates .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
i love being able to take one towel with one hand .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
nice to have in an emergency when the regular vacuum breaks .
if you re not too particular about your coffee ,  it s a fine option .
works very well ,  but i have to use pliers when it needs to be remove for any other device .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
this was the cheapest i have found it .
the sound quality is very good but the features ,  interface ,  etc all leave a lot to be desired .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
very tricky to open and put on and take off ,  good for the price .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
it puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much .
it still freezes up well and tastes great ,  but i wished it was a little firmer after completion .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
it has many positive reviews so i thought i couldn t go wrong .
this product works fine and is easy to use ,  but don t expect it to be of quality construction .
a little tight in my incredible num_extend but they fit .
at the end of the day this battery provides a little extra battery life .
i was hoping it would be more flexible plastic ,  but it works well .
case fits the iphone num_num num_extend good too .
it holds a charge pretty well; i use it about two days before i have to charge it again .
i got this headset when socom came out n still have it to this day .
maybe they changed the design or something ,  but mine is definitely white .
though it is not very stable but it is usable .
but if you want comfortable ear buds with decent sound ,  these are just fine .
this is a simple but good pressure cooker .
takes about num_num minutes on medium gas heat to brew ,  well work it for a classic taste !  .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
i was surprised to find that it actually does a significantly better job than my other dishes .
for my purposes ,  for the money ,  this is better than almost any of the many other models i ve owned .
i have a good amount of cast iron .
still using it and working and it has been so long that i forgot when i got it .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
it is a nice item ,  but i think it is a little pricey .
it worked fine for just over a year .
this is a good battery ,  but it was the second replacement battery i got for the same phone .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
this cutting board is pretty good but after a few uses i noticed a few splinters .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
besides the design being a little obtrusive ,  it works .
i have a motorola num_extend that i recently ordered and these worked on it like a charm .
i had wanted one of these for years and finally got one .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
this newer model seems to be better actually .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
great product !  you cannot tell it is there .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i got this tripod to take videos with my samsung galaxy num_extend
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
it doesn t look very sturdy but it actually gives the righ amount of protection .
works great with wide mouth jars but not so much with other kinds .
it is able to charge my phone in under an hour .
but the phone is still sturdy in the mount without it .
mirror works very well but becomes troublesome when under direct light as it reflects towards you .
i have called them twice and chatted once and it was great each time .
i ve only had it for about a month ,  but it works great so far .
i thought it was going to take longer ,  so that was a nice surprise .
it is the perfect replacement for the one i had that disappeared .
but it also works great for tea !  and i do really like tea .
now my great review is not so amazing .
highly recommend to anybody who wants a great sounding pair of headphones that are not super pricey .
what a great way to keep my shoes !  .
it is on the heavier side but i can sacrifice weight for quality .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
i love and use this phone car charger all the time .
i find that pouring boiling water down it works better though .
it cleans up nicely in the dishwasher without becoming discolored .
easy to install in my cd slot ,  fits securely .
even though the sound isn t that great ,  i still really like these headphones .
this makes it essential to get a case .
the blade has to fit just so to make it work .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
i had wanted one of these for years and finally got one .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
i would buy it again ,  it was worth the money .
it has great price ,  rather than $ for one little piece of plastic .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
wow !  i have owned several bluetooth stereo headphones over the years .
i may even get another one in the future .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
much better than other previous experiences with other fm modulators and transmitters .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
at first i was skeptical about rug cleaning ,  but it realllly does work .
the unit is simple to operate ,  plug in cables and turn it on .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
a lot of case will make the phone bigger than what it is .
spend a few dollars more and get the bigger model ,  it is well worth it .
i would recommend this for someone who needs citrus juice on a regular basis .
it made my pile of cleaning supplies look tidy .
as a phone ,  performance with call quality is decent ,  although there were a few occasional dropped calls .
having the coiled wire is also nice keeping it from getting tangled .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
bought as a gift for my daughter !  it is the one she requested .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
works great in place of my big fingers .
this is the perfect utensil drying rack for my odd dish rack .
can t swear it s leather ,  but it s a nicely textured product inside and out .
if its possible to be in love with a pan than this pan is my soul mate .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
bought it here and it came right to my door within a couple of days .
it stops the glare from the sun on your phone ,  and leaves a nice clean matte finish .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
overall i like it and haven t thought about replacing it .
i love it so much ,  i found and purchased a num_extend one  for just in case  .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
don t have one that said ,  it works quite well with both my mac and my iphone .
i had a camera on my old phone ,  but the difference in pixels is extraordinary .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
i was ready to move up to a burr grinder and i really like this one .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
worth the price to have an extra cable when traveling .
i got this for my num_num year old .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
it looks much more expensive and good than it actually costs .
got this to put all my games and a few bluerays .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
i hesitated at first to order this color ,  but i think it has become one of my favorites .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
the integrated flashlight is not especially bright but serves the intended purpose .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
didn t give much protection but it did look nice !  .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i don t use the fm function because the speaker is fine and this really makes my phone navigation useful .
what i have found so far was a tasty cup of coffee with no bitterness .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
we have used this product for several years and are very happy with it .
its worth the buy and i m considering buying another one in a different color as well .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i was surprised by how powerful the motor is .
i am pretty sure that isn t good to ingest cheap ,  but works nicely for what i want .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
this adapter works great and is nice and small .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
i wish the volume could be louder at times but it does it s job .
the display is bright and when horizontally oriented ,  the screen is easily viewable for num_extend
it s kinda big to put into pocket but overall its worth it if you use your phone a lot .
the cable works great with my iphone num_extend
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
needed an extra charging cable and this fit the bill .
i ve been pleased with all the oxo products i ve purchased .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
the amoled screen is awesome !  i keep it at about % most of the time and it looks wonderful .
this cable helps to take advantage of the optional ac charge mode of some devices .
don t know how long they ll last but for the price $ i m happy .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
cheaply made but it does work so far so cant complain to much .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
$ for a large tumbler may sound like a lot of money ,  but it s worth it .
however ,  do note that this style of headset with its mic positioning may present a challenge . happy listening !  .
never loved cast iron in the past ,  but this is great .
i can use it for other things as well .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
i received my itorch very quickly after ordering it and had the opportunity to test it right away .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i bought two of these the first time .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
negative ,  is its really pretty bright and can be a distraction when driving at night .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
other than being too thin for my taste ,  they seemed very nice .
incidentally ,  the price is low for an item of such good quality .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
the plastic layer is strong enough to protect the phone against impact .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
but with num_extend this is a powerhouse for the price .
for the price you cannont best this car charger !  .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i enjoy it with a little olive oil and himalayan sea salt .
it is a bigger size which is exactly what i needed .
the coffee is good and it works quickly ,  but it has a few grounds .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
i have had two blueant num_extend prior to this and i love the quality and features of them .
they re kinda squishy though it s amusing how they retain their shape .
very well made product as is the pot rack i purchased from the same company .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
they fit well ,  but stand off the ears a full inch .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i was surprised to find a battery as inexpensive as this one that actually held a charge .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
i took them right back and got another pair .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i picked this item up at a local store .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i have been using this for a month . pros : it is a good value .
since it is this cheap ,  i think the quality worth the price overall .
i got it on sale in a store for half the price but i would get again !  .
no worries though ,  amazon has an excellent product return service and you don t have to pay for the shipping .
sad thing is it scratches pretty easy and the scratches show pretty strongly .
so we are able to distingues the different phones .
you have to buy special headphones to use the music player . overall ,  i think it s a pretty good deal .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
i have never purchase anything like this and would highly recommend it to anyone .
not hugely better ,  but it surprises me still .
it has a hangup button that works great !  it s basically a regular headphone but in a much cooler style .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
it makes beautifully tender meat but it is awkward to use .
the coffee tastes good . its small enough to be put out of the way when not being used .
what sets apart the amazon brand is the price .
it can really affect how well people can hear your voice .
shoots out to samsung for a great product .
i ve only had to use it a few times so far ,  but it works great .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
they work better than the $ unit it replaced .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
we will see how it holds up over time .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
if you have a samsung focus its a great idea to protect the screen .
after doing a search on amazon i found this otterbox defender for more than a reasonable price .
a nice small clock on a magent if you wish to use it that way ,  too .
you have to insert them well into your ear .
its as good as the regular samsung battery that came with the phone .
but for less than num_num bucks ,  i m happy !  .
narrow enough bowl to get in and fill up .
i have it connected to my phone and my laptop and it works with microsoft lync .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
they all measure almost identically ,  so i feel they are good quality .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i like the headset and it has few advantages over other headsets .
it s portable and it really does power my iphone and ipod .
i have been using it for a year ,  although rarely ,  and it works just fine .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
but other brands might do just as well .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
it s easy to store in my car or even be left plugged in which makes it very convenient .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
it keeps coffee hot longer than i expected .
if you can deal with the small resolution . the camera is actually pretty decent as well .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i just recommend to rinse this well every time you use it .
i use them more than i thought i would !  which is good !  i put in dishwasher .
got these for my cat to eat from .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i use it for so many things even making popcorn .
thank you !  i could not have bougfht the machine as a brand new one .
it s good for garlic ,  tiny onions and herbs .
i purchased this fan a few years back .
bought this for my new droid incredible phones .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
it s not as reflective as in the picture ,  but it did it s job .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
doesn t push up the screen protector around the edges  awesome product !  !  !  .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i ve been using it now for about num_num months and for the most part i m satisfied .
but these lids make opening and closing the jars a cinch .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i ve owned my first one for several years now ,  and it is like new .
i had a silver one for many years but it shows water spots on the top .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i was hoping it would be more flexible plastic ,  but it works well .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
they are sturdy and do not tear even when full of water .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
holds a good charge ,  was brand new in package .
a great product even though made in china .
works well with a iphone and evo and better without a thick case on the phones .
so i thought i would give it a try and it s great .
i got one a few months ago ,  and use it almost every day .
hope it holds up to wear and tear over time .
i gave this as a gift to my sister .
i like the durability of the otterbox cases .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
i was so impressed with the num_extend that i bought a num_extend santuko .
i found num_num to be appropriate for my needs .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
i make my oatmeal in it and it works great !  i love corelle it s light and easy to clean .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
that s a lot better than the acase or the stock battery .
a little pricey ,  but you might as well get something quality that will last a long time .
the plantronics num_num is very loud and fits well .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
it helps to watch a couple youtube videos ,  at least it did for me .
the portable charger is nice too in case you dont have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
it is a convenient size for mixing up frozen orange juice for example .
i compared this with the other name brand  external batteries  ,  and this one is much better ,  hands down .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i really like this case when i first got it .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
you have to put some pretty good torque on it to get it to open .
it works great !  but it falls out occasionally and needs readjusting a lot .
it s a great way to avoid bpa and other plastic chemicals leaching into your food .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
the cord is a good length and does not seem to get in my way .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
it has discolored over the years but still works %
i got this as a gift after pining over it for quite sometime .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
it does allow for the versatility of using a small wireless unit as source .
i even polished the nails red to give it a little piazza .
i was ready to move up to a burr grinder and i really like this one .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
they are beautiful cookies and tasty and versatile .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
i have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good .
i gave a try online and i found this .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
overall this is a very nice brush for the price .
i found one in a store almost exactly the same for $ so this is a great deal .
also like the large onboard and very large expandable memory .
i actually came here to buy a couple more .
i found num_num to be appropriate for my needs .
the handle is a classic shape ,  meant to have only your fingers around it .
it s a great size because get this ,  not all mini baking cups come in the same size .
i have a bigger one my mom gave me and its huge .
then i came across this one and decided to give it a try .
tap them in with a hammer ,  and your good .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
it s great ,  i love it ,  but the handle is too short for my liking .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it isn t great for soft foods but it is great on everything else .
yet it covers the sides and some of the corners of the phone .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
i have not experienced this issue and pictures turn out just great .
it isn t often that i find something so inexpensive that performs to my expectations .
i got this for my daughter for christmas .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
works well ,  especially needed now that i m getting some arthritis in my hands .
yes ,  it s expensive ,  but in the end it was worth it to me .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
this little vacuum is the best for the daily picking up of dog hair from wooden floors .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
so this device allows me to connect in for both voice and data .
it worked fine for just over a year .
the handle lever works very well . so ,  my only real gripe is about the size of the gun .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
these lightweight headphones fit comfortably on my ears although it doesn t do a great job keeping noise out .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
this works just fine ,  i ve been using it every other day or so for a few weeks .
what i have found so far was a tasty cup of coffee with no bitterness .
new battery is way better for being new .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
then i got this one and it s great for just $
touchscreen works well ,  although the buttons are still a bit less sensitive than without the protector .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping .
got this to put all my games and a few bluerays .
good value for the price ,  contains num_num sheets .
as far as reliability ,  i can t give the bodum a good rating .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
it will deliver up to num_extend of power .
and the kickstand is great when you just don t feel like holding it any more .
i have not used it yet but i m sure it will do a fine job when the time comes .
it s a powerful fan ,  but not as quiet as i would like a fan to be .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i am not a frequency coffe drinker but this is very convenient and fast .
also works for the new iphone num_num and ipad withretina display .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
it s made of a rubbery plastic ,  much harder than the silicone ones but still providing good grip .
i have tried this on a iphone and it works great .
the last num_num i got from verizon for $ so this one was a good price .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it was super great it was cheaper than buying it directly from irobot .
here is what i found upon receiving it .
so i ll recommend if you are looking to try out something new .
the magnet in this thing is really strong .
the bottom is nice and thick like it should be .
i got this to replace my original battery .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i found it easy to use and store away when not using .
i bought this to use for grinding spices and grains ,  and it works fine .
this product has saved my phone on more times than i can count .
if that works i will buy a second one .
it works well but i wish it had a micro usb plug to charge it .
i was a bit hesitant based on some of the reviews but honestly found this product very useful .
but that just could be my $ adapter .  .  . in all ,  great product for the price .
it cleans up fairly well but takes a bit of scrubbing .
the butter stays nice and soft and doesn t get all icky like it does in a regular butter dish .
comfortable earpiece with a choice of num_num sizes .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i found that just powering the unit off and on again did the trick .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i picked this up for $ and it was a great deal .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
the case is cute and doesn t really add that much bulk to it .
you can t beat the price and they shipped on ti me .
i like good ,  strong coffee ,  but i m not really a snob .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
wish it has polished stainless steel handles and lid but for the price .  .  . it s a great pan .
i purchased this item due to the good reviews .
i haven t tried the usb connection yet ,  but good to have just in case .
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i was very surprised at how well it cleaned my floors .
i have used similar items like these in the past and they work good .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
what a nice knife that is quite dependable . i like the pouch it comes with .
i paid just under $ and at that price it is a very good value .
the reviews on this item were good ,  and i agree .
it s not perfect ,  but i haven t found a bluetooth headset that i love yet .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i got a good chef pizza stone as a wedding gift about num_num and a half years ago .
but that just could be my $ adapter .  .  . in all ,  great product for the price .
they re very inexpensive and nice to use when you need a set of earbuds .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
they provided good coverage for my phone ,  and no whines there .
this screen protector is just a wee bit better than the zagg protectors .
this company is making some nice things that you can buy .
i bought this as a gift for my granddaughter for christmas .
i was just looking for num_num but this package of num_num for a very modest price is even better .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
but oh well ,  it s a good price for num_num cases .
also this helps my ice cream not come out too runny .
and it s nice not to see the copper speaker gauge wire running all over the place .
thanks to amazon and customer reviews this caught my attention .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
my cat actually likes drinking water out of a glass bowl .
people were unable to see what was on my screen and the mirror worked well .
i needed to get a screen protector and i just happen to get lucky enough to find this .
very easy to put together and more importantly ,  comes apart just as quickly .
it is very handy for clearing the last goodness out of peanut butter jars ,  for instance .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
it was hard to pay so much $ but in the end i am very happy with my purchase .
i recommend this product .  .  . but it was somewhat pricey for its one purpose .
much better than the nails i used before .
just the right size for num_num to num_num servings .
i couldn t afford a new one and found this rebuilt one here at amazon .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
well worth the price  even without the free shipping availability  .
so if you want a good thermos ,  buy this one .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
every oxo product i have ever owned has been at least very good ,  and for the most part ,  excellent .
i ve had this for about num_num months now and it hasn t broken ,  which is always good .
the smart additions make this gadget even more convenient to use .
i bought this for my wife ,  who is a fiend for good coffee .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
much better r than some of my more expensive knives .
not a lot of frills with the thing ,  but it is easy to use .
simply put ,  i like it !  graphics is great ,  lots of functionalities .
we got this after borrowing one from a friend .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
i was hoping these would fit .  .  . and to my delight they fit perfectly .
the color is nice ,  not bright red but a darker red .
very inexpensive and works great for my purposes .
it makes a good basic phone for making and receiving calls .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i had one and really liked but decided to get a keurig .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
i got this to replace my old one .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
egg rings tend to leak a little around the edges ,  but still make for fine egg mcmuffins .
while these cups cost more than your typical plastic measuring cups ,  they are very nice .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
it makes a great bowl of popcorn  o . k .  ,  i eat the whole bowl myself  .
i ve only had this product a day but so far its pretty cool .
this product is much superior to others i have owned in the past .
over all it s pretty good but i might try another unit next time .
i ve owned this slicer for about a year and it never fails to produce quality cuts .
it works great . the cable i received from sf planet was slightly different from the picture .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
it was a great headset and when it finally died i bought the new num_extend
you can get your iphone in a protective case in this case but it is a tight fit .
is a must for my num_num yr old daughter .
my kitchen can t accomodate an under the sink trash bin ,  so this do nicely .
for me it works great ,  but i do not demand a whole lot from it .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
i make my own dog treats and these help with proper portion control .
the face of the earpiece is sensitive to touch .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
neat little item but it has a few quirks .
i purchased it new and it is new .
i have been using this for num_num months now and its really good .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
i just use the regular coffee but its still good .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
it a not a big deal ,  but if you re kind of ocd it may bother you . great for the price .
a must have if you rely on electronics and may not have a power source !  .
no big deal ,  china makes wonderful products now ,  unlike in the past .
these are really good screen protectors they come with num_num front screen protectors and num_num back screen protectors .
not the highest quality ever ,  but perfectly fine for the price .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
the battery holds a charge for a long time .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i like that the unit isn t round and is quieter than the cheaper units .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
good quality does cost more ,  so i buy it anyway .
this thing is so sharp that just grazing your finger with it can cut you .
i bought it because i needed a new case ,  but i never thought i would received this wonderful case .
this works just fine ,  i ve been using it every other day or so for a few weeks .
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
this item is small and does the job well .
i haven t extensively tested it as a tripod adaptor but it i can say it works .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it gets a lot of use for that other items .
this is one of those products that will last the years .
it s actually easier to use than the charging cable .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
its better than those $ cases in the mall !  .
to rinse ,  repeat sequence above with fresh hot water .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
well ,  both work great for my iphone num_extend would charge my ipad ,  though .
it s a nice ,  substantial unit  not cheapy plastic  that does have a little bit of weight to it .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
it is surprised me at the first time when i used it .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i loved this product so much that i m going to order one for my num_extend now .
the case gets in the way of the feel a little bit but the phone still functions inside it .
the color is nice ,  not bright red but a darker red .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
for whatever reason ,  i m adverse to big or flashy headsets ,  and so this device is near perfect for me .
this would be the perfect sifter if it was small enough for me to hold comfortably in one hand .
don t like the size of it much but the battery and the connectivity make up for it .
i also like that it can be converted to a usb connector and used with your computer .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
a way to retain the cap of the pen would be nice as well .
this knife is super sharp ,  if you are tempted to feel the edge i recommend that you don t .
at $ it is kind of pricey but if it does what it claims it should be worth it .
considering the low price ,  even if it doesn t last long ,  it s a decent deal .
much better than the nails i used before .
i m normally the sweetened creamer guy but this stuff ,  though strong ,  is so good you can drink without sweetener .
a little of the core is left in the apple ,  but for normal store sized apples it works great .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
it dispenses a good helping of soap when you push on it .
but i gave this one a shot and i m so glad i did .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i bought this for that purpose and it solved the issue .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
my plastic measuring cups were getting bad ,  so i went back to glass !  these work great .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
bluetooth set up was amazingly fast and automatic .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
it was in the original packaging then put inside a larger plain box stuff with crumpled paper ,  .  .  .  . packaged very well .
i figured that was something i could live with to be honest .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i also learned to use the sharpening steel to finish the job .
this product is the same as the original battery that came with my fone and works well .
this cable works great ,  even with my underpowered usb ports .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
great oem batteries ,  i bought to go with the charger i reviewed .
its good protection and my phone goes through a lot  pockets ,  purses ,  keys ,  gym  .
i strongly recommend spending the little extra money and getting the anker name ,  the two batteries ,  and the charger .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i ve been using this food processor for over a year and can verify that it is made very well .
mine worked and i like it although the screen looked like a different shade of black .
it is easy to use unless you are opening cans with your mouth .
i just bent the tabs down on my door and made it fit .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
the num_extend is great ,  and when it uses wifi the connection is instantaneous .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
ive only used it once  just got it last week  but so far so good .
perfect for older vehicles prior to having usb .
i bought this item a little over two years ago on sale .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i got this for my mom s phone that kept needing charging in the middle of the day .
they offer good music quality with a few quirks and marginal call quality .
as long as you charge it for about num_num hours ,  this thing is amazing .
it takes a while to know how to use it ,  but it s really rather simple .
as it turns out it last quite well .
it looks kinda tacky . for the cost ,  this is a great case !  .
it s so very rare you find a product that does a great job at what it claims to do .
i feel safe and comfortable with this wallet for so many reasons .
great for those that don t have much to do with phone .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it s pricey but if you want a good headset than it s worth it .
i just use the regular coffee but its still good .
so i still like it ,  it s still usable ,  but i took off one star for durability .
i m very happy with this purchase and wish i d had it sooner .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i liked it and used it so much that it finally  died  .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
i wanted black so i bought them here .
i bought this and it worked great for a while .
veggie noodles are a snap and an easy alternative to pasta made with gmo wheat .
definitely a good product ,  though the release mechanism had a few issues when trying to remove my phone .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
the headphones are a bit heavy to run with ,  but for relaxing around the house they are great .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
i like simple designs compared to garish ones .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
as i am always looking for that best price vs .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
you basically have a power outlet that s portable with it .
having more the one usb charging cord is a must with the atrix .
this is a good battery ,  but it was the second replacement battery i got for the same phone .
i bought two of them to give as gifts .
a little too big for my tastes ,  but i really like it .
good product ,  no bad things to say about it .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
does good . here are the six more words required .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i made sure i was getting a genuine product ,  and this one is .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
it s not thin ,  just a nice weighted feel without being too heavy .
this fan is a bit noisy ,  but otherwise durable .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
i make another batch while straining the first batch . highly recommend .
we have have used it about once a week since we got it .
nice and loud for conversations but for music it is a different story .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
very tricky to open and put on and take off ,  good for the price .
if you eat a lot of vegetables and salads they are handy items to have around .
user interface is pretty confusing if you want to utilize all the functions ,  but it s very versatile .
it fits perfect and snug; a little too snug in my opinion  it s not the easiest to remove  .
the blades are sharp !  i cut myself slightly putting the processor together .
it is much better than the ones i have found locally in stores .
i have had zero problems with it ,  so i m happy .
the jabra extreme headset is discreet ,  fits well in my small ear and delivers clear static free sound quality .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
for my purpose ,  this is excellent as you don t have any power adapter and audio cables to attach .
i m not a huge earbud fan but i found these to be pretty good headphones for casual listening .
i bought this as a christmas gift for my grandkids .
these stack and store canisters were a great way to store what i needed .
the extra battery is a must for now .
didn t think it would work but works great !  .
this thing works so well i have to turn the volume down .
the texture have only light gripping ability but it is better than completely smooth plastic .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
it s good construction hard to get the headphones in and out .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
it heats up quickly and holds enough water to get the job done . overall it gets an a .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
maybe not quite as much ,  but it s fine .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i have fried calamari ,  fish for tacos ,  mushrooms ,  and even cheese sticks in it to great results .
it takes about num_num hours to charge the headset and i ve found that the battery life is pretty reasonable .
it works good and all but i wish the cord was just a little bit longer .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
works well !  sometimes after market products don t work ,  but that isn t the case here .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
only had it a month but makes excellent coffee .
i also purchased a clear screen protector to give added durability to the screen .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
a good choice if you need a charger .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
it fits the front of the phone from edge to edge .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
i hope with the num_num being a bit longer it still looks proportionate .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
it took some trial and error to get some great coffee from this pot .
the markings are easy to read and don t wear off over time like some of the cheaper brands do .
also a couple of the num_num quart models are an added plus .
hooks up to an ipod just like it should and works to transfer files and charge the unit .
some ice ,  some yogurt ,  some milk ,  a variety of frozen and fresh fruits and yummy .
this is nice to have so that i m not stuck without my phone .
i enjoy using it and have fortunately not encountered any issues thus far .
this is a good investment for me to quickly make my clothes presentable to wear .
but the first one that came with it years ago ,  is still great .
protects the phone real good ,  even one will last a long time .
pretty cool stuff ,  although i don t see myself using it all that much .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
this is my second purchase ,  hopefully as good as the first .
i bought a  used like new  one from an amazon marketplace dealer and it works fine .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
the case is light weight and easy to get on and off the phone .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
i did some research and bought this one .
it is not perfectly smooth ,  but it gets hot and holds the heat in very well .
it holds enough tea for a very large cup .
i got this to replace my original battery .
we love ice tea and have a container in our frig .
i love the phone ,  but can t do the bluetooth yet .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
i like this case so much ,  i ordered another case in all black .
i love my cuisinart coffee maker and i would only buy cuisinart replacement parts for it .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
i would recommend this item too anyone looking for a usb adapter charger .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it s also great when you are in a loud room with lots of extraneous noise .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
if you don t care about your front camera video quality ,  then these are perfect for you .
it gets rid of the day to day fingerprints and smudges really well .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
but considering the real cheap price of these on amazon it was worth the buy .
i got this for my num_num year old .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
this is a much ,  much better headset than the old num_extend
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
ordered num_num sets to go with new nesco dehydrator ordered and they are wonderful .
it is important to clean this out once in a while ,  perhaps once a month or two .
you can t clean the casing ! this little puppy is great .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this is a good cable for uploading data to phone .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
for the price i would say buy it .
i bought this item a little over two years ago on sale .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
i decided to buy him this and he loves it .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
but the nominal amount is worth it by the aggravation that you save .
symbian num_num is a really good update to symbian num_extend
it was inexpensive and simple in appearance ,  which i like .
this works very well ,  only for a couple months though .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it s iridescent and changes color when viewed from different angles .
this screen protector did the job for my phone .
and the bowls are so useful that i consider picking up this set in other colors ,  too .
bought one for me and one for daughter .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
quality is not great ,  but ,  the price is very good .
the rubber feet keep this board in one place and is very sturdy .
handle design includes finger grips ,  especially at the end ,  and that keeps my hand firmly on the num_extend
i don t have a dishwasher and it s easy to clean .
this device is so easy to use and so much safer than trying to hard wire a temp controller .
the cord is short ,  as others have mentioned ,  but an extension cord is an easy fix .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
it s small but the perfect size to take up not too much room on the counter .
gives your screen a bit of a rainbow effect tho .
i carry it as an extra in my bag in case .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
the battery can easily be transformed into a nice stand angled well for varied uses .
i would highly recommend if your looking for something simple to protect your phone .
makes a good filter if yo use a drip method .
worth it !  it keeps any extra grounds from getting into the pot of coffee .
it works well and charges it fairly quickly .
be warned that for tuna it works best with  chunk  type .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
for the price of it ,  it does its job .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
it was in the original packaging then put inside a larger plain box stuff with crumpled paper ,  .  .  .  . packaged very well .
the sound was never quite perfect on them ,  but cutting the cord made it worthwhile .
i can t believe this inexpensive knife is so sharp .
more internet device than phone but i m hooked .
the blades are quite sharp and are full tang .
this charger works better than the samsung  oem  car charger that i own and paid over $ for .
this battery works as well as the original battery that came with the phone .
the clips are not dependable but the belt loop is easy to use and provides security for the phone .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
it s sturdy and great quality . but yes ,  it s a bit of a sledgehammer .
i was expecting something a bit sturdier but it works and that s what counts .
i think i would have been happy with it ,  it was good quality .
it takes some getting used to and the instruction were not specific ,  but it has worked well .
it s nice and wide and deep for larger items .
so happy to throw out my old ,  flimsy one !  .
but they are sharp !  what a difference from the cheap ones i had been using .
i m pretty satisfied with this grinder so far .
i am always reluctant to use products that rely on adhesive and suction ,  but this adhesive works very well .
the product arrived on time and is as described .
still ,  i m not a big texter and i find the keyboard fairly easy and pleasant to use .
this item is a little pricey but well work the price .
i thought for a while how best to describe the quality and functionality of the plantronics num_extend
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
these were a little dull out of the box ,  but sharpened easily and seem to hold an edge well .
also great for ice cream or a bowl of granola .
good price ,  good service !  recommend ! only downside is must remove phone protective case to insert into charger .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
the holster will not hold the phone with a case on it ,  but this is perfect for me .
it fit the phone and it charged with the charger .
i was looking for a larger bowl and this sure fits the bill .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it was a good price on a speck product .
i just bent the tabs down on my door and made it fit .
bought this as a gift for someone who uses headphones on a daily basis .
it looks much more expensive and good than it actually costs .
i have small hands and really love these gloves .
i forgot how tasty freshly popped corn can be .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
the ear piece section is very flexible and at first feels a little funny to put on .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i drink a lot more water because of this .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
for what i paid for this product ,  even if it lasted a few weeks ,  it was worth it .
i finely got the set together after getting this knife .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
i like the small size and light weight .
good quality product ,  but i would prefer glass instead of plastic .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
the belt clip is sufficiently strong and held up well .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i would buy it again and may do this sooner too !  .
it feels a little flimsy but it does the trick .
i think i will reduce the amount of grinds a bit the next time i try this . enjoy !  .
i would recommend this product for anyone who cannot push or drag a large vacuum around .
the general level of suction however is good and it picks up most dust and dirt without trouble .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
this is a simple phone with a good signal .
a bit of a pain to clean but worth it .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
it fits really tight on the phone ,  which i really like .
well worth the price  even without the free shipping availability  .
i got this for my num_num year old .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i purchased this item because the price was so great .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
it s more expensive than it could be ,  but it s not overpriced and it really works well .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it puts out a light spray and adds just the right amount of that delicious olive oil taste .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
i like it because of the size and the color .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i like the zipper on the side for easy access .
i got this for my nexus num_num when traveling .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
however ,  though it is smaller than i expected the toaster is solid and well designed .
i forgot how much i liked this keyboard .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
my recent purchase of the itorch external battery num_extend has presented itself to be a great buy  under $
i thought it may be a cheap like the rest of them .  .  .  . i was so surprised !  very nice quality !  .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
took me a few minutes to put together and just beautiful .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
it fits like a glove !  !  !  i ve never had a case fit this well on my phone .
i am able to fit pairs of heals or sneakers in each compartment .
there are definitely cheaper ones out there ,  but this one is amazing .
i would recommend this charger for the samsung galaxy num_extend
i brought it back and got a replacement .
much better than the old num_num sided ones .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i read reviews of knock offs so we paid a few dollars more and got this good quality product .
i even take this when i go camping !  .
i love using this for carrots ,  cukes ,  zucchini and sweet potatoes .
it has usb power too if you connect it to a laptop .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
have had one of these for about num_num months now ,  and it works fine .
i needed a way of playing my iphone audio on my car stereo and this was a great choice .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
finally i was able to make fried chicken the right way .
the quality of the material top grade ,  there s a bit of unevenness with the mesh .
i use a finger to guide it for the first twist and then it is works well .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
yes ,  good ,  fresh beans are expensive ,  but not nearly as much as a cup from starbucks .
this is a fantastic ,  low profile case with a nice texture on the back to improve grip .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
i followed the directions and they turned out great .
it cleaned my carpet and it cleaned it really ,  really well .
if there are any issues with etching or fading i will update this review . recommended .
it is still too small to be very useful ,  but i m glad i finally found something it can do .
i wash it by hand with a brush that doesn t damage stainless steel so it works great !  .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
you definitely notice it when you need to drag your fingers across the length of the screen .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
i got two of these ,  one for the car and one for home use .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
i bought these for my wifes phone and they acutally are great screen protectors .
just dont drop it on your foot;  recommend .
i just opened it ,  so i don t know how it will hold up ,  but works well and looks nice .
it s rich and full of flavor without being bitter .
this cord is shorter than the original cord that came with the phone ,  but it still does the job .
went on very easy ,  and came off with just the right amount of struggle .
i tried hand washing the separator ,  but found it much easier and cleaner to run it through the dishwasher .
nothing works as well as this inexpensive cover .
wow !  i have owned several bluetooth stereo headphones over the years .
i have a lot of allergies ,  but this machine picks up everything .
purchased this one to go with the larger i already had .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
it is noisy but most of the time ,  it works fine .
thanks amazon ,  another deal delivered to my door !  .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
i then cooked up some pancakes using the griddle and they were nothing short of amazing .
this is a good pan for mini tarts .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the sound is great ,  i lost the num_extend one while working .
this knife helped me to make it go well .
they also work good when a recipe calls for a small amount of boiling water .
it fits good but i noticed it could fit tighter .
very slim and attractive footprint so to speak .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
watching the dvd really put me at ease for first time use .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
these are definitely difficult to apply but amazing once on correctly .
this is a nice wireless headset w one caveat .
i like being able to store these in a closed position .
so best to keep an extra on hand at all times .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
will definitely use on my next baking project as well .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
so i thought of this as a good option .
i came upon this beauty on one of my shopping sessions on amazon .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
this was a great starter pot for my first venture into water bath canning .
you can also use it for food of course .
i ve been happy with it and think the other reviews largely do it justice .
i got it on sale in a store for half the price but i would get again !  .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it is a bit pricey for a replacement but it s better than buying a new press .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
this is a great coffeemaker for the price .
my youngest daughter requested this as a gift .
although it is plastic ,  it seems very durable .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
this caused a loss of num_num star ,  otherwise still a great headset .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
i got this for my ipad ,  and it folds up and comes with a case .
i feel the price can be a bit lower but panasonic is a big name .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
i d recommend to anyone ,  and i d probably buy another set .
handle design includes finger grips ,  especially at the end ,  and that keeps my hand firmly on the num_extend
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
have it in my car and use it when needed .
i have a seperate set of sony earbuds that sound amazing and used them on the handsfree .
when i got this case i was very happy with it .
these oxo measuring cups look a little strange but work well ,  and do not tip over easily .
got this espresso maker when my old one broke .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
instead of being hot and stuffy ,  it s actually cool .
since they are glass they can break but we have found them to be quite durable .
this works great ,  it took me an hour and four hot buckets of water to get everything clean .
bothered by the bright light  ?  ?  ?  get a pair of cheap sunglasses .  .  .  . it s worth it  !  !  .
the blade is thin so it cuts through ,  but is very strong .
the num_extend one is great for most modern phones that exceed the typical num_extend of a standard usb charger .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
if you don t use mobile hotspot  or don t know what that is either  ,  then yes i do recommend it .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
our son loves scooby doo and was so excited to get this .
the battery life has been more than adequate for my very light usage .
it is a bit heavy device and big in hand but i like it overall .
i believe because of the thickness ,  it was hard to get all the bubbles out ,  but worth the effort .
mine was made in china and i got it at $
i put on the music on my ipod ,  and wow .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
i m used to oxo quality ,  but this is over the top .
i was delighted to find this replacement and it works fine .
works great just a little loud in my mind .
but its still better than my original battery .
it works as you would have expected it too .
it is easy to use ,  and doesn t let large grounds get into the coffee .
the laser is nice and it is a good thing to have just i case you need it .
it actually fits pretty good ,  the headphone jack plug that seals it does not fit very well .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
it s made with good quality cast iron but not to heavy .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
my wife drops her phone constantly ,  and so far ,  so good .
the insides seem to scratch rather easily and may be harder to clean when scratched . enjoy .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
plus it was very inexpensive which also makes it a great deal !  .
even $ is high for a bt headset these days .
i love these ,  have bought other brands and they break in a few months .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
we will see and i will update at that time .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
this is a pretty nice spatula ,  but not the best that i ve owned .
i bought this as a gift for a friend who spends time in his truck .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
anyways its worth the money for those that want something simple to protect your phone .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i don t think that has ever happened to me before and it was a nice surprise .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
if you can afford it ,  get this one .
it makes the coffee nice and hot without scalding .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i have horrible allergies in the spring and fall and this works great .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
but ,  in a very good way . currently ,  i have an iphone num_extend
i would recommend ordering this item as the price was extremely cheap but the product is good .
handy to have when the power is out .
overall a cool function . for the price range i would have liked to see a case come with the headset .
i was presently surprised that it fit makny different size cans .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
my son got this as a gift for his iphone num_extend
it wasn t piping hot but it was still hot enough to enjoy .
and ,  it s perfect for the hair in the bathroom between scrubbing .
these scissors are not the best quality ,  but still a good value for everyday use .
perfect size screen protectors ,  though a little difficult to remove all the bubbles .
i gotta say that was pretty dang sweet .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i also like the tight profile that doesn t add much bulk to my iphone .
that s not a major issue ,  though . if you can find a good deal on this ,  i d recommend it .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
anyway ,  it does a really effective job of pressing the garlic out and leaving the skin behind .
voice dialing is simple and can even be done with mild background noise .
i love to fill it with a hearty helping of vegan chili !  .
a bit thin ,  not the highest grade stainless steel ,  but it does the job .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i used it about once or twice a day ,  and it is still going after a week . highly recommend .
nicely browned and crisp on both sides ,  but soft in the middle .
this rack has a sleek look ,  ia practical ,  easy to install ,  adjustable ,  and economical .
i had one piece that still had a sharp feel to that area .
i am a num_num pound num_extend woman and my pants fit beautifully .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
the material is a good flexible rubber and smooth to the touch .
this was easy to set up on my laptop ,  and has really great sound quality .
the best way to charge this battery is to leave it plugged in overnight .
only have had it for about a week ,  but so far so good .
it doesn t really do the privacy thing too well but its thick so it is a good screen protector .
i was expecting a more baby pink and this is a clear pink .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
the price is incredible for this kind of case .
it s really hard to describe how good it sounds .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
nice quality but not quite as heavy or thick as our older ones we replaced .
much better than i d expected for the price .
they re a bit heavy ,  but this is one thing i like about them .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
i have some of these that came with a gasket that makes for an airtight seal .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
if a larger size becomes available i would recommend it instead .
the stickers that come with it can be used to keep it in and smooth on top .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
this is a pretty nice spatula ,  but not the best that i ve owned .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
you get a couple of each size you need .
i would recommend getting the circle filters like these instead of the square .
i probably purchased my first set at walmart ,  and i ve always been happy with them .
i bought these in num_num and they are still going strong .
it really only cooks enough for two or three people ,  and is great for a couple .
it s easier to deal with than headsets and great for people who don t like sticking things inside their ear .
the coating is extra slick and thicker than most .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i have purchased other jar openers in the past ,  but this one actually works without any problems .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
i ve had it for about a month and fresh oj every day .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
does it work ,  does it work well ,  and can i beat the hell out of it .
the sheen of the metal is comparable to what you see in the picture .
this pan is deeper than it looks and is wide without being unwieldy .
but ,  it gets the job done with music enough to use it .
it is well made and easy to clean ,  though as the manufacturer points out it should be hand washed .
these shears do it all and so easy to clean and sharpen .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it fits perfect and snug; a little too snug in my opinion  it s not the easiest to remove  .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
i have a bigger one my mom gave me and its huge .
it is also capable of supporting up to num_num wireless internet connections by acting as a mobile hotspot .
i got it free with another product i bought .
the best part is it was only like $
i ve had this phone for several months now .  .  . works great .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
most of the newer smart phones can draw num_extend of power ,  so this charger will work perfectly for them .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i have had a lot of different bluetooth headphones !  this beats them all .
i ve owned a lot of pans in my lifetime but this has been the best pan i ve ever owned .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
if a larger size becomes available i would recommend it instead .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
i purchased it new and it is new .
what i like the most about this ,  is that it is easy to read .
it s been over a month and so far ,  so good .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
i have used this a few times now and each time it works fine .
i give a four star rating for its quality and three star for its price .
this phone is so pretty i almost traded mine in even though mine is newer .
i got this for my num_num year old .
almost $ each is a little pricey for a glass bottle ,  but these are nice due to the design .
it is large and needs space to keep .
i got a good deal when buying num_num packs of this .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i am a fussy gal and i like good honest reviews .
nice ,  more sturdy than i d expected for the price .
i ordered one from amazon back in num_extend and was very pleased when it arrived .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
they get a lot more life than the batteries we replaced .
so happy to throw out my old ,  flimsy one !  .
low light was a little grainy ,  but still good with the flash .
it s also inexpensive so it s a good price value tradeoff .
the texture have only light gripping ability but it is better than completely smooth plastic .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
corelle items are weird in that they are cheap and yet still a quality product .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
the sheen of the metal is comparable to what you see in the picture .
not a perfect fit since it wasn t designed for this model but works well .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
this is a great peeler for things like carrots and vegetables .
this headset is soooo cool ,  i had to order another one .
i look forward to using it and having it add to my holiday decor later this year .
i have a variety of cases that i ve purchased from amazon . this isa good ,  simple case .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
plus i like items like these that are washable .
case has unique smell to it when you notice it at first .
some work perfectly and others wont stick in certain areas .
i ve bought multiple of these in the past few years .
it s not as reflective as in the picture ,  but it did it s job .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i will update this review again in a month or so you will know if it still works .
i got this to replace my original battery .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
this one works replaces a different brand ,  but same style .
it s a waffle maker and it makes waffles .
i bought this for that purpose and it solved the issue .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
opera mini web browser is a fine app ,  particularly when no wifi is available .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
yes i shelled out bucks but i got a great deal on another site .
i ve had a lot of measuring cup sets and this is one of my favorites .
still ,  i think the sound on these is very good .
not hugely better ,  but it surprises me still .
it has great suction and pulled up tons of gunk from my carpet and rugs .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
it isn t as thick as i would like ,  but i like it anyway .
it worked fine for just over a year .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
it works well for me as i do not put real heavy items on it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i have been looking for good quality single ear buds for a long time and now i found it .
the handle itself is very easy to use and this is very well made .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
it seems expensive at first ,  but really ,  it s fabulous !  .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
i considered not using one until i found this one .
i read the reviews and liked that i heard and so far ,  i am not disappointed .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
this pillow works so well for me ,  i was amazed .
i replaced this over num_num months ago and it has been working well since .
these have found their place in my kitchen .
great little thermometer ,  makes it easy to roast a chicken just enough ,  without overcooking it .
it had good noise canceling for the low price .
they also will melt if you expose them to high heat .
a little lighter weight than a set i bought about ten years ago ,  but these are fine .
i ve rarely been so pleased with a small appliance .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
i got this as a xmas gift for my mil ,  and later got a num_extend one for us .
based on the reviews ,  i decided to test these out and they work great .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
the slim design is nice too ,  not bulky compared to other external batteries .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
though i have seen some poor reviews of this product i am impressed with these  inexpensive  earphones .
but once i played with it a little it actually fit really tightly around the phone .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
it even saved me when i had an extended power outage .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
i was so glad to find this cable at a reasonable price .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
it is a nice heavy weight but not overly heavy .
but it works fine for small items like eggs .
and it s even good for one or two servings of pasta .
we just bought this one to have a bigger size .
got this yesterday and have been using it ever since .
back side of the case is very dingy looking and yellowish . if you want a simple protective case it s good .
my husband swears that the coffee tastes better !  thanks for this wonderful product .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
i just don t like the long boom . overall ,  a great headset .
next i made an enormous stuffed crust pizza on it and it turned out perfect as well .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it works great and i don t worry about it being on my food .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
you just have to be sure to clean it well .
the sound is great and there is not a lot of backround noise that gets through .
i actually love it so much that i came back to amazon to buy another one .
i just got my blender and used it for the first time .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it uses a max of num_num watts which is pretty good .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
it s small size also allows it to fit nicely in the dishwasher .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
if you need more than just one of these they are definitely cheaper to buy in a set .
they look very sturdy and are quite heavy .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
very good deal a lil under num_num bucks for the num_num items i got .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
great for salt ,  pepper and hot pepper flakes .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it can be used for just about anything .
a very cool case for my very cool iphone num_extend
just bought this one because the filters were cheap and it is a popular item .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
i ve been using it a month or so and it s still working fine .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
they were easy to connect to my computer ,  and the sound quality is good .
it is a little bit of a tight fit in my iphone num_extend but it works .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
it is not perfect but it works well once you get the hang of it .
this charger works great and cost pennies compared to what it would cost at an phone store .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
takes about num_num minutes on medium gas heat to brew ,  well work it for a classic taste !  .
it does its job keeping the hat s shape ,  even though none of my hats fit the shape perfectly .
but is it worth the money ?  for me ,  yes .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
however ,  it works perfect for my phone and the price was super cheap .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
so much better than the small one that broke .
her old battery wasnt keeping a charge and i saw amazon had the battery at a very good price .
i ve even used it to support a roast in a num_num degree oven with good results .
the screen protectors aren t the greatest and the stylus is not flash but the case is wonderful .
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
fits and works just as well as the original carafe .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
great for the price !  i got it for num_num something i think .
last one lasted num_num years !  hope this will last as well .
if i am using the internet heavily ,  it is good for a few hours .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
good value for the price i paid  on sale  .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
this is a replacement battery and works fine .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
bought this a year ago and installed it myself .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
this case is by far the best for the phone .
you pay a little more but it was sure worth the price .
it fits nicely in my dishwasher and i had no problem with residue at all .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
this mandoline is great !  i ve wanted a mandoline for sometime but they always seemed much too costly .
it is a bit noisy but i can live with that .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
i wash it by hand because i also want the pan to look its best for a long time .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i am not that fussy and i think it is decent for the price .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i ve only had this for a few days ,  but so far the battery life seems great as well .
it is very light weight and stays on my ear .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
the earphones stick out a little ,  but the sound is pretty decent for the price .
i bought this unit after having a mr .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
it was what i needed for the cake to turn out perfectly .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
i own this product for about a year now .
what a great way to keep my shoes !  .
it s very small but can hold a decent amount of water .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
mine suffered a small melt at contact point on iron skillet ,  but still funcitions great .
these bowls are small ,  about the size of a small ramekin ,  but i find lots of uses for them .
these scissors are not the best quality ,  but still a good value for everyday use .
i d love to get another chopper attachment and blade .
convenient size and works great for my galaxy num_extend
the rubber ring on the bottom keeps the dispenser stable .
the touch is smooth to the point it can be a bit slippery .
i took a chance with this and i m glad i did .
i find that to be the same for me .
it would be a bargain at its regular price of about $ but at $ it is a steal !  .
i am able to fit pairs of heals or sneakers in each compartment .
this is the cheapest toaster i have purchased but clearly the best .
it seems to be a reasonable replacement for the original battery .
these have nice smooth action and sharp blades .
it is sturdy but ,  i wish it were a little larger .
i will recommend it to those who like to have a glass of juice occasionally .
i don t leave it on for long periods of time ,  but it s comfortable when i do have it on .
there is a lot of bass and the notes are clear .
great product !  except the beeping issue most others here complain about .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
this may compromise the seal but it still seems to work well enough .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
a little lighter weight than a set i bought about ten years ago ,  but these are fine .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
it s a small slider ,  but serves the purpose .
this is a lightweight unit ,  small in size and the clip is lightweight but sturdy .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
would be great if they came in sets of num_num vs sets of num_extend recommended !  .
the iphone is so sleek it slips every where .
i like it so well i ordered num_num sets .
it holds a huge amount of pepper so filling is seldom to begin with .
i like orange and it has a glossy finish .
the popcorn is light ,  fluffy ,  crunchy and delicious .
finally we got it after ordering twice and waiting almost two months .
it almost looks like a toy ,  it is so cute .
it s also great for making tea ,  just fill it up with water and leave the coffee filter off .
for video recording ,  its pretty good ,  and can easily replace a digital num_extend
i was surprised when i opened the box .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
this works very well ,  only for a couple months though .
i ws also able to run the devices off the power pack without issue .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
this is better flavor and easier to use without any propane or charcoal .
i ve used it for about a month now ,  and it has really found a niche in my knife collection .
i liked the design ,  but should be a mix of hard and soft to be perfect .
i have had it over a year now .
fits perfectly ,  but has more capacity  orig is something like num_extend
i would recommend this product for anyone looking for a simple fm transmitter for their ipod .
just make sure you follow the directions and really perfect fluffy rice .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
the cable frayed and split after a year but still work fine .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
but for smoothies ,  it is without peer ,  and for making homemade mayonnaise ,  perfect .
it works good for most vegetables i use .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
better than the one that came with my phone .
it s been working great !  i have had no problems at all .
i got this to replace my old one .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
my wife hates it for that very reason ,  but i love it .
so i like it and it s small enough to fit under my cabinet .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
i imagine that it will loosen up over time .
battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be num_extend
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
it s a nice alternative to canning ,  which uses a lot of sugar .
i love this can measure two temps at one time .
so i still like it ,  it s still usable ,  but i took off one star for durability .
i would recommend this if you are looking for this kind of battery .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
inspite of minor complaints ,  i am happy with it .
i recently got serious about weight loss and took the advice to get a food scale .
the strap seems sturdy and meets my needs .
ive only used it once  just got it last week  but so far so good .
i ordered it and i have to say i was surprised by how well made it was .
the matte finish is great ,  but it makes your whites have a small rainbow effect .
i have used a lot of bread machines with good results ,  .
if you can ,  and are willing to experiment a little ,  then it s a pretty good $ to spend .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i m happy to say that it presents no problems in my case .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
had an earlier version that got so soft that the cover was falling off . this one is much better .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
love the color .  .  . only thing i didn t like about it is the filter change indicator .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
very good i had minor bubbles i just squeeze out with the thing they give .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
i was surprised by how sturdy it was though .
the sheen of the metal is comparable to what you see in the picture .
hibby complained so i bought him this pan .  .  . he loves it for his omelets .
i love these kitchen sink brushes ,  i have also purchased several of these brushes as well .
i carry it as an extra in my bag in case .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
we got this to replace an older metal spoon rest .
i am a num_num pound num_extend woman and my pants fit beautifully .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
but amazon is so great with the return process that it wasn t a big deal .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i purchased this for my galaxy num_extend and i honestly loved it .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
it is fairly bright and can be used as a flashlight .
the rechargeable battery can last long enough in one full charge .
and the light is bright !  and there is no setting to turn it off .
i have it connected to my phone and my laptop and it works with microsoft lync .
we got it for my wife s phone and bought a handful of other cases .
they are a most useful addition for tablets for external flash drives .
i recievea breadmaker sometime back ,  and loved it .
then i got this one and it s great for just $
this set gives you a nice selection with the num_num pieces .
best yet it was actually the size i was expecting .
$ a month will keep you going for num_num days ,  and $ is good for a year .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
purchased it as a gift but ended up keeping it for myself .
very easy to put together and more importantly ,  comes apart just as quickly .
it heats up fast and comes to pressure in just a couple of minutes .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i was worried about buying an inexpensive digitizer for my broken ipod touch num_extend but i m very pleased .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i bought a  used like new  one from an amazon marketplace dealer and it works fine .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
this is a quality product i have not seen in market for a while .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
it works great but the original did not last even a year before needing to be replaced .
it is easy to use and not too bad to wash after use .  .  .  . so i use it more often .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
as far as reliability ,  i can t give the bodum a good rating .
it seems to be a reasonable replacement for the original battery .
we used it for the first time last night ,  and it worked well .
it s also a good heavy weight for a small pan .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
anyway ,  for the price it s a good deal and offers very good protection .
i bought them some time ago and the screen still good .
really cute case ,  but extrremely hard to take off .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
these are great for the glove compartment of the car .
more sturdy than other products made of lighter materials .
i found this one for a reasonable price and went for it .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
i knew i needed a case for this phone and during the num_extend i found this case .
this is a pretty good phone for the money and to only be num_extend
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
thought the case would be kind of flimsy ,  but it s pretty solid .
this was my first purchase with amazon and i love it .
would love to see them made of silicone however .
compared to products costing $ and up ,  this is a good value .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
i got this for my num_num year old .
i had to find a decent one to use on the stove top .
also good for sharpening long knives with thin blades which are a challenge with a stone .
i was skeptical at first ,  but this thing is great .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
shipping took approximately num_num days ,  but was stated up front and was worth the wait .
this is fine as i prefer a slightly stronger brew .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
the cord is capable of both charging and data transfer from my pc .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i would recommend and order again when i need them .
they get a lot more life than the batteries we replaced .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
i wanted something large enough for the big pans and this does that .
the led light on it is very bright .
i cant believe i could replace my old one at such a great price !  .
i found that just powering the unit off and on again did the trick .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
even if your grip is weak ,  this will do the trick .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i have used this charger for almost a year and it works great .
no worries though ,  amazon has an excellent product return service and you don t have to pay for the shipping .
the connector piece is very sturdy and does not come out easily .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
but after a week without it ,  i found how much i relied on it .
i purchased this on amazon immediately and he was sure happy .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i ordered this replacement and it was simple to install .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
it provides a reasonable amount of protection though when i dropped my phone a couple of times .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
the coating is nice and makes for an easy cleanup .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
it is beautiful ,  but i didn t like using it for everyday .
the listening experience ,  in my opinion ,  is much better with a pair of headphones than speakers .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
no smell and great warmth on my feet .
they look nice in my bathroom with a simple polished look .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
it works and that is about all i can say about it .
i can foresee having this shelf for many years .
it is best for when i am gone on a trip .
since i have had this potato ricer ,  i have been making the best mashed potatoes i have ever made .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i give this product num_num stars because it s great for pet hair .
compact and charges your phone for a long time worth the money .
this case is actually better looking in person .
it s very handy and doesn t take up much room .
i use one earbud when i m on a call and it sounds great  i can use num_extend
the blade is relatively easy to clean as well .
otherwise ,  it is a great little piece of equipment .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
this turner is versatile ,  easy to use ,  and handy .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
easy to use ,  and doesn t require superhuman strength .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
i hope it will last a couple of years  :   .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
they may be expensive but they can last a lifetime .
these are a good bargain for the amount you get .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
other than that i would recommend this product .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
between this flavor and the original ,  it can t be beat .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
i purchased the white version ,  it so nice ,  light and easy to use .
that is bigger than the battery inside the phone .
this is a small easy to use blue tooth .
i m still adjusting to this new way of cooking .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
i got this when we got a new tv .
great for running ,  walking ,  biking or weight based exercising .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
it s a nice phone for not a lot of money .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
they are inexpensive and work well and look as good as a more expensive versions .
this case is made out of high quality leather and is blackberry brand so you know its good .
it was great !  i can t wait to try seafood .
i got this privacy screen protector for my oldest son .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
i eventually cut it off and shaved down the sharp corners and it was good to go .
i bought two of these the first time .
this is a very handy cord to have in your bag .
i got this from amazon for $ and free super saver shipping .
i love my iphone num_extend for a lot of reasons ,  its slim ,  lightweight ,  easy to hold .
after i got the disc installed properly  concave !   it worked great .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
buy this product if you drop your phone a lot !  .
i would recommend this stand for iphone num_extend
the num_extend is a great example of this .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
it is a better buy than the less expensive one .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
these bags are much better then the regular s sized bags .
much better than the nails i used before .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
make sure you clean your screan really good .
as a matter of fact ,  i tend to think that i got a really good deal .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
i paid num_extend for mine and thought that was good .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
i purchased it new and it is new .
i bought this one for my daughter as a wedding gift .
i am pleased that they offer this small model ,  it is perfect for one coffee drinker .
this is a pretty good phone case ,  protects the phone ,  but kind of hard to get to phone quickly .
i have well water which is not the best ,  these filters do the job .
remember also to preheat the pan to help avoid sticking . enjoy !  .
i was concerned that the bowl might not fit on right ,  but it s working great .
most of the pulp makes its way into the juice which is good .
other than that ,  i love that it s matte finish as no fingerprints ever show up .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
this bc num_extend may not be compatible with apple new devices but it does the job on charging .
i have to have the best product for the best deal .
very sturdy . recommended to anyone that needs a strap .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
this is the newer version of my old one and works a bit easier .
if you want quality you need to pay $ instead of one penny ,  plus a very reasonable shipping price .
love it !  i needed a backup battery when the one in my phone died .
unlike some other headsets i have had ,  this one includes different fittings for maximum comfort .
other than that i would recommend this product .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
an inexpensive set but nice for everyday use .
very easy to put together and more importantly ,  comes apart just as quickly .
the case offers good protection and really isn t too much bigger than the phone .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
everything works well and the only problem i had was with the headphones .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
tells you battery level when you turn it on .
you can tell it is soft ,  yet very tough and durable .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
for whatever reason ,  i m adverse to big or flashy headsets ,  and so this device is near perfect for me .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
i gotta say that was pretty dang sweet .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
the cover is scratched up but the phone still looks new .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
my old kitchenaid beater was chipped from over use and this sure did the trick .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
now i can charge all kinds of other stuff using this as well .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
it has a nice feel to it  not sticky or rubbery  .
this has a pretty quick brew time .  . i think that helps keep the coffee from not getting bitter .
and it s perfect for what i need . i m known for being frugal .
this toaster is hands down the best toaster i ve had in num_num years of marriage .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
combined with the included screen protector ,  i feel that my expensive gadget is well protected from any mishaps .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
i m pretty particular about my diet  works great ,  not too bad to clean either .
i was a little scared but the phone is great .
great buy and nice quality ,  just dry them after you wash to avoid spotting or rust .
works pretty good ,  it has a clicking sound when you first turn it on ,  but no big deal .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
i like good ,  strong coffee ,  but i m not really a snob .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
i ordered this product for my windows surface rt and it works perfectly .
this product gives me plenty of battery to keep going for the whole trip and more .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
i would recommend it and i would purchase it again .
i just got it today so cant account for longevity but hope it last for some time .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
i purchased an adapted from another manufacturer and i am good to go .
this works much better ,  the only drawback being the frequency at which it has to be refilled .
have had one of these for about num_num months now ,  and it works fine .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
it creates a more even coating and you ust need to spritz a little on .
they are a nice large size ,  but aren t too big .
yes ,  it seems a bit steep in price ,  but i think its worth it .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
as someone that doesn t hand sharpen knives very well this appliance was a welcome addition .
for the quality of these batteries ,  the price is amazing .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
it was a good machine ,  but i think this one is better .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i ve been using this product for a month now and its met all my expectations .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
for the price  , there worth getting to protect your devices .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
it holds quite a bit ,  so i don t have to refill too often .
so it got four stars from me ,  but other than that it works ,  and sounds great !  !  !  !  .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
this is a great headset but i switched to the motorola num_extend for several reasons .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
although made of lightweight plastic it seems durable .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
this is a pretty good product for its price .  . thought it would of been cheap and ripped by now .
i was hoping it would be more flexible plastic ,  but it works well .
it s made of a rubbery plastic ,  much harder than the silicone ones but still providing good grip .
even if it isn t always this good ,  it s definitely better than before .
it does brew good enough coffee compares to starbucks  for us .
it really is cute but it dont recommend for a long time use .
they match well with all of the other items i purchased .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i own two of these adapters and both worked without any problem .
i ve bought multiple of these in the past few years .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
great alternative if u don t like hard cases which add thickness to the phone .
i am not a great cook but this helps .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i ve used it twice and it worked both times .
no longer have the num_extend but when i did this case worked very well with it .
it has a little light to let me know it has power .
it is really nice be able to get replacement parts rather than get a whole new machine .
they are made in china but i have to give them credit for being well made .
it is a good filter but i wish i had gotten a larger one for the krups num_extend
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
this is a better quality filter than what comes with the floormate .
sometimes the good old things are just better .
i have the next size bigger as well and it is to large .
i have other retractable cables like this and this is one of the better ones i have used .
i m a tea drinker and this is a must have .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
i am well versed with a variety of technological products .
the packaging is good and it arrived in package complete .
first use made a great tasting cup of coffee .
keeps the beverage warm for a hour or so .
this blender worked great for a little less than a year .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
it looks so nice  ,  am not sure if it breaks easily though .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
i did cook with it on a few occasions and it worked just fine .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
they re also easier to clean than the plastic !  .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
i have used this to modify my galaxy num_extend and it was very easy .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
not as well made as it use to be but still good .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
this product justifies the extra expense over competing products yet it is still reasonably priced .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
these are the right size for my needs .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it took me a while to figure everything out but it was worthy .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
my daughter was so happy when i got this .
also ,  i like that it doesn t add a lot of bulk to the phone ,  but keeps it safe !  .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i can t tell you the best apps to get as it depends on how you re using the phone .
it makes good coffee but i don t like the look of the plastic exterior although it is less breakable .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
it will attract lint from your pocket if you carry it around that way .
it s great ,  i love it ,  but the handle is too short for my liking .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
this unit also comes with a couple adapters for different plug types .
watch the dvd that is included ,  and you re good to go .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
i bought two of these the first time .
this screen protector adds a nice amount of privacy to your phone .
although made of lightweight plastic it seems durable .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
this removes num_num star . the price is reasonable at under $
i bought these for my daughter and will be ordering another set for myself .
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
containers were a little smaller than expected ,  but worth the price .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
that way i always had a freshly charged battery .
although its not as good ,  its a lot easier to use .
nice to get more than you paid for !  .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
very sharp knife so i am taking some time to get used to it .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
at the time i purchased it ,  it was at around num_num bucks ,  so it was an amazing value .
i d prefer one that s a little more stylish in material .
i would recommend this charger for the samsung galaxy num_extend
it s nothing fancy but the quality is good for the price i paid for it .
the battery is lasting quite a while ,  too .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
taking care of the eggs came easy and quick .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
this is real heavy duty and can take a lot of squeezing .
i got it here at amazon for $
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
this is a decent phone case for the price ,  i didnt expect high quality for such a cheap price .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
they come out perfectly cooked ,  not runny and not too hard .
had it for over a year and it still works .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
works great to keep some at work ,  some in the car ,  some by the bed .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
i have had it for several years now .
cant beat the price for a car charger .
i wouldn t say it exactly looks good though .
also if your recipe has some oil in it ,  that helps .
i can now talk at low to normal and the i can hear myself great .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
ive dropped this phone a few times and my phone is still looking good thanks to the case .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i received my case for my phone ,  and i am very pleased with it .
the cord is a bit shorter but it works fine for me .
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
other than this issue it is a good product .
it allows me to listen to the radio without wires as well as answer and make phone calls .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i got this one for a good deal with the free shipping .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
but for the price at which i bought it $ it was worth it .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
she says it doesn t alter the flavor of the tea and seems to keep it fresh .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
makes a significant difference in the taste though it takes a couple of uses to get there .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
overall it suits it s purpose ,  is well made and the price is very cheap .
the cover is made of good quailty see through plastic .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
here is what i found . pros :  the unit is very light weight compared to similar devices i have owned .
i have never used one ,  tried it out and it is wonderful .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i prefer them stacked in a drawer so i can simply reach in and grab the one i want .
i will keep it since it is easy storage .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i m not a heavy speakerphone user ,  but this product works great with my iphone num_extend
this charger works better than the samsung  oem  car charger that i own and paid over $ for .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
i bought one set and liked it so i imediately bought another set .
like many ,  i have a jawbone era headset and i purchased these to make the experience more pleasant .
it s so quiet you can t even tell if it s on .
and you can pair the headset with more than one device .
i got the smallest one and it s still huge .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
i thought it was larger than it looks .
this is a great durable screen protector . the good :  lasted a long time . the bad :  nothing that i can think of .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
a cut above the generic car chargers that i ve used in the past .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
it s easy to store in my car or even be left plugged in which makes it very convenient .
it s nice to know the ingredients i m using are healthy .
i ve had for num_num months now and i m enjoying them .
since my eyes are not that good ,  this is tremendous .
i like the color  black  and it is a nice thickness that has a nice appearance and seems strong .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
i still have one from two decades ago but it was time to replace with a fresh look .
will be buying these again once i use these up .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
i also found that it is great for cooking up things like chicken pieces or breaded fish fillets .
this is a great feature because i don t have to take off the headphones to answer the phone ,  etc .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
as many reviewers have stated already ,  it is pretty sturdy ,  high quality plastic case .
it is great not having the cord trip me up when it s not being used .
it s good ,  i have no complaints . they aren t spectacularly comfortable .
i am not that fussy and i think it is decent for the price .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
this is as good as it gets with coffee .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
the size is great for num_num or num_num people .
i bought this unit about one year ago .
these racks are built very well and i ll use them for many ,  many years .
user interface is pretty confusing if you want to utilize all the functions ,  but it s very versatile .
much better than paying $ at the local store .
i bought a flair with power nozzle years ago .
i recommend cleaning it before your oil has hardened !  .
some work perfectly and others wont stick in certain areas .
i also connected to a iphone and it also works .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
i like the size and style of these; many are too big and conspicuous .
although the design isn t my favorite the quality of the product is what matters most .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
this gives me a very nice granular control of how loud or soft i can make the volume .
they are durable and keep their color if hand washed .
unlike most headsets ,  this one sits comfortable on the ear with a soft plastic loop over the ear .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
much better than i d expected for the price .
it is so powerful and although it is a little loud i am proud of my blender .
i will buy again ,  when i need filters for the coffee maker .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
works well for my use for over a year .
i have been using bluetooth stereo headphones for awhile  few ear bud sony ones  . this one is pretty decent .
works great for my phone ,  never had any issue .
it s much better than my old one i used to have .
it is a bit pricey for a replacement but it s better than buying a new press .
it doesn t make blades razor sharp but does a decent job .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i purchased this model as a gift for my son .
i can t vouch for the durability of the screen yet ,  but it saved me a lot of money .
and it sets the phone in voice command mode as well .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i ve had this grinder for over a year and have been mostly happy with it .
it s also great for vent mounting ,  provided you don t have one of those vents that oscillates automatically .
i was surprised at how small the unit is .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
i stumbled across this on amazon and decided to give it a try .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
the portable charger is nice too in case you dont have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
it works fine ,  although i had some doubts .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
i was surprised at how small the unit is .
if you have a galaxy num_extend or num_extend i would recommend it .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
i got this to replace my old one .
but this worked perfectly for me over the months .
the price was reasonable and they are incredibly durable .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
no guarantees this will work for everyone ,  but this worked for me .
compact in size ,  but great for small amounts of food or a few pieces of toast .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
the case is a bit stiff but that is a good thing if you want full all around protection .
i have small ears so this headset fit me perfectly .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
it works with the sony playstation num_num also .
first one was purchased over num_num years ago ,  and it still works .
awesome stylus ,  using it right now as we speak .
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping .
i followed the directions and they turned out great .
good to use when refilling the dogs water bowl also .
otherwise ,  this product is excellent and i ve had no problems with it at all .
it is a little bulky but it is worth it .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
i d buy it again if i ever needed to .
i would recommend this for anyone who has silver or silver plate and needs storage .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
i returned the product for a new one and so far the second one has held up much better .
instead of grounds in the coffee i got just a smooth cup of coffee .
the quality is a little low ,  but so far so good .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
it is a great fit for my htc evo and doesn t add a lot of bulk .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it is definitely smaller than the standard bowl ,  making it useful for smaller volume uses .
so great ,  i m going to order one more num_extend and num_num num_extend
i found it and after a great deal of difficulty ,  figured how to load it .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
it beats using a new paper coffee filter every time you make a cup of coffee .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
it has great price ,  rather than $ for one little piece of plastic .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
got these for my cat to eat from .
i haven t tried the usb connection yet ,  but good to have just in case .
i got this to use on the porch ,  and going to other places like friends and family .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
the cup has to be small but as it turned out i had one that fits great .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i have a usb hub ,  so this works out well for me .
i also found a free app that allows the led flash to be used as a num_extend
an extra bonus is a separate port for to use as a usb charger .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
a must have if you rely on electronics and may not have a power source !  .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
also good for sharpening long knives with thin blades which are a challenge with a stone .
i was not expecting great sound and was pleasantly surprised .
they are durable bags good for holding single serving sizes of things .
i am using it to make loose leaf tea ,  and it works very well for that purpose .
the ability to remove the filter is very convenient and makes cleaning a breeze .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
the tea tastes better and the cleanup is easier than the other brand .
i use it at least once a week .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
this makes holding the phone easier in my opinion as the edges of the iphone are a bit jagged .
i ve tried other flavors ,  mostly teriyaki ,  and it just doesn t come close to how good this stuff is !  .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
yes ,  i know canned soup is bad for you but it s great for a quick dinner and clean up .
it s even better than i could have imagined .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
it was expensive ,  but very well worth it .
i make all kinds of foods on this grill .
it is an inexpensive case but it works .
the speaker is better than most speakerphones out num_extend
a quality alternate shock resistant case for galaxy num_extend
they were sharp out of the box ,  and well packaged at that . the block is quantitatively heavy piece .
i loved these they stayed on my phone with no problems .
it is a great kitchen tool ,  and i am sorry that i did not have one years ago .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
well worth the money !  you won t be sorry .
after drowning my last battery this one is even better .
i must say the amazon choices are amazing and so are the prices .
they are durable ,  and just the right size for my small hands .
i think the brita system is a good filter device that makes my awful tap water taste good .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
good and very hot  !  !  !  !  !  lol but perhaps a little bit too cooked for me tho .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
i got it on a sale at under ten bucks .
this allows you to dial a contact number with one touch of the icon .
bought product as a test and was impressed ,  worked well and the food was not rubbery but quite nice .
i love this product although i could have done without the drama of it getting lost in shipping .
the lid is substantial and just as big as it needs to be .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
i m not sure what hte differing voltages mean but it works well .
this is not the best way to design this ,  but it seems to work well enough .
i get the walmart kind  great value brand  and it fits perfectly with a little room to spare .
this product is good for making iced tea .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
i bought this as a gift for someone .
it is not an air conditioner ,  but for moderate temperature control ,  the fan is very nice .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
i have a small oven and it s hard to find a good solid roasting pan that will fit .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
i got another set for one of their bedrooms that is now a study .
put this on top of the lid and it will seal it right back up for the next time .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it reaches a reading within num_num seconds or so ,  and is accurate over a great temperature range .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i ve tried it twice and it does work .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
it also makes a great cup of joe .
i would have loved something over head preferably ,  for this was the best budget headphone and i chose this .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
anyway ,  i received my package in perfect condition and quickly ,  which i neede because my phone kept dying .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
it s perfect !  i had always found cooking rice to be very tricky .
they re pretty straightforward to use based on the instructions .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
this longer knife is essential in my opinion .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
other than that the grip is cool if you take a lot of photos or video .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
i bought these batteries here from amazon ,  and i love them .
the handle was cool to the touch and i was able to get a good grip on it .
i enjoy bacon cooked until it s darn near burnt with nothing coming off it anymore .
it was what i needed for the cake to turn out perfectly .
very nice ,  hard to get on after you put it on .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i had no trouble with sticking and it cleaned up quick and easy .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
works great but really difficult to clean after you are done .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
bought as a gift to accompany a wok i got my son for christmas .
the cover also has a nice  rubberized  feel to it .
this product is a few dollars more but it is worth the extra money .
it was relatively cheap but looks very nice .
i will recommend it to those who like to have a glass of juice occasionally .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
but for a skillet that has never been used before that is better than great .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
you will feel safe standing on this ladder .
obviously i like them since i m ordering another set .
i got this product after a good research .
i thought it was smaller than the photo led me to believe ,  but other than that ,  it was great .
we bought this because amazon had a great price .
leather seems good and the price is cheap .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
while the carafe is very good at keeping the coffee very hot it is a tad cumbersome .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i must note that you have to keep it clean .
the extra power is well worth the extra $
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
it s worth noting the inside of the plastic is partially lined with felt .
the range is about as good as you can get with bluetooth .
at about two bucks a piece these can t be beat .
well ,  the screen cover does ,  and protects the screen .
it is not the fanciest grinder but for the money it is well worth it .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
i just wanted a simple coffee maker that works well .
the speaker also makes it easier if you need a loud volume headset .
i ve always liked the quality of belkin products ,  and this case lives up to its reputation .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
very cheap ,  and good quality for the money .
much better than the plastic ones i ve had for years .
the best part is it was only like $
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
this cable helps to take advantage of the optional ac charge mode of some devices .
i am so happy with this purchase !  i have an iphone num_extend which has a stinky battery life .
it does a great job and it is very easy to clean with a good brush .
sound quality on my end is superb ,  although callers say i sound a bit muffled .
it is very low profile but still provides great protection .
i didn t expect much and was pleasant surprised when i received it .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the glass itself is pretty heavy and sturdy .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
needless to say ,  i m here on amazon ordering three more for them now !  !  !  great product that works wonderfully !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
i also bought this kettle for making tea and coffee .
granted ,  this has limited use ,  but when you need it for small quantities ,  it s perfect .
well ,  this beauty is one great inexpensive knife .
i prefer it to larger tower fans or big oscillating fans .
it is a little bulky but it is worth it .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
it s a well made ,  quality piece that s big enough for my cooking needs and it looks great ,  too !  .
i made my first cup the minute it arrived and enjoyedit .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
this is a great charger ,  the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
cuisinart products are built extremely well ,  durable ,  and last .
this thing rocks !  !  i was going to build my own but the price and quality told me otherwise .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
a little more than i had expected to pay but well worth the money ,  it will last forever .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is a bit expensive ,  but if it outlasts my regular dishes it will be worth it .
i purchased the num_extend bag and it was perfect size for my needs .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
i hooked my dslr and i have access to the sd card that stores images .
buy it if you think you need it .
it also feels smooth on the finger ,  and isn t overly reflective like some other brands .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
these glasses are very simple and nice looking .
we got this to give as a gift and never heard any complaints about it .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
the machine today is the same quality as my last one .
this item is relatively inexpensive and seems to do the job .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
esp with the extra num_num inches of depth this is a nice sized little unit .
i consider the portapro the best headphones for under $
if you can find it for half off i would recommend it .
it provides a reasonable amount of protection though when i dropped my phone a couple of times .
i was also happy that i didn t have to assemble it !  well worth the money !  .
helps a lot to spray with cooking oil before using the trays .
you have to learn how to use it properly to get good results .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the foam is not as long lasting as i would like ,  but it is really just fine .
this is a good idea and i hope it works .
so good for me who gets pretty hot without air conditioning .
i needed an extra charger for work and this one does the job .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
this masher has pretty short handles but works perfectly by putting your weight over the item being mashed .
i like it and i will get my money s worth in use .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
best of all it is made in usa .
these are much better than the mirrored screen protectors i had prior .
hey ,  i just discovered how cool bluetooth is ! also included in the package is a small ,  bendable ,  angle usb charger .
yes ,  it s expensive ,  but in the end it was worth it to me .
i also read some good reviews on it .
it saves money and a lot of time .
the case doesnt seem very thick or sturdy but it gets the job done .
i have well water which is not the best ,  these filters do the job .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
it worked very well ,  but i was careful not to overheat it .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i prefer them stacked in a drawer so i can simply reach in and grab the one i want .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the first one worked great !  i had no issues .
if you re looking for a cast iron grill skillet this is the one you should buy .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
i bought this pan as a gift for a family member and for myself .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i have well water which is not the best ,  these filters do the job .
it is a little hard to put on but once it is one it fits just right .
i cleaned all over and this little machine surprised me .
good price for regular hot air popcorn popper .
a game that has a rich ,  always moving num_extend environment ,  such as glyder ,  previously suffered from slowdown hiccups .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
but once i figured it out it was simple .
not the sharpest ,  but sharp enough that a good steel will keep it useful for quite a while .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
for the price you can t beat this item .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
overall good quality ,  just a little to hard to get around with the buttons for me .
perfect .  .  .  .  . as all is fine with no issues with batteries ,  or dropped calls due to signal .  .  .  .  . perfect .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
the crust was crispy and the pizza was very good .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
i got these bowls to cut down on serving sizes while dieting .
works great for using when i want to watch netflix unto my tv . i wish the cable was longer .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i ve had this for years !  it still works fine and does not give me any problems .
it took some trial and error to get some great coffee from this pot .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
the count up clock feature is nice when steeping num_extend
i ve had this product for over two months and so far i am very pleased with it .
i think i will buy another set soon .
i have only had this a few weeks ,  so far so good .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
waaaaaaaay worth the $ i paid for these .
for the price it is really handy ,  and have used it a lot with my issues .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
i have had it for num_num year and it still works .
it takes a few minutes and i am sure will add to the longevity of this awesome machine .
i have used the tripod today sunday  and seems to work just fine .
i enjoy not having to use paper filters that give a paper taste .
but you get what u pay for so i m happy with it .
if your looking for something really nice you should keep looking .
i carry my phone in my pocket and this case keeps the in and out action smooth .
i got this headset because it promises noise cancellation .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
this is a pretty basic cleaner ,  but works well .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
a simple soap and water wash is pretty much all that is needed .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
this has to be the best bluetooth i have owned .
i like this case but dont love it .
i don t like to eat my coffee ,  but i like it full rounded ,  and clean tasting .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
water heated to the right temperature helps too .
i found this one with many great reviews .
it also serves as a good desktop stand when i m home .
excellent value but one stopped working within days .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
i ve bought two of these in the last couple of years .
it s small and compact ,  so stores in the cabinet well .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i highly recommend and have yet to find an oxo brand product that i m not pleased with .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
if you ve got money to burn ,  it s probably worth it .
a little too big for my tastes ,  but i really like it .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
no worries though ,  amazon has an excellent product return service and you don t have to pay for the shipping .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
perfect for my aux hookup in my car so i can listen to my podcasts .
containers were a little smaller than expected ,  but worth the price .
everyone always complains about how hard these are to put on ,  but if you do it enough it s easy .
i m probably one of the few people who can t stand bagless vacuums ,  but these bags work great .
it was fantastic that it came in less then a week .
this was a great starter pot for my first venture into water bath canning .
the case offers good protection and really isn t too much bigger than the phone .
i haven t tried the usb connection yet ,  but good to have just in case .
i have never used one of these  .  .  .  . it worked well .
i wouldn t buy any other brand ,  this product is top notch .
sometimes this becomes very important if an emergency develops .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
i bought this hoping the quality was still good for this unit .
i can then top with what ever spices i feel like .
i like the colors i received better than the ones in the picture .
maybe i just got a strange batch . i recommend buying these filters from amazon for their great price !  .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
i also used it for apples and itwas a cinch to get even perfect slices .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
it does pause the music while you are on a call ,  so that s pretty nice .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
with a little salt for flavor ,  you have a healthy snack .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
i bought it a few years ago for my thanksgiving turkey .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
took a while to arrive but worth the wait . thanks !  .
works great !  it is a little smaller in size than my samsung galaxy num_num phone .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i had a different style air popper that didn t pop all the kernels so this is a great improvement .
the cover is a real bargain  ,  it does attract lint but its easy enough to clean .
works well with a iphone and evo and better without a thick case on the phones .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
works great but only up to num_extend amps .
much improved taste and believe me it s helped my costs on the bottled stuff .
one was broken on arrival ,  but the glasses themselves are great .
i think most people will find the sound quality to be very pleasing ,  right out of the box .
wish they weren t so expensive but def a good investment !  .
i ve been wanting one of these for years and finally i was able to buy one .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
but it does work well ,  at times slips out of place .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
then i top it off with a few ounces of hot hot water americano style .
works well ,  have to be super careful putting it on the phone since its only one .
makes a significant difference in the taste though it takes a couple of uses to get there .
the clasp on the lid seals well and there is a rubber removable seal that keeps air out .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
first one they send was wrong ,  got another package today and the right ones are there .
i would recommend purchasing this from this company .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
the batteries keep a charge for a long time ,  and recharging is easy .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
if you use a drip maker ,  this is not a concern . otherwise ,  this grinder is excellent .
this was super cheap and it looks nice .
and it s sturdy enough to use as a weapon if needed .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
i also slightly prefer a magnetic closure to the velcro used in this case .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
i got this to baste my turkey for thanksgiving .
a little heavy for a pocket but you can fit it there too if you need to .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i have only had them since september num_extend would recommend this product to anyone wanted additional storage .
this is lightweight which i like and boils water faster than any pot i own .
exit great coffee maker . some reviewers have complained that this coffee maker is hard to fill with water .
and it does look good on the counter . sometimes something special requires a something special from your end .
i forgot how good fresh popped popcorn tasted with just a little butter and salt .
it isnamgood concept and design ,  but the usb connector was a bit flay after a few months .
this was great when i first got it .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
this is very thick and also very sharp .
probably not up to par with the quality of a genuine apple product ,  but very reasonable none the less .
i put aromatherapy oils in mine all the time and boy does this ever make my home smell good .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
it is better than putting a cork back in a bottle .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
if you are looking for a good headset for a great price keep this in mind .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
i ve bought a few in different colors for gifts .
perfect for your earbuds ,  protects from wires getting angled and the earbuds pulling off the ear piece .
difficult to get it off once installed ,  but that can be a good thing .
it cleans up fairly well but takes a bit of scrubbing .
one great way to add more fat and calories to an otherwise healthy diet .
the handy hole in the handle is great for hanging on utinsil rack on the wall .
i was looking for something that won t break ,  is sturdy and energy efficient .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i was ready to move up to a burr grinder and i really like this one .
we ll see how well it holds up in six months .
i have it connected to my phone and my laptop and it works with microsoft lync .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
i eat one portion fresh and have two more portions later .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
i have to say the range is pretty good .
for this great price i thought it was worth a try .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
even though it has outdated software; it does work great and does what is expected from it .
these are great ,  and sturdy enough for even heavy jeans .
i got this to replace my original battery .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
it has a light that changes color when the battery is charged and is portable ,  with a folding plug .
i wish they made a twin size with the sides !  .
i haven t used this one ,  but it seems to have pretty good reviews .
i ve used this pan only a few times and it performed well .
surprisingly snug on the sides for the touch .
the lid is nice and does not leak .
it worked fine for just over a year .
though i have seen some poor reviews of this product i am impressed with these  inexpensive  earphones .
good enough ,  but hardly what i d call great .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
this heats up extremely hot and really holds the heat .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
the handle was cool to the touch and i was able to get a good grip on it .
the reviews on this item were good ,  and i agree .
this frother is so nice to make low calorie treats and yummy coffee beverages .
that being said ,  it was really easy to assemble and clean afterwards .
i have mine in the bathroom and it keeps the shower dry after use .
i rarely if ever use a car charger but it s nice to have one in each car .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
wished i had bought one for myself as well as a gift for a friend .
fits so well that you can t use this if you go for the extended battery cover .
they are a nice large size ,  but aren t too big .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i called the company twice and they have been very polite .
this is as good as it gets with coffee .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
i enjoy listening to my iphone while i do .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets ,  so maybe these are really worth the extra .
well worth the price  even without the free shipping availability  .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i use this cable to connect an old usb gamepad ,  which makes playing action games a lot more fun .
the range is great ,  about num_num feet unobstructed ,  less if there is a sheetrock wall .
i m partial to myshure num_extend but these were surprisingly good just as headphones at this price .
i was honestly surprised by the quality of this screen protector .
this was a gift for my hairdresser who is also quite a baker .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
i have only owned it for a week or so but have had some good usage from it already .
this product also seems to work well to reduce glare .
this product maybe cheap but amazon did good with this .
i bought this product due to all the other high reviews .
i don t have this phone charger anymore but it worked great .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
wish i had purchased it years ago .  .  .  . highly recommend .
it s a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
well ,  turns out i didn t know how much i need this until i got it .
wrote into otterbox and they are sending me a new one !  great company !  .
i do prefer a heftier blade ,  the oxo is pretty bent up ,  but it does work .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
i bought this and it worked great for a while .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
this is a tiny knife but it is so functional .
wonderful !  !  !  if mine ever breaks ,  i ll be getting another one .
i like it but its not the best !  .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
it is nice and loud even while driving with the radio on .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
they are very comfortable in the hand  especially for those with big hands like i have  .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is my first stand mixer and it exceeds my expectations .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
it works like new and i have had zero problems with it for this first year .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
i got these because the price was nice and they looked like they would be ok .
i haven t really used a lot of juicers before ,  but this is a great juicer .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
this came and i used it right away .
they flex and bend very easily when held by the sides .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
the case doesnt seem very thick or sturdy but it gets the job done .
it s quick ,  easy ,  gets greens dry ,  with a hint of moisture ,  and is easy to clean and dry .
these are cheap and do their job so well .
i had the much older model until someone borrowed it and i like this one so much better .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it is not an air conditioner ,  but for moderate temperature control ,  the fan is very nice .
the usb chord is extremely short so it works best to connect it to a computer .
the glasses are very nice and heavy though a bit big around for my female hand .
it also has a more prominent rubberized feel than the other product .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
i love this !  i use it daily to make my morning oatmeal .
i was happy to receive this product ,  since i had been considering buying one for awhile .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
not a perfect fit since it wasn t designed for this model but works well .
best coffee maker period !  does require cleaning and grinder drying ,  but all like it would .
i wanted a bag that was well made and was a good size .
wish they offered  free shipping on all orders ,  but still a great company to do business with . thank you amazon . com .
these have helped me immensely with my cast iron skillets .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
i may switch out the older ear clip . for the most part ,  the headset works well .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it works well ,  and after making one pot that was a little weak i got the hand of it .
its good for korean style short grain rice which is really sticky .
really cute case ,  but extrremely hard to take off .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i decided to try this one out since the price was right .
but it also works great for tea !  and i do really like tea .
the suction is quite powerful and leaves the carpet just a tad damp .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
just the right amount for a num_num ounce cup of tea or for instant soups .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
but i added two more ounces and the mug held these as well .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
other than this issue it is a good product .
the best part is that the battery does not need an extra back cover .
sets up easily right out of the box; turn it on and it pairs with your phone quickly .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
there are cheaper versions of the one i bought but it s worth it .
the blade has to fit just so to make it work .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
supports fast charging at num_extend and a good connection at the micro usb port .
it saved my phone from breaking many times .
and it even adds a healthy dose of bass .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it also has a more prominent rubberized feel than the other product .
it s neat being able to take a call as well .
i m hoping it will last a long time ,  as well .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
it is still usable ,  i just wish it didn t curl .
after almost four weeks it has worked perfectly with problems at all with almost daily use .
i bought this spoon after buying several of the kitchenaid utensils and having wonderful success with them .
but it is something that i will use for quite some time .
i like to make shakes and malts and it works fine .
expensive but it lasts a year with sensible use .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i never thought i could love a vacuum ,  but i love this machine .
but it s been over num_num months and so far so good .
i even got one for my wife s iphone .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
i agree with everyone else when it comes to their reviews .
no issues at all with this and it fits that phone really well .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
all in all ,  the num_extend is a very nice bluetooth headset .
i know that they are more expensive than regular storage bags ,  but they are certainly worth the extra .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
the control buttons are a bit small ,  but overall a good tool .
i can t believe this inexpensive knife is so sharp .
i dropped my phone accidently and otter box held up great .
ive only used it once  just got it last week  but so far so good .
it had a bonus because it came with a belt clip too .
works like a champ ,  although i think the design looks a little silly .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
it is better than putting a cork back in a bottle .
it is great !  i use it mostly for soups to get that rustic look and mouthfeel .
i use it with coarse ground coffee and it pours fine .
i am not a coffee snob ,  but i do like a good ,  fast cup of coffee .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
works great paint rubbed off the corners but overall not bad .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
good service would purchase again and plan to .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
great product ,  hoever it is too bulkuy and big .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
this is a better quality filter than what comes with the floormate .
i got the smallest one and it s still huge .
works like a champ ,  although i think the design looks a little silly .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the unit is well designed and i havent had any issues with it .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
i saw this reviewed and highly recommended and decided to give it a try .
love it and i do not know why i waited so long to buy one .
it is also cool it has num_num usb charger port in case you have num_num devices .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
works better or as good as the one that came with the phone .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i would recommend using a good coffee grinder ,  such ascapresso num_extend infinity burr grinder ,  black .
there are better knives out there ,  but this is a great compromise between price and quality .
i had it in a couple of days .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it s real sturdy ,  you can drop it and it won t get damaged .
if you have an iphone ,  this accessory is a must have !  .
i purchased this for my cell phone and it does what it says .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
this is the perfect size for crushing those pesky meds too large to swallow .
anyways its worth the money for those that want something simple to protect your phone .
this phone is pretty outdated by now ,  but the case was perfect for me .
i was surprised at how small this little guy is .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
it s cute ,  small and excellent for single serving portions .
it is a replacement for my original that quite working .
i have never used one ,  tried it out and it is wonderful .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
makes one or less quart of good yogurt .
now it is clean every time i go to use .
this thing works so well i have to turn the volume down .
the handle adds stability and the lid is a nice bonus ,  though i haven t used it much .
as a pure phone ,  meh . otherwise ,  it is the best thing i never bought !  .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
great for the heavy phone usages being able to have that extended time on the phone .
other than that ,  it is a great container .
i also think the finish is easier to clean than in past models .
the integrated flashlight is not especially bright but serves the intended purpose .
if it can go in the microwave and dishwasher that is great .
will buy another one if i have to .
i got a good for this from $
i got it for $ so cant complain .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i was thrilled to find these on amazon .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
turned out to be a very good purchase ,  although i questioned it before buying .
although i don t use them at the gym they work great for when i am working in the office .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
it s good ,  and i like ,  just be careful of the last bit ,  it will have some coffee grounds .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
i just got my blender and used it for the first time .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
it worked fine for just over a year .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
you can program the brewing of the coffee as well as the warmer plate .
it is the perfect size for it ! i don t really understand the complaints from some .
four months after purchasing ,  it is still performing like the day i got it !  .
it ends up being about num_extend of actual coffee to share ,  which is perfect for us .
the plastic seems to be holding rubber firmly in place while in contrast the rubber is great for gripping .
i am trying to move away from plastics in my kitchen ,  and this is good quality .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
outside of a great way of storing homemade bread ,  i love the included slice guide .
otherwise ,  i d recommend looking at one of those .
this usb charger is out of the way  other chargers stick way out  so that s really nice .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i wouldn t have normally gotten this style but now that i ve tried them ,  i like them !  .
very handy when you need a smaller whisk .
for the price this item is going for you get a nice silicone case that protects your num_extend gen .
very well made ,  actually kind of hard to get on and off .
i wasn t expecting much for the price but have been pleasantly surprised .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
it s been a few month since i bought it and it seems to hold together still .
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
meets my needs although i would have liked to have an even bigger bag .
don t expect to buy them and use them for num_num years ,  but for the price they work great !  !  .
it is sturdy and hold lots of things in my garage .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
my other broke so this is a great replacement .
they are solid ,  sturdy ,  not prone to chipping or cracking ,  and i ve been told they re forgiving when dropped .
i really love it with other foods as well .
their items are too expensive ,  but they are nice .
i hope this review is helpful in deciding if this product will be right for your needs .
nice secure fit in the ear without the over the ear num_extend
i ve used it a couple times and it seems to be holding up .
it s very easy to use but you have to remember that it doesn t come with the ready beep noise .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i d like it to be a bit more powerful ,  too ,  but it does its job .
and further better because the charge source can be either the ac plug or a usb .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
the transmitter is better than transmitters usually purchased for much more money .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
i would buy it again in the future .
great product for a great price ,  not like other cheap products .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
nice secure fit in the ear without the over the ear num_extend
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
great bluetooth product !  paired to my iphone ,  ipad ,  lenovo num_extend and android phone without any issues .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it is a useful device rather than a fun device .
i d cut it off but it s so well made that won t be easy .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
doesn t fit well with all phone covers but the product is good and would probably buy again .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
i ve had my unit for a number of years and it s worked without any problems at all .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
it does get very hot to the touch so you must be careful .
will keep using it and see how long it lasts .
i am using it with slippers and it just perfect .
worked exactly as expected ,  and it was quite easy .
it was hard to get on at first but it worked out .
they sent me a brand new pair of shears !  good product ,  and good warranty .
for the price ,  this is more than acceptable .
just got mine delivered today ,  and couldn t wait to try it out .
i have a lg esteem phone and it barely fits but it s stable and it does the job .
i think a smaller one would work well .
that s what caught my attention and made me decide to purchase it .
i found this one with many great reviews .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
it works great !  but it falls out occasionally and needs readjusting a lot .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
these spoons have a sturdy construction and useful shape .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
pros :  product is accurately described and comes with complete ,  detailed ,  and clear installation instructions .
this garbage can is great for smelly items .
i broke mine and this was an excellent replacement .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
this product was in good shape when i received it .
an aspect i like is that it is heavy .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
yes !  it takes some work to handle because it is so powerful .
little pieces on side of screen werent covered but overall good product .
i prefer sharpening knives on a  steel  rather than abrasive sharpeners and this one seems to work well .
the bonus was that i could hear him loud and clear as well .
they re also cheaper and well worth the money .
it is easy to use and doesn t peel off easy once installed .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
seems that maybe it could be a little warmer but it still gets the job done .
admittedly the pump isn t super powerful ,  but for less than $ it does a great job .
we have not used it much ,  but so far so good .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
it was delicious ! i used to think it was a pain to clean and wanted removable bowls .
i gave this as a gift to my cousin .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
it is quiet in operation and heats up quickly .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
it s a nifty little tool and it s affordable .
i don t use these very frequently ,  but they do come in handy with purees .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
that headset was put back in the box immediately . this headset ?  it s amazing .
but it also works great for tea !  and i do really like tea .
i found this one with many great reviews .
i will update this review again in a month or so you will know if it still works .
i just use the one usb port and it works great .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
it is not as fast as the original and sometimes stops charging at % but it works well .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
this is a steal for under $ at amazon . com with free shipping .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it involves hitting the one button a certain number of times ,  etc .  . otherwise the ear piece is nice and small .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
in my opinion ,  it beats steaming the milk .
i also read some good reviews on it .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
helps keep the cable organized when the full length is not needed .
one of the selling points of this headset is its ability to pair with two phones .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
i gave a try online and i found this .
and the price is allot better than the name brand one .
great gadget to have especially for car stereos that doesnt have a port for an auxiliary cable .
it takes batteries and they last quite a long time .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
the bass quality in them is actually pretty surprising .
works just as well if not better than the one supplied by samsung .
however; i will still put this set to good use .
looks purple not pink but its still cute .
am a strong believer in pressure cookers and have used them for many years .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
got a couple of these as stocking stuffers for the kids .
way better than the built in tamper in the espresso machine .
it almost looks like a toy ,  it is so cute .
you can also switch between the headset and the phone easily .
i stumbled across this on amazon and decided to give it a try .
these show a lot of fingerprints !  fits perfectly on phone .
i would buy again ,  make a good spare cord .
exit great coffee maker . some reviewers have complained that this coffee maker is hard to fill with water .
it is easy to use ,  and doesn t let large grounds get into the coffee .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
so ,  i wasn t thrilled with this as a countertop product but very happy with it s performance on stainless steel .
i couldn t afford a new one and found this rebuilt one here at amazon .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
while the carafe is very good at keeping the coffee very hot it is a tad cumbersome .
just got this today and already cleaned it and brewed my first cup .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
cup of wonderful coffee and that is just right for me .
it comes with different types of earplugs to suit your needs .
it worked fine for just over a year .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
maybe this helps keeps it from breaking ?  i m not sure ,  but i m very pleased with it !  .
it is retractable so the cord does not get tangled ,  it is nice .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
when the price dropped recently ,  i bought one ,  and it has lived up to the magazine s reviews .
i haven t needed the mini usb adapter ,  but it was a good idea to include it .
much better than i d expected for the price .
its able to not only keep up but also charge it while playing the notorious battery draining game .
i got this belt to replace the one i melted   !   .
the touch surface seems to be plastic ,  rather than glass ,  so i d recommend a quality protector .
when the case arrived i was pleasantly surprised by its solid structure .
i wouldn t say it exactly looks good though .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
the good thing also is that it doesn t bubble my screen protector .
however ,  if you have a lot of material in there ,  what a great way to deal with it .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i wasn t to sure how effective this timer would work ,  but it has a cool look .
this forces water through it and so far ,  it s done a good job for me .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
it s take a fall twice and held up great .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i am a person that is not necessarily the gadget geek ,  but i do love new toys .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
hi ! i got this for my samsung infuse with the extended battery and cover for when i ll be out awhile .
they don t recommend this but it works just fine .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
after being disappointed with  chunky handle  peelers ,  this was a pleasant surprise .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
buy the recommended lube and you will be num_extend
blows out powerful cool air for such a small fan .
no battery lasts forever and this has held up as well as the oem .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i own them in a variety of sizes .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
this was super cheap and it looks nice .
they seem steady enough to hold any regular style pants or jeans .
take a chance on this one and you ll enjoy mashing potatoes ,  too !  .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i can t give these a very thorough review .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
the num_extend is a great example of this .
i have had mine now for a couple of months and it has gotten a great deal of use .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
always bring a backup cable with you because you can t always count on the cord .
and it was brand new fresh off from the package it come in !  .
great coffee maker at half the price i paid for the last piece of junk .
i was able to get away with charging it once a month .
i bought this to make and keep sun tea in .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
it s a nice cool natural feeling breeze and not a blast of air hitting you .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
if you are in need of a stylus ,  this is a good option .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
but i do think it is better designed than most .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
and it was delivered in six calendar days .
the plastic seems to be holding rubber firmly in place while in contrast the rubber is great for gripping .
if you re not too particular about your coffee ,  it s a fine option .
i got it free with another product i bought .
very good to have when the old blade starts to give out on you .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i have only used it one time ,  but i was extremely happy that i had it .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
now i will have to order the right size !  .
although the design isn t my favorite the quality of the product is what matters most .
i got this from my brother after getting one for myself .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the music sounds good ,  not great  you need a line in for better quality  .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i bought it however because i needed one and got it in the mail today .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
but my iphone does take some amazing shots without those settings .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
they are a nice large size ,  but aren t too big .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
you can feel it has an etched feeling .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
but for the price at which i bought it $ it was worth it .
most portable speaker sets are rather expensive . this amplifies more than i was expecting ,  and is nice and small .
this one works just like the original did back when it was new .
allows you to charge items in two usb plugs .
no big deal ,  china makes wonderful products now ,  unlike in the past .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the back support really distributes the weight well across the entire back rather than concentrate at any one spot .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i think my grown up daughter  really only num_extend will find the kid in her and have fun too !  .
the brushes snap out and the bottom is easy to wipe clean .
i bought num_num more for my sisters ,  i love my new toy .  .  . oops tool ;   .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
i love not having to worry about my phone .
i replaced the battery with this and it worked perfectly .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
i have not used it much but was happy with it when i did .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i am glad that i was able to replace the gasket with its original brand .
this is my second purchase ,  hopefully as good as the first .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
they are a good substitute for the high end glasses .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
they give you a cleaning cloth with it .
the plastic container is also nice ,  as it is not breakable and it is easy to clean .
though smaller than the bowl that comes with the mixer ,  it is fine for many mixing jobs .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
really good quality ,  especially considering how cheap it is .
the quality of the product is second to none .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i highly recommend ! update :  after num_num months the cord i used every night to charge my phone quit working .
but it is not too loud and very effective !  .
i got this last week ,  ordered with amazon prime .
for us ,  the best things about this product are as num_extend
the extra $ were well spent for me .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
this is very handy ,  since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i got this for my num_num year old mother .
these are a good bargain for the amount you get .
better than the one that came with my phone .
it s not a perfect set ,  but it s a good deal for $
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
it has not given me any problems ,  and is really pretty easy to clean as well .
i needed a lid that fit my skillet and this worked .
it comes with a good variety of spices .
i also like the handle ,  making it alot easier to hold and handle .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
glad i found these at a reasonable price .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
i got a new stove and wanted a new tea kettle .
it also feels smooth on the finger ,  and isn t overly reflective like some other brands .
definitely prefer it over some phone s keyboards i ve had before .
i actually stumbled upon this grinder at a thrift store .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
really it s a great product i m excited to use .
if i d paid a lot for the protector ,  i d expect more ,  but at this price ,  i m really happy .
i was honestly surprised by the sound quality of the speaker .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
used it couple of times and might get warpped . but overall a good product .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i like the sizeand really like the little white ones .
we liked them enough to buy a second set of glasses .
i purchased motorola num_extend while i was using motorola razor and it was working perfectly .
they are covered in a nice smooth plastic type covering so it shouldn t rust .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
it s amazing that the kit didn t cost a lot more .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
given the price ,  i would recommend this item to a friend .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
red color is a little brighter than pictured but still nice .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
i call it  the mighty mouse charger  because it is small ,  very portable but it is powerful at num_extend
they re not the best ,  but definitely a great deal .
i have found that i do use all num_extend
they don t really protect your phone very much either but they are pretty and sparkly ,  exactly what i wanted .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
it just makes sense ,  and this adapter makes it possible easily .
it arrived ahead of schedule num_num weeks ahead .  .  . this case is very nice .
i tested it out with a few other handsets and an num_extend player ,  and it gripped everything well .
i purchased this set roughly four years ago ,  possibly longer ,  and it still looks relatively new .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
i no longer use the droid bionic ,  but when i did i loved this item .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
even if you are not a daily zester ,  this is a good purchase to have around .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
thought it would be a hassle to deal with but i love this pan .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
therefore i bought this and it works much better .
plastic that covering the screen very easy to scratch .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
seems to stick a little bit when i scoop my cookies but it does feel pretty well made .
i ve only used this pan a few times and it works well .
it is very sharp and the chances of nipping a finger are really low .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the sound isn t high quality ,  but they are great for the price .
although i find the price a little steep but i m happy with this purchase .
i ve had the num_extend for a little over a week now and i ve been very pleased with it .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
i wanted a bag that was well made and was a good size .
great product !  i ve had it for almost three years ,  and have had no problems with moderate use .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
it really is cute but it dont recommend for a long time use .
first use made a great tasting cup of coffee .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
it keeps it from getting tangled ,  and it makes it easy to take the headset along .
they did get right back to me and did get the correct one out right away .
this screen protector works really well with a case that doesn t have a built in protector .
the next day i used it again and got much more .
they help to keep the bottoms of cookies from getting too done .
i love my dualit ! our old toaster died one sunday morning so monday i started searching for a new one .
it is pretty small but moves a lot of air .
the scale is a  bit of fancy  that some might find useful .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this is a quality car charger for the iphone num_extend
i took off the stock screen protector and that has improved the sensitivity quite a bit .
you really can t beat the price of this coffee maker .
so much better than the small one that broke .
i got it free with another product i bought .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i paid just under $ and at that price it is a very good value .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
the tv connection gives an added ability to view your photos on your tv screen .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
it works mostly good ,  and it is num_extend than the num_extend that i own .
very highly recommended !  i ll update my review if i notice any problems that arise .
i got this to replace my last oster blender .
and best of all ,  it s only about $ for the whole package .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
remarkable the difference in taste ! so ,  on to the decanter .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
i am not a juicing fanatic ,  just enjoy homemade lemonade and margaritas .
its huge handle makes it easy to turn ,  the edges don t hurt your hands when you are opening it .
pretty cool stuff ,  although i don t see myself using it all that much .
the only thing that i had to do was trim it a little bit but everything turned out great .
more tiny screwdrivers than i ll ever use but are of good quality for what i needed .
it does amplify the sound a bit so you can hear it .
a good bronze color and is a heavy metal .
it s quite nice to not have to fumble around with the buttons .
i think i will reduce the amount of grinds a bit the next time i try this . enjoy !  .
far more features than you would expect at this price .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
it is high quality and nice to charge ipads ,  iphones ,  or any other brand cell phone in your car !  .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
but this one i can see lasting for a decade .
my battery used to always die on me so upgrading to the extended battery was great .
i did not know if i would even like fresh pasta but i must say it was wonderful .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
so i found it here on amazon and gladly paid the asking price to buy another .
i had one ,  liked it so i bought another one .
i ve used this almost daily for num_num months now and it works great .
still experimenting with the chemex and their filters .  .  .  .  . but is a nice coffee maker for the money .  .  .  . could recommend .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
much better than the nails i used before .
just what i needed to make artisan bread .
it s good ,  i have no complaints . they aren t spectacularly comfortable .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
this is cheap but looks so sleek and form factor of the build is good .
i paid $ for it and think that that is a fair price .
this product is not a heavy item ,  but it works very well .
i have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets ,  so maybe these are really worth the extra .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
it takes away the sharp picture quality but you get used to it .
the quality is a little low ,  but so far so good .
my daughter loves to comb and brush in her hair .
this was a positive experience although i still feel like a traitor to frugality for buying it .
i received a new and original charger as advertised .
i purchased this set for my son s christmas gift .
the powergen num_extend is a good quality charger .
i wanted something with a different look in a solid ,  easy bundt pan .
this one is a greater value than the one i bought the first time .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i have well water which is not the best ,  these filters do the job .
obviously it is best for pizza ,  but i have numerous other foods .
got this to replace my worn out model .
it competes in a market that includes a lot of products .
a good buy for num_extend and num_extend owners .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
they are the same machine but the num_num also offers colors .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this has given me a new lease on life; and ,  already ,  my skin tone has improved .
it sure saves your screen from getting all scratched and dirty .
it does its job and helps when my battery runs out !  .
works like it should could be a bit more better but its worth the money .
i will write another review after i use the attachments . quality !  !  .
these should work well on a bicycle or outside in num_extend
the num_extend is a great example of this .
the price is a little much but i guess it s worth it .
great when you re battery is low and you need a boost .
i got a replacement shipped to me and it works well .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
got it at the suggestion of a reviewer .
it is a really good case and very thin .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
pressing the dial in also has function as well .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
although i didn t like my callpod dragon bluetooth headset ,  i love this callpod charger .
these headsets are perfect for any smart phone using a num_extend
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
this is best coffee maker that i have or had but not the highest price that i paid .
the blue is a little darker then the picture but it s a nice blue color .
much better than those heavy thick plates that chip easily .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it works great but the original did not last even a year before needing to be replaced .
these canisters are very good quality stainless steel .
i had purchased some other ones that were not compatible and this one does the job .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
great when you want a spoon .  .  .  . i m more of a spatula guy .
i didn t expect much for the price ,  but this vacuum cleaner is excellent .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
incredible value compared to other more expensive choices !  .
i also have another spare battery with that same model number and that works great too .
i d recommend this product ,  especially with the perk of a lifetime warranty .
the quality is better with this one compared to the multi colored pieces i had purchased .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
will definitely buy another one when the current one gets old and no longer does its job .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i carefully read and followed the instruction manual and recipe .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
it s so much better than my old one .
bought this as a gift for my young niece .
it has no bells and whistles ,  but if you can do without them ,  i would highly recommend this product .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
i have small ears so this headset fit me perfectly .
the rubber material gives you a great grip with will prevent it being dropped .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
well worth the money spent ,  but be prepared to wait for shipping if it s coming from another country .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i bought this as a birthday present for my sister and it was just delivered .
i liked the versatility with a flashlight ,  laser pointer ,  and an external battery .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
i got this headset to use primarily for walking and moderate workouts .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i liked the knife so much that i bought another .
i liked having this vacuum as an everyday pick up .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
certainly helps with not freaking the dogs out .
i like it but its not the best !  .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
warm this up with hot water before making your coffee and it will stay hot for a while .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
works nice for cocktails or just a small water glass .
my husband does not like it and said it looks cheap but it does the job pretty good .
it s not exactly the same color as the picture but still a good case nonetheless .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
sure ,  this may be for pastry use ,  but i find it to be quite good for everyday use .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
work great and i needed a car phone charger .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
my daughter got this as a gift for her phone a few years ago .
i immediately ordered a bowl with a handle from amazon and it is wonderful .
the integrated flashlight is not especially bright but serves the intended purpose .
here is what i found upon receiving it .
bought a bunch since they only last a couple years but they work well when i need them .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
this is better flavor and easier to use without any propane or charcoal .
the shape of the bowls work much better for me than pyrex .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
if your original cord gets damaged this is a good alternative to buying the more expensive apple cables .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
this cord is shorter than the original cord that came with the phone ,  but it still does the job .
i like this case but dont love it .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
make sure you get a nice screen protector too .
these silicone baking mats are awesome for baking .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
its a little thin but i like the texture and pattern of it .
every once in awhile ,  i ll use a clorox wipe ,  and give it a really good wiping all over .
either this is the real deal or a very good knockoff .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
but for my uses ,  this grinder is perfect . i gave it num_num stars because cleaning is kind of a pain .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
the charger is useful because i can charge the battery and the phone at the same time .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
as soon as i took it out of the box it was love at first sight .
it originally fit my evo num_extend and it also fits the razr maxx  a bit snug  .
the metal loses it s sheen ,  but still looks decent .
the price of this phone is hard to beat .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
i got it in a deal for $
it does brew good enough coffee compares to starbucks  for us .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
its very powerful ,  but filter needs cleaned very often .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
i like the phone and the holster is great for me .
it s perfect !  i had always found cooking rice to be very tricky .
i have gotten a couple of these as oem versions for pretty cheap ,  and i really like this product .
this little container is perfect for packing up smaller portions of food .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
i ve been using this for a couple of months and it works just fine .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
the stickers that come with it can be used to keep it in and smooth on top .
at first it takes some time to get used to it ,  but it s worth it .
after a couple of strokes on the fine sharpener the edge was restored to a faily good edge .
this is the best !  i am a little peculiar about drinking water .
great for charging the phone and extra battery at the same time .
i dislike paper filters so i got this one for my new coffee maker .
it is a little large but for what i needed it for it works great .
i was afraid it was a gizmo that wasn t going to be useful ,  but it is really useful .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
plugging it in in the correct direction immediately solves that problem .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
great alternative versus buying one in store for over $
nice big size ,  suitable for smaller or larger pans .
instead of grounds in the coffee i got just a smooth cup of coffee .
also it s fun to plug a mouse into it and control your phone with a mouse .
however ,  its been a few months now and the screen has held up well with a couple of accidents .
it turned it in to a fine powder .
you can say  answer  or  ignore  with incoming calls . the best bt headset i ve ever had .
this protective case is made of a very flexible clear plastic material .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
and i would recommend the num_num qrt than the num_num qrt .
works well with half or less container filled .
it has a lock so you can keep the pump portion down for storing ,  which is a nice feature .
i thought it would be unbearable ,  hanging out your ear like it does ,  but it does pretty well .
i have removed and replaced the black one i use and still fits perfectly .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
very well made and a great little size .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
i love this product and i use it often .
works well with older laptop and a newer pc .
this is still working several months after i bought it .
it s not as good as other charging units i ve owned but it is pretty good .
the alarm on my oven is very quiet .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
also ,  although it is small it will hold quite a few veggies .
amazingly ,  it too is made in china what a surprise  .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
clearly it works best for those who use ordinary beans and don t need to switch beans or grinds often .
but when i got it ,  it was $ and that made it well worth it to me .
this screen protector does the job and it can really resist scratch .
i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  so i don t know about durability ,  but so far so good .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
the replacement back cover fits nicely ,  despite what some people reported .
use it a couple of times a week .
very handy !  i need to get myself some smaller sized ones .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
it does get dirty rather easily as it is white ,  but is a great case .
my husband uses this ,  and he seems to like it .
this set was a little expensive for us ,  but well worth the investment .
if you use a mandoline to slice vegetables and such ,  this is a must .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
it doesn t do a whole lot ,  but what it does ,  it does well .
that s a good item to get and hold the phone in the car .
pretty satisfied now i don t have to run awkwardly with my phone in my pocket .
the way it feels in my hands is different .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
i didn t like them at first ,  but upon realization ,  i liked them even better .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
it is a nice heavy weight but not overly heavy .
the result of using finely ground beans is a gritty ,  extremely strong coffee .
besides ,  replacing a battery is a lot of hassle . i liked the shape and how it fits in my hand .
my sister has one and it works great .
it does a good job of making sure the lettuce isn t soaked if you spin it enough .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
what a great price for this little gadget .
i have a larger whisk that also works well but just doesn t fit the hand as well .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
i bought two of these the first time .
i also like that the case doesn t get stuck in my pocket like other phone cases .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
although it doesn t come with instructions ,  it was very easy to put together .
this is great for connecting external storage to your phone .
i have to use the smallest earpieces provided ,  but it stays on pretty well .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i have used this to modify my galaxy num_extend and it was very easy .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
i am very happy with my hoover steamvac .
i have had them for some time now and use them often .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
it is challenging to put on this case with a screen protector on but it can be done .
i have seen others complain that this doesn t froth enough for them but it works well for me .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
it wouls be nice to see one made of stainless steel rather than aluminum .
i wanted a healthier snack and this popper is a great help .
a great product even though made in china .
someday i ll upgrade to a microwave with a turntable but in the meantime ,  this is a great product .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
then i just put it into the dishwasher and it cleans up easily .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
i have to overstretch it and every time wonder if it will break ,  but so far ,  so good .
got a device to test voltage and amperage from chargers .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
can t swear it s leather ,  but it s a nicely textured product inside and out .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
the parts are easy to assemble and clean .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
purchased this one to go with the larger i already had .
not so on phone keyboard ,  but good for tablet .
so i thought of this as a good option .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
i knew both of these things before i bought it ,  but it was still a bit of a surprise .
i ve only owned it for a few days now but so far so good .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i also like the size of the cutting board .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
i was extremely happy and i can t wait to get a new one !  !  !  !  .
i ve bought multiple of these in the past few years .
this also has a remote which is a very nice feature .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
now my great review is not so amazing .
other than that its a very good case  :   .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
now i use it at least once a week .
i highly recommend this battery as a replacement to your oem battery for note num_extend
it s sturdy and feels like it can take some serious usage .
good color ,  hard to put on and take off but protects phone from damage .
i ve had good like with this and many other kitchen aid appliances .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
it is nicely rubberized ,  which gives it a nice grip and feel in your hand .
it is a useful device rather than a fun device .
i recently got serious about weight loss and took the advice to get a food scale .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
i ve had it for about a month and fresh oj every day .
it does pause the music while you are on a call ,  so that s pretty nice .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
i would buy it again at this price .
i bought this because i needed a new knife ,  and it was recommended by cook s illustrated .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i was surprised that it is so substantial .
appearance is classy but the belt clip is insanely tight .
but now i ve been using the kuhn rikon for months ,  and it s still spotless without a single wash .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i have big hands and so the extra bulk is actually easier for me to hold .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
the cleaning cloth helped remove the smudges nicely .
i would give this five stars !  good price and good protection .
you get what you pay for ,  served me well .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
it s a really tight fit to get it in ,  but it does work .
this was for my son s phone and works great .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
the coffee tastes good no matter how much is made .
love amazon ,  i am doing more and more shopping here !  .
i bought this for making bbq beans while the meat was cooking ,  great addition .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
over all it s pretty good but i might try another unit next time .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
we have had this coffee maker for over num_num years ,  and it has been a very reliable machine .
i just hope i am able to find as good a replacement !  .
lite soap and water is good and i dry it asap .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
well ,  i got one too for christmas a couple of years ago ,  and this little baby is great .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i have seen others complain that this doesn t froth enough for them but it works well for me .
a few of the reviewers complained that it was flimsy but it went on easily and does the job .
the brush is good for loosening dirt from carpet fibers or for loosening gunk from hard floors .
i ve also dropped my phone a couple times and the bumper did its job .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
this app allows different features for the handset .
it s a great phone with verizon ,  except for the battery life .
a must have if you want to keep your phone close ,  safe ,  and easily accessible .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
super sharp ,  so make sure you don t get in a hurry .
i wasn t too sold on it until i found the ultimate use for it .
the rubber is also removable making cleaning up any spills a breeze .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
works well with no fan and does not get too hot .
the first set of toasted bread is toasted as well as the last .
perfect for your earbuds ,  protects from wires getting angled and the earbuds pulling off the ear piece .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
camera takes incredible pictures in bright light but is brutal in low light situations .
i have never made waffles of any kind before and this iron made it them perfectly .
great for charging ,  but when you hook up external speakers ,  the volume comes through lound and clear .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
the biggest gain is the protection of the camera lens .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
easy to put together with a few screws  enclosed  .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
this keeps my phone charged so much longer then my old battery .
they make them very airy and also a little malted flavor .
this is the best thing i ve bought in a long time .
my dad got this for me num_num years ago .
the lid helps retain the temperature of the contents .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
having coffee that does not taste burned ,  stale ,  or bitter waiting is a good thing .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
the leather on here probably isn t real ,  but it feels really nice .
much better than my old honeywell that need a new heap filter quarterly .  .  .  .  .  . i love this product .
worth paying the extra money over cheaper products that may last a month or two .
would i get it again ?  yes ,  it has been a worthwhile purchase .
the incredible has every google application available for it ,  from gmail to google translate and google voice .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
so this is a good ,  no so quick charger .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
personally i would love to see this machine with a glass pot .
it s amazing to see all that dirt flow up and know it had been in the carpet .
its good but not great considering what else is available at this price point .
i always find myself pushing the ear buds in .
i like its size ,  fits on my pants  pocket .
noise level of fan blower is very quiet at the medium and low range .
this is good ,  since it measns carrying only one charger .
i am giving it num_num stars because for the price and comfort ,  it works quite well .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
i ve owned this for close to a year and it looks like new .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i drink a lot more water because of this .
i know that they are more expensive than regular storage bags ,  but they are certainly worth the extra .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i have mine set on fine grind ,  but it is adjustable .
got these for my cat to eat from .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
it has to be seated just right to work properly .
the butterscotch ,  especially ,  puts these over the top .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
i was surprised that it actually looked better and is smaller than i expected .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
the cut portion of the potato will brown and crisp .
at this price they are a bargain compared to best buy or verizon stores .
the call quality is truly second to none .
they are also critical for charging your device .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
much better than my old ones of another maker that did bend .
i got this machine in the mail last week .
children love to use this and it is certainly safer than a knife for young ones .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i believe because of the thickness ,  it was hard to get all the bubbles out ,  but worth the effort .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
once connected ,  which took about num_num minutes ,  it has stayed connected and sounds good .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
i am pretty sure that isn t good to ingest cheap ,  but works nicely for what i want .
num_extend num_extend tagged youtube videos work well with this num_extend
it is a bit pricey for a replacement but it s better than buying a new press .
the handle is a nice contrasting brushed finish .
charging over usb  for both of these units  is a really nice feature that many other chargers are missing .
the deep side pocket is great for storing the other attachments .
my daughter loves them but has not used them yet .
i am no audiophile so i can only tell you it sounds awesome and i love it .
i got this to replace my old one .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
nice to have these in a set to save some money .
also good for reheating soups or stews in a bowl rather than reheating to much .
it fits well for me but my wife had difficulties fitting it .
they last good and do fit in the epic num_extend
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i love that there s only one actually button .
i have otterbox on several products . thank you amazon !  .
had this for as long as i owned my iphone num_extend  and still going strong  .
i m normally the sweetened creamer guy but this stuff ,  though strong ,  is so good you can drink without sweetener .
over all it s pretty good but i might try another unit next time .
first of i cant really complain about the price !  its practically a steal !  it looks good ,  feels good .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
overall the product is worth the money i paid .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
it was inexpensive and gets the job done .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
great product ,  i was expecting the large one to be slightly larger .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i first thought $ for a spoon ?  ?  !  !  but ordered it anyway because it looked good and sturdy .
after using this battery for one month i cant begin to describe how great this battery is .
i hope they will last a little longer .
this is one of those products that will last the years .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
right price ,  you have to be patient and buy these in advance since they come from china .
they only last about a year ,  but they re a terrific value at the price .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
had difficult installing but it s a great product .
you definitely won t need to buy another phone case ever !  !  !  .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i wanted a good unit with good reliability .
the extra bowl also helps if i m in a hurry and don t want to totally chill the mix .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
this one works replaces a different brand ,  but same style .
this is very thick and also very sharp .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
just a nice ,  simple purchase to cheaply and effectively protect a phone .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
i also store it in its original box .
it s also comfortable when worn even for extended periods .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i wish i had found it years ago .
it was a good price on a speck product .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
it looks flimsy ,  but is actually quite durable .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
so maybe this isn t the best machine for espresso but it is a great french press or drip grinder .
it s almost entirely metal construction with extra features that set it apart .
the voice quality is good; but not really exceptional .
it fits on nice and comes off with a bit of trouble  trying not to break it  .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
the microphone does pick up sound perfectly . cons :  feel a little pinched above ears after wearing it for a while .
i got this for my droid incredible cell phone .
cast iron isn t the easiest to care for ,  but it sure is durable .
i recommed this with num_num stars !  it s great !  !  .
this is fine as i prefer a slightly stronger brew .
for the price i m satisfied and do not mind it so much .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
i usually have my phone in a pant or coat pocket ,  so its slim form factor is appealing .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i decided to go with a samsung product . outstanding .
i was impressed with the sale price ,  so i bought this on a whim .
a little super glue works to solve the problem .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
i wish it came in colors other than black but it does the job i bought it for .
i also own the num_num inch skillet which is great .
i got this to replace my last oster blender .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this case keeps my phone safe from every day wear and tear .
we had to fold it up to make it look nice .
it is pretty thick so it protects the phone .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i have small hands and really love these gloves .
it is best for when i am gone on a trip .
overall ,  i think this was a good purchase .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
the low price makes this a great value .
it works fine ,  and its easy to clean off ,  keeps the screen from scratches .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i plugged it in and the lights came on and everything powered up perfectly .
so i bought this after seeing the motorola brand .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the pan is fairly lightweight and the handle does not get too hot .
plus it is a lot for the price .
it works as i hoped for and installing was rather easy .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it gives you the freedom to move around .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
it seems to help make them more uniform in shape and profile .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it s kinda a pain to clean ,  but it s worth it .
i bought this item a little over two years ago on sale .
i have had it for num_num years and until the other day it has worked fantastic .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  so i don t know about durability ,  but so far so good .
i have the motorola atrix num_extend and it works great for my spare battery .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
there great to protect your phone ,  ipods ,  or num_extend players .
that is one of the reasons i bought it .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
this was great when i first got it .
this product is as simple as it is inexpensive .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
this fan is a bit noisy ,  but otherwise durable .
we used the griddle for pancakes and it works great .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
i have yet to use it but it seems to be a nice item .
it works great but the original did not last even a year before needing to be replaced .
i am very happy with this skin !  the argile doesn t show up very well .  .  . but that was great for me .
i purchased a new unit ,  brought it home ,  and opened the box .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i agree with what some others have said .
hope they can get the next size up .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
can t beat the price !  an extra battery for the power hungry num_extend is a must .
that s what caught my attention and made me decide to purchase it .
i like it ,  though it may be long and large for some people .
it makes toast that s browned nicely on both sides .
you see i ordered lots of filters as well .
nice to have in the car in case we need to charge our iphones .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
also has a handy additional port for another usb cable to charge an additional device .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
i dropped my phone accidently and otter box held up great .
great little oven for when you don t really need to fire up the full size oven .
haven t tested myself ,  but he says it produces tasty coffee .
i used to have the braun version of this grinder ,  and just received this one as a gift .
i can plug in and read my thumb drives . i have also been able to use my mouse  . a bonus .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i use a bold num_num holster  see my other review  and it fits fine .
it took a while to arrive ,  but it s worth the wait .
i really like these screen protectors !  its like i have nothing on my screen !  perfect size .
i was impressed with how small this is compared to others on the market .
i purchased a new unit ,  brought it home ,  and opened the box .
overall these headphones are packed with features and style for a very low price and well worth it .
i have had the same electric knife for num_num years and i loved it .
i just keep my phone hooked up to it and keep it charged .
i took off one star for no volume rockers ,  everything else is good .
it works good and all but i wish the cord was just a little bit longer .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
i dont own that phone anymore but it works well with my iphone .
i got this battery as a back up ,  especially when i m we re out .
this rack is very handy because you can stack them ,  saving tons of counter space .
i have owned the vitamix super num_num since num_extend and i love it .
not expecting much from the charger ,  i m pleasantly surprised with its quality and function .
the case is huge but you can see that from the images .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
make sure to check the size of your filter so that you get the right size .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
i ve used both several times already and they both work great .
in my opinion ,  if you can obtain this one for less than $ it s absolutely worth it .
i would have liked the cord to be a little longer ,  but it works .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i love making banana nut bread in these loaf pan .
there s ample room on the bottom opening for the charger as well .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
very convenient to get at the cracks in old wood flooring !  .
if you are looking for a nice ,  high quality set that doesn t break your pocketbook ,  this is it !  .
but its still better than my original battery .
now after a year of looking all over for some amazon  . com  has them back in stock again .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
it is easy to handle while sharpening a knife .
this knife is amazingly sharp although you do have to take care of it to maintain the edge .
the tip is smaller than some others i ve seen which is also a plus .
much better than the old num_num sided ones .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
a month after receiving it i found the original that i lost a year ago .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
i have a nice small blister from a surprise touch .
good price ,  good service !  recommend ! only downside is must remove phone protective case to insert into charger .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
you can cook a lot in this pot .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i am so happy with my stainless steel . keeping the pans like new requires care .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
i have a num_num car that does not have connectivity but it has a great bose stereo .
plus it is a lot for the price .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the canister is on the small side ,  but it does the job .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i liked the unit so much i ordered a second one .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
great cutting board that is absolutely huge and great for cutting and prepping ingredients .
was a gift for my daughter so she doesn t have to borrower mine each time .
the paring knife is essential for fine work in the kitchen .
we have have used it about once a week since we got it .
the num_extend external battery is very powerful at num_extend and can keep giving a charge for a long time .
other then that it s a good cable for otg .
verizon wanted almost $ dollars for this battery i got it for under $ and it is new .
tells you battery level when you turn it on .
made for the iphone num_num  not num_extend but it works on my num_extend just fine .
good deal for the price i payed for it .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i bought this for my granddaughter and she is quite pleased with it .
good thing that the unit is still working .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
it is better than the plastic one i have been using for a few years .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
my other broke so this is a great replacement .
i got this  contact grill  years ago and it is my panini maker .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
i had an older one of these ,  still works .
having more the one usb charging cord is a must with the atrix .
great product i have ordered few because i keep break mine or just losing them all together .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i put this together in less than num_num minutes !  high quality .
i have to say they are much better than the num_extend
i can t begin to describe how comfortable is sits in your ear and stays in place .
unlike my past ,  more expensive bluetooth headsets ,  this one has clear reception and good range .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
granted ,  this has limited use ,  but when you need it for small quantities ,  it s perfect .
not easy to get started ,  but great once you get it going .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
steaks and fish come out with nice seared marks and the steaks are juicy .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
you need an adaptor with a mic that allows for quality headphones to listen to music .
a little polish keeps it bright and shiny .
this is a nice tripod ,  for the price ratio .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i have only cut a few things up but the blade has kept its sharpness so far .
a much better product then the one that came with my phone .
this is a great deal on clearance ,  half the price of what i saw recently at macy s .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
i even polished the nails red to give it a little piazza .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
all of this worked just right for me and i was up and running in a flash .
i bought these to go on a teapot that has since broken ,  but it worked well .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
it takes some time to charge but it does the job .
grab one if you ever see it for sale .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
it s rich and full of flavor without being bitter .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
the pellets sure are handy ,  though . the manufacturer gives you enough  more than a pound  to do the job .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
very inexpensive and takes up very little room in your car .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
the surface is great for cutting ,  although it dulls knives quickly .
this dock has saved me from buying at least one extra charger .
it works well ,  and i don t worry about it regarding heat and stains .
it actually fits pretty good ,  the headphone jack plug that seals it does not fit very well .
that said ,  wonderful coffee pot ,  even with relatively inexpensive ground coffee from the supermarket .
the design is good ,  and the adapter goes sideways when plugged into an outlet .
battery charges with full battery lasts me a full day .
i never fully realized how much i could enjoy different juices until i got this .
just what i needed on my new stove .
i was looking for a thermometer with a higher temp reading but these will be nice also for misc .
it works great !  i have a cell phone ,  no land line .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
at $ on amazon it s a great deal compared to the list price of $
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
it is strong and heavy and i can t imagine having to buy another for as long as i m around .
but for me it was a low cost charger and works perfect with my samsung num_extend
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
if you haven t tried one ,  it s worth the small amount of money to experiment .
be cautious though ,  those blades are actually very sharp on the bottom side .
this item is actually bigger than i expected .
if you own that knife ,  and you need this size for a specific application ,  this knife is great .
it s also quite loud ,  and very useful as a timer as well .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
i like it but its not the best !  .
these glasses are heavy with a solid base .
it s very cute ,  but it didn t last but a few months .
this charger is good enough to charge an iphone num_num about num_num times .
it s a good buy and cheap too !  well ,  cheaper than retail anyway .
it had a lightweight base and tipped if you pulled too hard ,  but the ratcheting mechanism worked well .
some are older models and some are brand new .
i don t know what people are expecting as far as sturdiness but these are nicely made and plenty sturdy .
the quality of the sound was much better than i expected for the price .
then if i turned it up a notch ,  it shrieked . this new dect num_extend gives wonderful sound quality .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i bought this well over two years ago for my girlfriend .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
don t know ,  it never stays around that long . seriously ,  these little bags do a good job .
i ve only owned it for a few days now but so far so good .
i like it but its not the best !  .
the real color was darker than the picture but is cute too .
i find that to be the same for me .
it s not very pretty but it is functional .
but i liked it . all in all it was good .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
add a little sour cream and enjoy ! makes great smoothies !  .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
i bought one for my room and one for my son who has cats .  .  . he loves it as well .
i had a protective cover on the phone which made it even bigger .
it d be an understatement to say i m pleased .
this is true ,  but it s also what helps to avoid bitterness and give the coffee a cleaner finish .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
i especially like that i have a replacement tip just in case the other one wears out ,  nice feature .
i got this knife as a gift and had my doubts that this could be so great .
i wasn t expecting much for the price but have been pleasantly surprised .
seasoned salt added to the final finished product will give some flavor .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i ve had these for probably num_num  maybe more years  ,  very little sign of wear ,  still works perfectly .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
it works fairly well except that when going over anything but smooth terrain ,  it wobbles a bit .
i like the short handle because my hands are small and it allows me to have better control .
it is larger in person than it looks in photos .
i got it in this purchase !  !  i couldn t wait to try this mixer .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i just got these headphones today and i have to say that i was expecting more .
they fit well ,  but stand off the ears a full inch .
it is very sturdy ,  not shoddy at all and throws off great heat .
recommend this to everyone !  i would give it num_num stars if i could .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
buy one of these and do your own .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
i make a different flavor each day . i have read the reviews on this product .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
my body constantly aches and a hot bath that covers your whole body works wonders .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
i ve had this phone for several months now .  .  . works great .
i have a mario malto silicone scraper ,  but this one is much better .
i like that it comes with various sizes ear buds so you can get the right fit .
it has a nice feel to it  not sticky or rubbery  .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
she has used it a few times and loves it .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
it is a real challenge to get it back in .
it is pretty solid because there is no long arm that allows for a lot of movement .
about the best thing i can say is i am ordering another one .
i cook a lot ,  and i m pretty picky .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
my phone fell like twice and that was it but it s a real nice cover .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
this is a much better value than the other cheap chargers on amazon and ebay .
its harder to remove than the original ,  but thats a good thing .
so far has held up well to several weeks of use .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i purchased it based on the cook s illustrated recommendation .
all of the parts are easy to use and remove .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
however ,  i recently purchased another one ,  and the new design is much better .
bought this as a gift for my young niece .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
but overall i would recommend it ,  if you want a cheap but still cute case .
you will need some very hot water and a brush of some sort to really clean it well .
the antenna gives me better gain than other models .
i ve owned one of these for about num_num years  and it still works  .
this is a great product !  one thing i was sure wouldn t be good was the little connector pieces .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
i ended up getting an oster egg cooker that did the trick .
best part is that the timer is digital .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
this item came quickly and after about a week of breaking in it fits like a glove .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
works great but really difficult to clean after you are done .
it is very durable and i would purchase another if i needed to .
it s inexpensive and if you aren t hard on your iphone ,  this is the product for you .
this is what i needed for everyday cooking .
wide enough for my big self to stand securely  this is nicely wide  ,  num_extend
what i have found so far was a tasty cup of coffee with no bitterness .
i am using num_num tbsp coffee  gevalia or peet s ,  a finer grind  per  cup  and have great taste .
i put this in my car a few weeks ago and it s been a great addition .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it cleans up very easily with warm soapy water .
these glasses don t come across as high quality ,  but on the other hand ,  they are great for the price .
i use these on bottles .  .  .  . perfect fit for the num_extend oz lipton green tea .
i wish they made one for sd cards as well .
i bought it because i needed a new case ,  but i never thought i would received this wonderful case .
i really like that i can rinse quinoa without the grains slipping through .
nice touch that it is lined on the inside to assist with cushioning .
i like the color but the price is high .
a good choice if you need a charger .
it makes great toast !  we had a toaster oven which we like but the toast was never really great .
i ordered num_num of these and they are perfect for my needs .
we used to have a giant old vornado window fan ,  and this works better and is much more quiet .
now my great review is not so amazing .
and ,  as always ,  amazon handled my order and the shipping quickly and efficiently .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
i ve owned a few garlic presses ,  and so far ,  this one is the best .
i had it in a couple of days .
they re more pricey now ,  but still a good value .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
i really found this product to be wonderful ,  compared to others which i have used .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
for $ these headphones are a fairly good deal .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
the grooves make it a bit hard to clean ,  but it s worth it for the results of meats .
i ve had mine a few months ,  and so far so good .
nothing i use does it right the very first time .
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
it is good to know that it does not break .
not sure if it s an authentic eureka part ,  but it seems to work perfectly .
its very pretty but it gets dirty really easy and its realllly hard to clean .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
so for $ per megb it will cost you . so for less than $ it a perfect smart phone .
i have arthritic hands and this handle is super .
there s not much protection to this case ,  but it looks good .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
version and it makes a perfect num_num oz .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
the price is much better than the $ charged by the apple store .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
they are easy to clean ,  don t stain easily  i . e .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
you get what you pay for ,  served me well .
i had a num_num qt before and love this size more .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the device still works fine except for the noise it makes when the oscillation feature is used .
not the worlds best but it does the job .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
it is very heavy and solid as a rock .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
these things are very heavy and high quality .
it makes excellent coffee quickly and then shuts itself off shortly after the brewing cycle is over .
easy to install ,  up and running in less than num_num mins !  !  !  .
i m very careful with my phone though so these work for me !  .
i was looking for a thermometer with a higher temp reading but these will be nice also for misc .
i figured this to be true of this product as well .
i own one and has lasted for years .
the encapsulated bottom creates that perfect heat distribution for searing and browning .
it might not be the nicest case ,  but it is pretty average looking and it protects the phone amazingly .
it is a good price too ,  its too bad others aren t getting the right or same product .
i ve bought several of these over the years .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
i learned it and hopefully you won t have to .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i think it was worth the money and i would buy this grinder again .
these things have great distant too ,  about num_num feet or so .
it is exactly what the positive reviews stated .
it seems like the volume buttons may be off slightly ,  but they still work fine .
i have bought a few chargers for my phone that haven t work so i am happy with this one .
the price was good and there were no shipping charges .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
the material is fairly thin and lightweight ,  making them very easy to use .
the next day i used it again and got much more .
fits well and gives scratch protection without all the bulk .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
probably a great plus for those with allergies .
there are some good features with this num_extend
it s definitely not a very protective case  don t drop the phone  but i love it anyway .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
the quality is better than the ones i have bought by spending $ or more .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
this is a fairly inexpensive headset which has some nice features for the price .
probably not good for people with young children; but otherwise they are great .
each one lasts about num_num months ,  but i love them and am back for more .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
than i saw this gadget with many good reviews .
it fits on my phone even though i use different cases with my phone .
very nice product ,  i only received it yesterday and have not had a chance to use it .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
years ago when my kids were little i had a dryer and loved it .
it puts out quite a bit of pepper with each grind .
other than that ,  it works well . it also works better on hard floors and less well on carpets and rugs .
even better ,  i received my shipment via ups the next day after ordering !  great purchase !  .
fits great in a small ziploc and then put into a gift bag .
i don t care for that as i paid for new merchandise but the unit has performed well so far .
while the instructions are not super clear ,  the pictures give you a good idea of what to do .
it is on the expensive side but the pain relief is worth it .
this is the num_extend anker batteryi have purchased and they have both been great products .
it is cheaply made ,  but it serves its purpose .
would highly recommend this product and price from amazon .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
nice to have replacement parts that fit to a t and do what they re supposed to do .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
i just got mine in the mail the other day .
the reviews led me to this little jewel . first the num_extend
i hope it will last a couple of years  :   .
i m also glad to see that the inside antenna can be upgraded without having to buy a new amplifier .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
used these headphones for one week and i am impressed .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
my vacuum cleaner now works like it s brand spanking new !  .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
it saves me from cleaning up a skillet or dutch oven .
hopefully it s just user error that i ll correct it ,  even so ,  it s an amazing machine .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
so i was pleased to find this bowl .
over time the clear plastic pieces have warped slightly  possibly from dishwasher washing  but it still works .
at the time i purchased it ,  it was at around num_num bucks ,  so it was an amazing value .
it is light and that s important for me because i don t like to feel any weight at all .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
it saved me from buying a new phone !  .
the each container looks small but they hold a lot or plenty of food .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
the quality is a little low ,  but so far so good .
the price is incredible for this kind of case .
it had great reviews and they were all right about it .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
best to have something that fits the bill correctly than destroy your hardware .
it is also nice and sturdy so i don t worry about breaking it .
it is easy to use ,  and doesn t let large grounds get into the coffee .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
and this thing holds heat like a beast .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
the video works well with amazon s unbox video on demand service .
got two of these for my son and i .
this was a gift and the receiver loved it ,  that is why i gave it num_num stars .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
corelle items are weird in that they are cheap and yet still a quality product .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
the kit is very thorough and includes everything needed for a complete installation .
this one fit the bill and looked pretty good .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
the material and craftsmanship while poor ,  performs adequately well and is of a more than reasonable price .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
while the instructions are not super clear ,  the pictures give you a good idea of what to do .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
they sent me a new battery right away .
this product is worth those extra num_num bucks .
well worth the money because this will be the last press i buy .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
so i recommend getting one from a big box store ,  or even a dollar store .
other then that it was a good product .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
so ,  for $ i got a very good deal .
it s amazing that the kit didn t cost a lot more .
i like that it is made out of metal rather than plastic .
i found this one with many great reviews .
it said used but it looks brand new to me .
with it being so soft it is fairly stretchy .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
it is somewhat messy ,  but it does the job .
very good juicer ,  but leaks a bit all around and doesn t filter the best .
in fact this case is extremely easy to take on and off in general .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
received batteries today and they charge accordingly and ready to use .
some are older models and some are brand new .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
nothing special ,  but it s pretty nice for what you pay for .
the blades are very sharp  be more careful than i was  .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
the oreck died ,  and i found this product right here on amazon .
a cleaning brush is also a good investment .
i have an older num_extend which i love .
i gotta say that was pretty dang sweet .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
it has a nice feel to it  not sticky or rubbery  .
this device is quite simple ,  but of good quality .
it has great price ,  rather than $ for one little piece of plastic .
i was very impressed with this phone as the reviews were misleading .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
this newer model seems to be better actually .
i needed an additional port for charging in my new car and this one is perfect .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
i was worried since this is a bigger mixer ,  but it ended up fitting it perfectly .
i had one ,  liked it so i bought another one .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
it is retractable so the cord does not get tangled ,  it is nice .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
it s enough reason to keep using them in my brita pitcher .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
it s cute ,  small and excellent for single serving portions .
i have a small usb car plug adapter and the cable from this works perfectly in that capacity also .
i upgraded from the num_extend num_extend  also a seriously great phone  to this .
it was a little complicated putting it on but it s really nice and it definitely protected my phone .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
this was just right and has been used multiple times already .
works great with ipad ,  ipod ,  kindle ,  iphones ,  androids ,  etc .
i like being able to have a stylus ,  pen and laser all ready to use in one device .
megapixels don t mean everything but this num_extend camera is spectacular .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
so i looked around until i found this .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
the tapered sides are a problem for me ,  but i like the robustness and comfortable grips .
yeah its plastic but if you don t mishandle it ,  it s solid .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
this case added a great touch to my num_extend phone .
i received these ear hooks quickly and am looking forward in using them .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
a fan really helps cool off the room and move the ac around the house more efficiently .
stick to the num_num sizes provided and find the one that best suits you .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
it may not serve as a protective case ,  but it still helps with that a little bit .
it s nice to have a choice of sizes .
it s not as reflective as in the picture ,  but it did it s job .
much better than i d expected for the price .
the set was very affordable !  !  !  it was shipped quickly .
i am lactose intolerant so making my own ice cream is a must .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
i noticed a difference in the quality of sound .
nothing too exciting about it ,  but it just works .
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
it s big and it even has a handle .
it saves time with short hair as well .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it s good to know i can still find a replacement !  .
i moved recently and needed all new kitchenware .
they keep the coffee warm without it getting stronger and stronger .
i would like them to be thicker but they do hold up to wear .
it is a little strange taking phone calls in stereo ,  but it works fine .
other than that ,  it s nothing fancy but it works .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this is the perfect size to fit underneath my desk at home ,  so i m very pleased with it .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
that s what i bough  em for !  easy to clean and store .
first ,  it is a great deal !  i had a more expensive motorola and it didn t have the sound clarity .
that way i always had a freshly charged battery .
i mainly use this to juice pomegranates and love it .
don t get me wrong ,  it s a perfectly decent knife ,  hence the four stars . but it needs sharpening often .
this is a must if like me you dislike using those bluetooth earpieces .
i am a garlic lover and garlic presses are important to me .
it gives you the flexibility to charge batteries independent of the phone .
it worked really good for a long time .
this was reasonably priced on amazon ,  and worked perfectly .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
i just got mine after reading several reviews on this model .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
these bluetooth headphones are dependable and hold a charge for a very long time .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
it blends and purees well and doesn t splash very much ,  which is really nice .
these hold many pairs of shoes ,  swivel ,  and look pretty nice doing their job .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
the sound isn t high quality ,  but they are great for the price .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
he seems to like it and continues to use it .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
my phone would cost $ to replace so i think it is worth buying a $ case .
this is a nice plain case that does the trick .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
at $ on amazon it s a great deal compared to the list price of $
i wanted a bag that was well made and was a good size .
one of my favorite buys !  i would give it a num_num out of num_num if i could !  .
i have this installed on both my iphone num_num and ipad mini and its awesome .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
they are nice and heavy ,  but not too heavy .
satisfied with this product and it was delivered on time .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
brings a little touch of special to your phone .
the metal loses it s sheen ,  but still looks decent .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
i ve had a couple of different plugs and they all worked .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
got these for my cat to eat from .
it works great !  but it falls out occasionally and needs readjusting a lot .
i like to keep it hand and to have able to dry out .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
works great for using when i want to watch netflix unto my tv . i wish the cable was longer .
it s been mostly soups :  beef and cabbage soup ,  etc .  .  . and it has worked very well with soups for me .
my battery used to always die on me so upgrading to the extended battery was great .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it s so quiet you can t even tell if it s on .
and it s even good for one or two servings of pasta .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
the device takes num_num hour to give a dead phone % batterylife and for my dw it is great .
so i got this timer ,  it does the job .
sure it s pricey and doesn t include an hdmi adapter ,  but it s still a pretty nifty gadget .
it was still good but didn t work as well . overall ,  this is a very good product .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
i bought this to replace a cingular phone and works well .
full tang ,  riveted ,  comfortable handle ,  thick blade and it has a good weight to it in your hand .
camera takes incredible pictures in bright light but is brutal in low light situations .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
take your time and keep track of all your screws .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
it makes delicious coffee even my husband who isn t a coffee fiend enjoys .
seasoned salt added to the final finished product will give some flavor .
the rechargeable battery can last long enough in one full charge .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
when the outer rubber layer of the bg started peeling off ,  i tossed it and bought this case . it s perfect .
it is not as bright as the picture but still stunning to me .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
charging time its not fast but works fine .
maybe not entirely necessary ,  but it did work well when i made num_extend
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
the unit weighs in num_extend pounds and all parts are large and sturdy .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
i am happy with the quality of the pens however the color description was off .
what s good to know is that although there was some spillage there was only very little .
the loudness of the noise is based on the fan setting . for the price .  .  . this is a great fan .
what can you say ,  it opens my cans effortlessly .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i was surprised by how sturdy it was though .
i have it sharpened about once a year .
it tells you that in the product directions .
this came and i used it right away .
it is made of glass ,  but is tempered to stand up to heat .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
i bought this battery and received it quick .
the motorola num_extend works great with my treo num_extend
these are sturdy pieces ,  though a bit small for some people .
very durable and sturdy; much better than those that are much less expensive and cheaply made .
the only bt headset i ve found that works with a motorcycle helmet .
so much so i bought a second one .
wished i had bought one for myself as well as a gift for a friend .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
the way it s shaped also gives you some support for your neck and back .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
screen protector sucks but other than that it protects my phone great and i haven t had an issue yet .
oh ,  and the micro usb is a quality plug that fits in securely .
it fit perfectly in the angled corner and allows extra space without stacking items on top of each other .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
i just got this in the mail yesterday .
i got this for a friend so i can t give you a reivew .
the num_num pack is a pretty good value for me since i can leave one in various places .
but in my opinion ,  it s a pain without feet on it ,  and i recommend them too .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
it worked quite nicely the first time around .
it has a quick release button so it was very easy to remove the phone .
nothing works as well as this inexpensive cover .
the adhesive is holding it and seems pretty firm right now .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
it s also important to me to buy american made products when possible .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
it works for some things because it is lighter and thinner .
we like how much this pitcher holds with such a compact size .
performance  outstanding  . wish that i had bought it sooner .
i ve had this one for more than a year and it s still going strong .
makes a significant difference in the taste though it takes a couple of uses to get there .
great product and i ve used many different brands .
it was a gift for csoomeone else and that pperson it happy with it .
the plastic container is also nice ,  as it is not breakable and it is easy to clean .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
it will give you some experience when installing the num_extend enjoy .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the num_num cup size is perfect for those mornings when it s just me who will be drinking coffee .
i would buy it again ,  it was worth the money .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
i can fit a finger through the larger ones .
but i ve been using it for a few months and its held together .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
the first one worked great !  i had no issues .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
lol i did it with water to test . it holds my homemade soy milk wonderfully ,  while hot or cold .
the case is a little hard to take apart but it s a really good case .
i grow my own garlic and when its fresh it s very juicy .
i moved the star rating to num_num stars since it s very nice and easy to use .
the metal is good quality ,  easy to wash ,  no complaints here !  .
once you put it together that s it ,  so i figured using a glue will definitely help .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
the bass quality in them is actually pretty surprising .
it takes only a couple of minutes ,  so it is also super quick .
doesn t work very well also but i would say better than my own finger .
so i experimented with them for a few days and figured it out .
these protectors are very nice and cover the entire screen .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i never expected it to come with the carrying holding and pocket clip !  that was a pleasant surprise !  .
this item is available from several different sellers .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
don t let the price fool you ,  it is a great item !  !  yes ,  it s plastic ,  but it isn t flimsy .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
pretty good batteries ,  and charger works although the num_num prongs aren t the best .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i would rate this product worth at least $
really cute case ,  but extrremely hard to take off .
i d also recommend a coffee grinder that consistently grinds coffee for a drip coffee maker .
it seems to work well for that ,  although i should buy something that is quicker .
good value . i don t own a dishwasher so i cannot speak to how it holds up to a dishwashing machine .
but is is an amazingly healthy and filling very lowfat snack .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it actually has a feature i love that my old one doesn t .
my first impression is it s good looking ,  it appears to be well made .
nor does it show the quality of fit and finish . in the culinary world this is called a sauce whisk .
i am a num_num pound num_extend woman and my pants fit beautifully .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i have a little arthritis in my wrist and this tool made things much easier for me .
it turned out to be the color black but its fine with me .
i recommend to anyone who doesn t have integrated bluetooth in their car .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it s not a perfect skillet ,  but it s the closest thing that i have found to it .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
so ,  for a couple bucks ,  this thing is great .
very clear pictures and nice graphics . i give it a num_num out of num_extend
someone gifted one to me later so now i use it .
it s a great phone with verizon ,  except for the battery life .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
this usb cable works great !  i have had no issues with it .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
kind of hard to get on belt but otherwise very nice .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
i ve arranged for amazon to send a replacement . original comments : works great .
i figured that was something i could live with to be honest .
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
i gave this product num_num stars because it is the best i have found .
i thought it was smaller than the photo led me to believe ,  but other than that ,  it was great .
i bought this brand new for about $
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
the sound quality is very good but the features ,  interface ,  etc all leave a lot to be desired .
also tried my mouse and that worked as well .
the case is very pretty ,  not the very best quality but it does the job and looks nice .
not very practical but it is a fun case .
is it the best ?  no ,  but its decent .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
although running only at num_extend it can handle skype voice calls quite well over wifi and num_extend
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
it was shorter than i expected ,  but it does the job .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
they are smooth enough that i am not worried about scratching .
i received it as a gift from my mom about five or six years ago .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
thin and flexible so it doesn t take too much space when packed .
it is easy and does not take alot of effort .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
num_extend a batch of cookies from the booklet ,  pretty good .
then i got this one and it s great for just $
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
its a great alternative to my air popper ,  which i love ,  but hate the noise at times .
since it is this cheap ,  i think the quality worth the price overall .
i found this one with many great reviews .
i bought this for my son and it has been very handy .
this thing spins so fast and for so long after a few pushes of the button ,  it s amazing .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
this system is not fancy ,  but it works .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it also has an additional compartment for spare batteries or accessories .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
i did extensive research before purchasing ,  and it was worth it .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
it arrived in a few days and it is just what i wanted .
i have the habbit of dropping my phone frequently and this case protects well and stays on great .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
it s a nice little fan but i think i should have gotten a more powerful one .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
i was surprised at how small the unit is .
highly recommend if you have a battery drain issue .
what a difference !  i wish i had found this sooner .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
better than the protector i had on my old iphone !  .
but not bad for all the time it worked well .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
as you might guess ,  i buy a lot of stuff through amazon !  very convenient .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
always very skeptical purchasing generic chargers but this item is great .
i found this much easier to clean after use than my royal .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
and it s really inexpensive compared to everything else i considered .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i find that this replacement battery is fine for me .
if i drop it ,  the case will snap off ,  but it hasn t broken yet ,  which is really good .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i ve had this for about a year and it s held up fine .
an extra bonus is a separate port for to use as a usb charger .
wife broke the first one but liked it well enough we had to get a second one .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was ,  but worked like a charm .
it lets me adjust the volume without having to reach for your device .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
although i am not an expert at apllying these covers it does look nice and provide good protection .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
good range ,  comfortable ,  easy to use . on the flip side ,  i did not care for the ear loops at all .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
this doesn t produce as fine of mist as pam spray ,  but it still produces a nice even coat .
it s classic design that s been around for years ,  no surprises .
comfort is the big issue for me and this headset is amazing in that department !  .
it is accurate and lets you know when the temp .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
fantastic adapter with more than enough  oomph  to charge your favorite gadget . awesome lower price makes it a steal too .
the wheel itself is super sharp and substantial .
it is really worth the difference in price if you are a coffee drinker .
reliable coffee maker ,  no frills ,  good price ,  forces steam through finely ground beans .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i use it to infuse my home with wonderful scents .
that s why i give this a high rating .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
in any event ,  it doesn t look as nice now that it s been used ,  but it is most definitely functional !  .
it is well made and considerably cheap when you consider how much other phone covers costs .
it s nice since you get a lot more coffee flavor than using regular brewed coffee .
the battery life between recharges is estimated at around num_num hours and so far that is very accurate .
always handy when you need that little extra battery boost when out until you can wall charge .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
the quality and was better than i expected .
the handle lever works very well . so ,  my only real gripe is about the size of the gun .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
i bought my first one at a discount department store but got a better buy here .
the unit comes with an array of earpiece wires and bud sizes to individualize the fit .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the fan is surprisingly powerful for the small size .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
unlike other screen protectors that i have purchased in the past ,  these are very good ones ,  and inexpensive .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
i know it s not marketed for protecting babies from bumps in the bath ,  but it works great .
the reviews led me to this little jewel . first the num_extend
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i like to use a mouse so the usb adaptor is very handy .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
it is large enough to hold onto comfortably but small enough to fit in my pocket with my phone .
the material of the case is pretty flexible and it s not too thick .
well worth the few bucks you pay for it .
these are the best glasses i ve ever owned .
i can fit a finger through the larger ones .
i like the feature that there is master on off switch .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
very nice case !  bought another one to replace !   : d .
i got a new battery in less than a week .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
after searching through the amazon site i was happy to see the num_extend as a perfect replacement .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
not much to say about this product but it works ,  it is not heavy but is durable .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
it still works and i ll continue to use it ,  just wish it didn t look rusty on the edges .
great case just what i was looking for .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
it is excellent at collecting dust and small debris .
i bought this item to replace it and it works fine .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
i have a lg esteem phone and it barely fits but it s stable and it does the job .
works great but makes my pics and vids look weird .
$ for this set of num_num is a great price .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i bought this to julienne zucchini for use in place of pasta and it works great .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
and for the price ,  you can t really beat it .
i use it once a while and it is very handy and very easy to clean .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
this one is nice ,  and sturdier than the really cheap ones .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
we got this to replace a droid num_extend
these are not quite as pretty but they do the job .
not too great of a product but looks great .
the weight of the canner is pretty significant .
seller extremely helpful and replaced device and would even allow a return .
my original machine is num_num yrs old and still working just great .
this always picks up their hair plus some extra .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
works as well as models costing much more .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
the battery life is now reasonable though it does add to the size of the phone .
the leather on here probably isn t real ,  but it feels really nice .
great external battery pack and cheaper than those name brand ones .
its big screen makes it really a computer in your pocket .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i bought several cases for my htc evo before i found this one .
it comes clean with just a wipe ,  and i haven t had any issues at all with sticking .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
this beater works better than the one that originally came with the mixer .
but for me it was a low cost charger and works perfect with my samsung num_extend
i took them right back and got another pair .
this is as good as it gets with coffee .
i actually came here to buy a couple more .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
it s rare to find a processor with this much power and with such a small  footprint   counter space  .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
any pet plastic bottle that has held a carbonated drink will suffice . happy brewing !  .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
who actually keeps the packaging ?  if it weren t for that it would have five stars because it works great .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i soaked mine ,  then popped them into the dishwasher !  highly recommended !  .
i got two of these to give as gifts .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i recommend it if you have an iphone without a cover .
i followed the directions and they turned out great .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i like how the have the smooth finish vs the brushed metal that my old ones were .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
i got the machine and put it together ,  very easy ,  read the instuction book ,  and started it up .
i love to be able to read the reviews to help me make up my mind .
item works well but can be extremely dangerous .
i also like that it can be converted to a usb connector and used with your computer .
it doesn t charge as quickly as a home charger ,  but it gets the job done !  .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
great with veggies cheese and anything you might use it for .
i was surprised and pleased to find that an almost identical model was still available .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
i just received it and verified that all parts are indeed interchangeable .
didn t know quite what to expect but was thrilled when i opened it up .
it worked well ,  and lasted for about three years .
i had the much older model until someone borrowed it and i like this one so much better .
i ve tried other flavors ,  mostly teriyaki ,  and it just doesn t come close to how good this stuff is !  .
this num_num ounce size is a pretty good volume for daily use .
i didn t find it to be as great on hard floors ,  but it worked well on carpeted ones .
it s great for drying a small towel after something is wiped up before it goes into the hamper .
this case is very good for the incredibly cheap price .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
it steams great and works almost like an iron .
i ve been using it for a couple of weeks now and so far it s holding up pretty well .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
first ,  thanks for the consumers who have found my initial review helpful and classified it as such in amazon .
it works for some things because it is lighter and thinner .
unlike most headsets ,  this one sits comfortable on the ear with a soft plastic loop over the ear .
i also got the non serrated thin blade .
it is still as sharp as when i first got it .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
leather seems good and the price is cheap .
i keep coffee and other things in it .
if you make a lot of salads ,  this is a must have .
because this is just a piece of plastic ,  i just trimmed it to fit perfectly .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i got one to keep as a backup and i m ordering one of the soft tpu cases today  :   .
i d like it to be a bit more powerful ,  too ,  but it does its job .
i bought these batteries here from amazon ,  and i love them .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
i like it much better than geting dog step as they take up too much room .
the case was great for the few months i needed it till i got a new phone .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i love it !  i will never be fooled into buying anything else .
i found the same at walmart under the name mainstays .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
this does have the ability to make coffee without using the grinder .
this is much better than the less expensive ,  cheap screen protectors .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
very easy to charge you just need a usb cable .
the battery life is decent .  .  . just be sure to bring it in and charge it from time to time .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
i basically like aroma stuff ,  they have good quality .
i found one on amazon and ordered to see whether it would make a difference .
the case scratches somewhat easily but it is better than scratching your phone .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
so no scratches on the screen ,  but unattractive indentations in it s place . still i m happy with the product over all .
i ve only had this product a day but so far its pretty cool .
they have great sound but i have to hold it in my ear .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
i keep coffee and other things in it .
the count up clock feature is nice when steeping num_extend
works well if you freeze it overnight and have everything ready before pulling it out of the freezer .
great measuring spoons !  they are extra heavy duty and they nest for easy storage .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it has a lifetime warranty and they take care of you when you contact them for a replacement .
very nice and they asked for my serial number and offered to send me a replacement battery .
actually got these for use as kitchen shears .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
it can keep my phone charged when i am on the go .
much better than i d expected for the price .
it doesn t bulk up the phone much and looks good .
i needed a new plug and when i ordered this one i was surprised how soon i got it .
i was afraid the quality of plastic was going to be lacking but it s actually very good quality .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i did not find any problem so far . it just good . work fine . not expensive .
a lot of craftsmanship went into the making of this thing .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
this is the pan i prefer for high heat searing .
i ve used this vacuum for nearly num_num months now ,  and i love it .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
i was happy with it ,  to a degree ,  but i wanted something with a greater capacity .
speaking of the screen ,  its very bright and crisp .  .  . though using it in direct sunlight may prove a little challenging .
i happened to see this one on sale in a department store so i went ahead and got it .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
now i will have to order the right size !  .
i took them right back and got another pair .
i am so very pleased to find the product on amazon that works for my htc inspire cell phone .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
i enjoyed it ,  even though the process took me about num_num minutes .
this is very thick and also very sharp .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
it was sticky  in a good way  ,  and it provided excellent padding in case of falls .
i d buy another but this one works grewt .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
a small design change would make this a great product !  .
for the price ,  the quality is great . i haven t had the  charging is not supported with this accessory  yet anyways .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
i have never used one before and for my fisrt time i made a great purchase .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
it works great and i don t worry about it being on my food .
i have to move it forward to use it and it is heavy so it must be well made .
its taste good and its good for you .
it does its job and helps when my battery runs out !  .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
worth the extra cash for it  ,  if you place it at a visible spot in the kitchen .
i know that i like to use a chef s knife best and this is the best chef s knife .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
this is a great hot air popcorn popper .
i will continuance to use it and see how it goes .
and was able to try it after giving it .
i bought it to keep blades and discs easy and safe to reach .
however ,  from all the reviews i feel like i purchased very good protection for my phone .
it s difficult to move around becuase of it s weight ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
this thing is excellent !  i don t have a dishwasher so i wash by hand .
i would prefer a good multitimer ,  that is reasonable ,  maybe with different sounds for each alarm .
i purchased this as a birthday gift for a family member .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
but it looks good ,  just like the real thing .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
but for listening to videos on hulu or amazon they are excellent .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i bought a second one with the same wonderful results .
works very well ,  but i have to use pliers when it needs to be remove for any other device .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
maybe if it hits num_num or less is it worth considering as i got it around that price range .
also a plus that they can be easily removed from the ring with a simple squeeze sideways .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
these are nice measuring cups !  i like them better than the cheap plastic ones  which i gave away  .
it would also be good with facetime with the iphone num_extend
it s smooth but the texture catches cloth a little .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
this has got to be the best knife i ve ever had the pleasure of using .
it has an easy to remove clip that holds the set together when not in use .
this is a great feature because i don t have to take off the headphones to answer the phone ,  etc .
i prefer cast iron for most of my cooking needs .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
perfect for your earbuds ,  protects from wires getting angled and the earbuds pulling off the ear piece .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this does what it is supposed to do .
this one is capable of pairing with multiple devices .
i got a good for this from $
other then that ,  it s great and i would purchase again .
this usb cable works great !  i have had no issues with it .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
so don t give up on such a great product .
and sure enough within the week i received it .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
i make a considerable amount of home made soap for gifts to friends and relatives .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i have a garden and had a great crop this year .
is nice and small and lasts slightly longer then the stock battery .
they re more pricey now ,  but still a good value .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
not the least expensive but these knives are great steak knives .
then put the ground coffee in my french press for the perfect morning cup of joe .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
i have to make a double recipe ,  so the size comes in handy .
this charger is pretty good ,  works as advertises and charges my phone without any issues .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
these are not so good for data uploading from a phone to a computer ,  but the recharging works well .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i have had this toaster for about six months and i am very happy with it .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i wouldn t have normally gotten this style but now that i ve tried them ,  i like them !  .
the price was good and there were no shipping charges .
i own both the num_extend and the num_extend and both are great !   .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
i was surprised at how sturdy it was .
it tastes better than straight tap water too .
i washed well and got the job done .
the seller was prompt with shipping and the transaction was very smooth .
the holster did a great job protecting my phone ,  however the holster took a hit .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
seems to stick a little bit when i scoop my cookies but it does feel pretty well made .
this iphone cover is very simple and has alittle bling on it .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
small enough to carry it in your pocket if you need to .
you can add lemon juice to the small about of water and it enhance the taste experience .
it is easy to assemble ,  some assembly is required .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
not sure what or who motivated those reviews . it s also great for making hot cereal and all kinds of porridge .
it creates a more even coating and you ust need to spritz a little on .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
i put this in my iphone num_extend and it worked great .
obviously you pay for the brand . that said ,  for me this works well .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
i gave a try online and i found this .
the key to making great coffee with it is ,  don t use too much coffee .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
all in all ,  this is a pretty handy device that solves some unique issues very well .
this unit also comes with a couple adapters for different plug types .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
it s small but sturdy and holds the iphone well .
overall ,  i would recommend this to anyone that s looking for new headphones .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
they aren t to delicate; have a nice weight and thickness .
i used it to evenly pound chicken for chicken breast coated in panko crumbs and they turned out wonderful .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
it has a very strong motor and sounds like a vacumm cleaner .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
one thing i can say about this item is that the price was right .
i have never used one before and for my fisrt time i made a great purchase .
for its small size ,  the readout is large and clear .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
yes !  it takes some work to handle because it is so powerful .
i really like it but the quality is not the best .
a good sized four slice toaster ,  wide enough for bagels or texas toast .
it seems to extract greater flavor from the coffee .
i love to be able to read the reviews to help me make up my mind .
the case does not provide protection to the screen ,  but does look very nice .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i did extensive research before purchasing ,  and it was worth it .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
when my original carafe broke ,  i found this one on line .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
the popper workd perfectly from the firs time i used it .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
much ,  much better than the similarly priced stuff you can get from china via ebay .
they are nice and heavy and have a large capacity .
i never fully realized how much i could enjoy different juices until i got this .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
but i think i can safely say that no bt headset has great audio .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
this is a pretty good phone case ,  protects the phone ,  but kind of hard to get to phone quickly .
i bought this to record quality audio ,  and because of its noise canceling properties .
the best part is that the battery does not need an extra back cover .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
one of these days i will figure out the idiosyncrasies of this device and master it s use .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
the interface is also customized and pretty cool with the num_num home screens moving in a num_extend
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
but for a normal charger it does work .
the color is nice ,  not as bright turquoise as the picture .
this battery is an excellent replacement for the original battery .
it appears to be very well constructed and has a cool lighted blue motorola  m  when plugged in .
it works well and like a toaster should .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
it s worth the purchase compared to some of the more expensive ones available .
not very often a product that is this good can be found anymore .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
it is a large size for the cost .
i like using them better than the dried beans .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i wouldn t have normally gotten this style but now that i ve tried them ,  i like them !  .
it s held up very well with a couple of year s of moderate use .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it also has a usb connection for charging your phone .
perhaps i have misshapen ears . audio :  the sound is fantastic .
charges just fine and is a much better option than the one that came with the phone .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
a little bit of white vinegar after washing keeps it sparkling .
i didn t treat this little pot particularly well ,  and boiled it dry more than once ,  but always worked great .
so ,  this mount is ideal as it allows you to rotate the phone for the best view .
second ,  the volume control button is well placed to allow you to easily adjust the level .
it s black plastic that fits perfectly and leaves all the connections exposed .
i have about num_num other panasonic rice cookers and panasonic just makes the best rice cookers .
it does have a remote ,  which it a nice feature too .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
it still won t work every time ,  but i found that it works fine about % of the time .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
love these but they don t seal quite as tight as i d like .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
may not be perfect for music ,  but good enough for me .
the num_extend megapixel camera is pretty useful with it s zoom and flash abilities .
looks nice and holds num_num cards but i manage to put num_extend
admittedly the pump isn t super powerful ,  but for less than $ it does a great job .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
it still works and i ll continue to use it ,  just wish it didn t look rusty on the edges .
i am not a great cook but this helps .
unlike many other styli this has a comfortable weight to it and thicker body  think jumbo crayons  .
this is by far not a  high quality  bluetooth but a all in all ,  good product for the money .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
is a must for my num_num yr old daughter .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
the actual wheel is very sturdy and does not wiggle .
it is a good inexpensive fan ,  but i m not sure i would recommend it for style .
now my great review is not so amazing .
it s a little bulky ,  but sturdy and fits well .
this case covers up to and higher than the lip of the glass screen .
while not for everyone ,  it s a great product in the right settings .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
the carafe seems to drip a lot ,  otherwise a good coffee maker .
it was pretty easy to set up although it took a bit to get the lines straightened out .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
worth the money if you have to slice bread .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
this one has the same feel as the original made by apple .
that makes it super easy to replace it .
if you can deal with the small resolution . the camera is actually pretty decent as well .
i am not that fussy and i think it is decent for the price .
the design is good ,  and the adapter goes sideways when plugged into an outlet .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
this product was usable right out of the box .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
it is much bigger than i thought it would be .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it is not great but it does work .
i used home made yogurt ,  and it has a sweet tart flavor .
charging the num_extend takes a reasonable amount of time .
however ,  it was so quiet !  even on the highest pulse speed ,  it was so quiet .
when i wear these out i will definitely be buying more .
but i needed an emergency headset and this one fit the bill .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
there are definitely cheaper ones out there ,  but this one is amazing .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i purchased this item due to the good reviews .
needed some gloves that weren t too bulky to use for work and these fit great .
i got a good deal on it thru amazon .
i ve used it for about a month now ,  and it has really found a niche in my knife collection .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i have well water which is not the best ,  these filters do the job .
i picked this product to have a extra cord with me either at work or in the car .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
wanted to make sure i liked it and it did its job .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
the price on amazon is great !  compare to $ at a local store ,  cheaper to buy here .
so much better than the small one that broke .
i m giving it num_num stars because it sticks very well and it s doing its job .
i liked the idea that it could time num_num intervals at a time .
great product ,  hoever it is too bulkuy and big .
i m not a huge earbud fan but i found these to be pretty good headphones for casual listening .
it s a huge difference from the one i got off the shelf at a local store .
of course the new model has improved features they didn t have with my first one .
works great with both skim milk and soy milk .
but its still better than my original battery .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
this pan has an aluminum core to solve that problem .
don t use it often but great when i need it . works great ,  price right !  .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
this is important because it s a tight fit .
if you are looking for a good reliable charger ,  i would recommend this item .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
ability to use apps such as qik which allows you to stream video for live sharing  very cool num_extend
it has the bulk of a medium sweater . the hanger comes attached and is very strong .
i received a new and original charger as advertised .
although it looks a little plain ,  it is a very gorgeous case that speaks for itself .
please be aware when making your purchase  !  .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
if you re going to get one  and you should spurge a little and get a nice one .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
i don t use the fm function because the speaker is fine and this really makes my phone navigation useful .
i have dropped my phone multitudes of times and it is still in good shape .
i ve bought multiple of these in the past few years .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
im not exactly gentle with my phone but case keeps it well protected and has a nice little design .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
classic and five star  knives cut like butter ,  but i prefer the wusthof s look and feel .
the glasses are very nice and heavy though a bit big around for my female hand .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
for the price you can t beat this charger .
i just used and got an extension cord for more length .
web browsing works well although not as smooth as the num_extend
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
this one was actually different than a previous one i had owned but i like this one better .
it is beautiful ,  but i didn t like using it for everyday .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
it s taking me a while to get the hang of it ,  but ,  it is very well made .
thank you for a wonderful product ! i am updating my previous review .
can t beat the price !  an extra battery for the power hungry num_extend is a must .
very fast charger at a great price ! update :  microusb port wore out after almost two years .
:   oh ,  buy it from amazon . com too ,  the price is great ,  free ship and fast shipping .
i was impressed ,  and knowing it was verizon i knew my dropped call issue would go away as well .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
grab one if you ever see it for sale .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
it may be made in china ,  but it seems to be holding up .
i purchased this product for my daughter ,  and she liked it .
so if your thinking on getting do it . for the money this is a good buy .
i was able to listen to music with it and make phone calls .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
you just gotta buy it and try it for yourself ,  worth the money by far !  .
i ve had it for over a year and it still last .
i prefer the filters ,  but this works as designed .
much better quality then the ones i purchased at a local specialty store .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
much better and higher quality than the ones you ll see in stores for around the same price .
it also is a soft good quality and the suction is nice .
im not exactly gentle with my phone but case keeps it well protected and has a nice little design .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
product works with all the devices i have .
it s something like num_num bucks ,  and worth every penny .
it worked fit and was durable the way an otterbox should have been .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i like to use a mouse so the usb adaptor is very handy .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
received it on time and if i needed it again i would buy it .
i have been look for this product for a while and finally i found it .
it s solid and somewhat bulky than what i m used to be though .
it fit the phone nice and protected the phone ,  but i decided i needed something more stylish .
meets my needs although i would have liked to have an even bigger bag .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
but still works as a charging cable so im happy .
i probably would want to get it professional sharpened a bit more ,  but it s working fine .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
it s perfect for those smaller meals that don t require a full size plate .
it cleans up very easily with warm soapy water .
and being in the $ dollar range seems about right for this product .
i basically like aroma stuff ,  they have good quality .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the cord is short ,  as others have mentioned ,  but an extension cord is an easy fix .
works great !  everything i have bought from amazon has been great .
now my great review is not so amazing .
this blender is great ,  for my purposes at least .
it looks kinda tacky . for the cost ,  this is a great case !  .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
i like the feel of it as opposed to those cheaply made silicone ones .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i have an older model that i have had for about num_num years ,  and it is still going strong .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
as always dealing with amazon was quick and painless .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
note that the size is a bit on the large side .
i have sharpened it a few times with good results .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
these also did not have cracks or hard spurs in the finish ,  so they seem to be high quality .
however ,  for my use ,  and for the price ,  this thing works great .
the carafe seems to drip a lot ,  otherwise a good coffee maker .
i also like that the control buttons are on the front rather than the top .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
its finish allows for easy cleanup and it is wearing well over time .
the light text might also be an issue for someone with vision problems . overall ,  i would recommend this phone .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
keeps the cap shape during washing and drying .
i will buy again ,  when i need filters for the coffee maker .
the screen and camera are much better than the num_extend
it is a well made charger ,  if a bit bulky .
i have owned and tested many ,  many ,  bluetooth headsets and this is the best so far .
i make various green and herbal teas at night and in the morning i have a great variety .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is much better than the charging cable that came with my samsung captivate .
screen protector sucks but other than that it protects my phone great and i haven t had an issue yet .
this makes it possible for me to ware this device all day long with no pain or discomfort .
wished i had bought one for myself as well as a gift for a friend .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i feel much more safe with the glove on my holding hand .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
the wheel itself is super sharp and substantial .
but that s my fault for not looking at the specifications . either way ,  love it ,  very useful ,  and totally worth it !  .
i loved this product so much that i m going to order one for my num_extend now .
i ve also hooked up my usb mouse to this and it was fast an responsive .
the one i received is made in china .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it is very powerful and does a better job than my previous sears brand vacuum .
it s a good piece of equipment for not very much money .
provides good view of screen ,  not too dark .
it s not perfect ,  but i haven t found a bluetooth headset that i love yet .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it also has good grip and isn t so smooth that it slips out of your hands .
i loved this product so much that i m going to order one for my num_extend now .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
much better than i d expected for the price .
it is not as bright as the picture but still stunning to me .
bought it on amazon ,  great deal !  now back to the insignia headphones .
i eventually cut it off and shaved down the sharp corners and it was good to go .
well worth the few bucks you pay for it .
it most definitely will protect your iphone ,  but it sure takes away from the beauty of it s slim design .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
clips well to my phone and charges me up .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
it s not perfect ,  but i haven t found a bluetooth headset that i love yet .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i have got to get it together .   . great product .
the num_num cup is a little larger than i really need for storing leftovers but the set is nice .
i have to call amazon later on and let them know but other than that their great .
this is a better coffeemaker than i thought i would get .
i made a cheese omelet that was delicious .
overall ,  i like this vacuum bag and would recommend to others with u type vacuums .
i ve used this now for about num_num months ,  and it is great .
i bought one set and liked it so i imediately bought another set .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it is great not having the cord trip me up when it s not being used .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i bought two of these the first time .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
holds a charge nicely and thus far have had no noticeable problems with the item .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i used to have the braun version of this grinder ,  and just received this one as a gift .
this is the best !  i am a little peculiar about drinking water .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i ve used a number of batteries in our num_num samsung epic num_extend phones ,  and this is about the best .
the results are better than i initially imagined .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i bought it second hand to begin with .
it is also cool it has num_num usb charger port in case you have num_num devices .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i am happy that i bought it because it is a great sealer .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
lol ,  i now have an interesting paper weight .
it gives them the perfect combination of gooey brownies with crunchy edges .
it feels a little lose ,  but the price is great .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
also interesting is that since its bluetooth you can project your phone calls through it too .
the best part is it was only like $
i have it connected to my phone and my laptop and it works with microsoft lync .
i will buy again when i need it .
for a little vac ,  this works good cause of the brushes .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
i moved the star rating to num_num stars since it s very nice and easy to use .
great entertainment for my num_num year old too .
the handle looks cheap in the photo but it feels like very good quality in person .
they look quite nice and worked for charging my phone .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
pretty standard ,  and i ve used it a couple of times .
its finish allows for easy cleanup and it is wearing well over time .
would recommend if you don t have the cash to shell out for the higher end ones .
hopefully the finish will last with simple handwashing .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
i got this to replace my old one .
the sound is good and not so loud that it will bust your eardrums .
i ordered this case and was absolutely thrilled .
have had another set of these and they lasted very well ,  now i have num_num sets .
other than this issue it is a good product .
definitely not as good as oem ,  but it is functional .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
while other systems might be overly complicated ,  this machine maintains ease of use without compromising quality .
i used it and it worked as advertised .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i ve had a set of these for about num_num years now and they still look like new .
initially i was skeptical ,  but ,  it proved out to be a nice buy .
this is great !  i put it under my bathroom sink to store rolled up colorful towels .
it works just fine for your occasional and regular fying needs ,  although the scoop could be better .
i origionaly had the num_extend that is a great headset .
but it does take up a lot of space though !  lol .
i would recommend this skin to those who want minimalistic protection .
i ve owned this sharpener for almost a year now .
a good buy for num_extend and num_extend owners .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
it wouls be nice to see one made of stainless steel rather than aluminum .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
didn t think it would work but works great !  .
the noise is minimal and it really does make a difference .
i think this is for a different model but it works fine .
i ve been using this for a little over a week now ,  and i will say i love it .
the price is a little much but i guess it s worth it .
it is sturdy ,  yet very light !  easy to slip the phone in and out .
good product and bought an anker battery as well .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
on a few occasions it was finicky about connecting to the phone but generally works fine .
they don t last forever ,  but at the price they are well worth the purchase .
kickstand works well ,  although it takes a bit of effort to get it out of the locked position .
this battery pack has been great ensuring when traveling my phone stays charged .
although the product itself isn t actual oem manufactured by apple ,  the product itself is  doable  and serves it s purpose .
being able to attached to the headphone jack is very handy also .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
it s worth noting the inside of the plastic is partially lined with felt .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i was extremely happy and i can t wait to get a new one !  !  !  !  .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
these are great sizes !  they range from num_num cup to num_num cups .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
this item is great and much cheaper than buying it at best buy .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
i purchased the case ,  and found it similar to past otterbox cases .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
it is a much better than my jabra headset which cost nearly twice the price .
a good bronze color and is a heavy metal .
it s good construction hard to get the headphones in and out .
they are comfortable and don t feel like plastic and are not stiff .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
these items are very heavy and well constructed .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
i love the adjustable blades but the gasket makes it hard to clean .
it is thin not bulky and the dimensions are precise .
it took about a week to come in but it was worth the wait .
look for a refurbished model and the price becomes almost reasonable .
i make my own dog treats and these help with proper portion control .
otherwise ,  it makes a great cup of coffee num_extend stars .  .  .  . problem solved .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i opened it up and it was beautiful .
being able to wear around your neck is very handy .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
it s a simple knife that does what it is supposed to .
i did the same thing for years with my xm radio and actually prefer this method .
have always like this brand of kettle which has a nice loud whistle .
i plugged it in and the lights came on and everything powered up perfectly .
i would have liked the cord to be a little longer ,  but it works .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i like the way it adjusts for different angled windshields .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
its as good as the regular samsung battery that came with the phone .
these are good replacements for all my plastic containers which i have since gotten rid of .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
it also allows for charging provided you connect to the usb port or purchase an adaptor .
these works well ,  but the handles are so big ,  you could use two hands .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
the charge is good and don t take forever .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
the screen is bright for almost all places except under direct sunlight .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i connected the charger to the cigarette lighter in my car and it worked fine .
i will keep experimenting but for now it looks better than it functions .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
this thing works so well i have to turn the volume down .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
it is a little big for my hands ,  but it works .
it doesn t always work that way ,  but it s a good plan .
it came out very fast and the texture was nice .
this is a better size than the normal num_num cup pot .
this is the first carpet cleaner i have ever owned and i am sorta happy with it .
very inexpensive price for a good protector !  got it fairly quickly .
i love that it has a permanent filter .
it s amazing to see all that dirt flow up and know it had been in the carpet .
i wouldn t say it exactly looks good though .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
i use it at least once a day .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i like the fact that it s not bulky .
oh ,  and let s not forget how great it looks .
i use this every day to keep up with the pet hair and it does a good job .
i would recommend this to anyone that has neck or shoulder discomfort while sleeping ,  it works for me .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
but it does work well ,  at times slips out of place .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i was also happy that i didn t have to assemble it !  well worth the money !  .
the best part is it was only like $
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
multipoint technology to pair with more than one device .
probably helps to brown the bottom and keeps it from sticking .
i wanted it for my car ,  but works well in the house also .
it saved me from buying a new phone !  .
i used it in the salton and left it for about num_num hours and it came out perfect .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
meets my needs although i would have liked to have an even bigger bag .
i cannot make any claims to accuracy ,  but they have worked well in my baking .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
wish it has polished stainless steel handles and lid but for the price .  .  . it s a great pan .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
it does sort of look inexpensive and it is really small .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
it wasn t piping hot but it was still hot enough to enjoy .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i found them on amazon at a more reasonable price .
came in a generic box ,  but packaged well .
it has a soft rubber like feel and its light weight and simple .
it is well made and durable but does not appear it would stand a drop .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i bought num_num and find them very useful .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
some are older models and some are brand new .
i had to find a decent one to use on the stove top .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
received it on time and if i needed it again i would buy it .
it s too small to do much with ,  but i think it s great for making one egg .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
it holds a charge pretty well; i use it about two days before i have to charge it again .
charges and holds a charge just like the battery that came with the phone .
it makes excellent coffee quickly and then shuts itself off shortly after the brewing cycle is over .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
it is small ,  but it will work fine for steaming vegetables for one person .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
it s not thin ,  just a nice weighted feel without being too heavy .
i paid $ for it and think that that is a fair price .
the original was no longer available but this new trent num_extend looked great .
i am not a phone dropper but i love to have a nice phone .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
great charger for num_num devices and i haven t had any problems so far num_extend now .
i paid $ for this puppy and i really like the weight and feel .
it has a handy little led flashlight in it that i use quite a bit .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
and you can pair the headset with more than one device .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i strongly recommend spending the little extra money and getting the anker name ,  the two batteries ,  and the charger .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
it is a good price too ,  its too bad others aren t getting the right or same product .
after i bought a new one i found it .
i don t know what more to say other than it is worth its price .
but for me it was a low cost charger and works perfect with my samsung num_extend
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
already dropped the phone and its all good ,  it saved this iphone .
they re made of metal though !  that surprised me  :  .
they don t stick perfectly  some bubbles and lose edge  but they stay on very well and are reusable .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
very nice mixer !  addition :  this mixer broke the gearing inside at about the fourth use .
the holster is a little stiff at first but after a week is easily a one hand operation .
great case ,  battery lasts for days before i have to recharge it .
we are complete vegans and grain is a an important part of our daily diet .
i used it on my ipad while using the ipad itself ,  and it worked great .
very good product wish it didnt cost so much .
i found this on amazon and thought i would buy it .
colors vary a bit from the pictures but other than that fits great and does the job .
i needed a way of playing my iphone audio on my car stereo and this was a great choice .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
purchased it as a gift but ended up keeping it for myself .
i think i will get a bigger one too .
i was able to smooth it up with a piece of fine emery cloth .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
my favorite is the jawbone for clarity of conversation but this one for staying on your ear .
there s not much protection to this case ,  but it looks good .
it s lasted a good long while for me as well .
i find it more useful to use the volumn button on the phone .
the wood handle feels nice and sturdy; definitely not flimsy .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
i needed a car charger for my new iphone and this fits the bill .
it only adds slightly more bulk to the phone while providing excellent protection against drops and scratches .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
identical to the battery it came with and does the job .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this works well to keep soap dry and not have so much mess to clean up .
it gives substance to such a small phone .
this also has a remote which is a very nice feature .
this unit is a bit quicker and pulls a vacuum better .
best suited in case your phone does not have a very good speaker facility .
they recommend that the beans not be overly oily as to not gum up the works .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
needed to be able to charge all my batteries at once and this does the trick .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i was happy to receive this product ,  since i had been considering buying one for awhile .
i was afraid the quality of plastic was going to be lacking but it s actually very good quality .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i got this tripod to take videos with my samsung galaxy num_extend
surprised i got a brand specific charger for a low price .
so even though it s not hot hot ,  it s still much warmer .
i like it because i dont really use the phone very much  :   .
my microwave is num_num years old and doesn t have a turning table but this microwave turntable works great .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i got the black one and i m very happy with it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this is a must have for all you healthy eaters .
i also like that it can go into the dishwasher .
i like it because i dont really use the phone very much  :   .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
destroyed one side of my cutting board with this exquisite device .
i have noticed a little dulling of the blades but still works great .
mine did not come with a recipe ,  like others talk about ,  but i found a recipe that i like .
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
it was much larger than expected and very weighty .  .  . sure it will get the job done right !  .
wish it broke down for storagev a little better but otherwise a nice product that does the job .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
i was happy with it ,  to a degree ,  but i wanted something with a greater capacity .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
this is usable ,  but not perfect for me .
will love to use them and find out how good they really are .
and even nicer that it has a remote .
it s worth noting the inside of the plastic is partially lined with felt .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
i got my pot which is made in china for $
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i ve used this several times over past year and it works .
i would give this five stars !  good price and good protection .
it is reportedly sturdier ,  but also even bigger and bulkier .
i forgot to charge it ,  end the battery lasted for almost a week !  !  !  !  i highly recommend it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it also includes a option to feed sound to your aux input .
i have larger hands which are also strong .
it works very well ,  but my cultural prejudice makes me uncomfortable with the shape .
this is real heavy duty and can take a lot of squeezing .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i think its working good but i m not sure how to measure .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
the material is a little cheap but other than that i love it .
i was hesitant to buy given some of the reviews ,  but it seems to work well .
someone gifted one to me later so now i use it .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
it has not molded at all and it even feels nice .
really cute case ,  but extrremely hard to take off .
these glasses don t come across as high quality ,  but on the other hand ,  they are great for the price .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
just bought this one because the filters were cheap and it is a popular item .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
it s sharp and doesn t remove an excessive amount of peel .
i was surprised by the size when it arrived .
i love the discreetness of the headphone ,  people can t even tell you have headphones on .
i ve had this one num_num months and it s been perfect so far .
putting it together is a little bit tedious ,  but very doable with patience .
i am a person that is not necessarily the gadget geek ,  but i do love new toys .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
came in a generic box ,  but packaged well .
it s frigging annoying ,  but again ,  still worth it  .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it holds a good amount of liquid and isn t easy to tip over .
it has a beltclip ,  and the flap closure is magnetic .
it is light ,  but you can tell by the feel its quality .
i got this as a back up in case something needs replacing .
i m normally the sweetened creamer guy but this stuff ,  though strong ,  is so good you can drink without sweetener .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
i bought this product due to all the other high reviews .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
this unit is sturdy ,  yet flexible for adjustments and sticks well to my windshield .
provides decent protection but if you drop your phone a lot go with the stronger model .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
while that works fine ,  it just feels a little weird and loose ,  even though it s not . the sound is fantastic .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
these are smooth and comfortable and have no taste .
i ve only had this a couple days but so far so good .
the light on the charger is nice to see when the batteries are done charging at a glance .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
it is so sharp it actually requires less pressure than my smaller knives to cut .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i bought these as a gift at christmas time .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
it is the best coffee maker i ve had . update april ,  num_extend i replaced this with a keurig last year .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
it still isn t right but it works fine .
i will buy another when the time comes .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
when i found it on amazon ,  i bought it immediately .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
this has been a great pitcher for filtered water .
a good buy for a replacement or backup .
i m so glad i bought this accessory lens .
still freezes up every once in awhile but really good phone .
i am not sure if they are genuine samsung or not but they do generate good sound .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this knife is great ,  with just a couple of drawbacks .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
we make these once a week at least .
i ve actually had this one for num_extend now ,  and had the same exact one earlier and it was perfect .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
additionally ,  this headset works great as a simple pair of headphones should you choose to use in that capacity .
it came with a charge on it ,  and my phone started up right away .
doesn t push up the screen protector around the edges  awesome product !  !  !  .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
this item is great for my phone !  i started out buying the num_num case ,  now i have the num_extend
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
i got one of those in the early num_extend as a christmas gift .
i ve had mine for a year and it works perfectly .
good deal for the price i payed for it .
i like them better than hooks for many items .
easy to use if you follow the simple instructions .
but is is an amazingly healthy and filling very lowfat snack .
now instead of too snug ,  it s just right .
it helps evenly bake as my oven doesn t do a great job on it s own .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
they don t recommend this but it works just fine .
cheap , solid , kickstand ,  easily removable ,  protects lenses cant see in picture but lenses are below the cases cover line  and not bulky .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
it came well packaged and works just as they say .
i found one that does fit the battery on amazon .
nice quality but not quite as heavy or thick as our older ones we replaced .
i was a bit hesitant based on some of the reviews but honestly found this product very useful .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
many excellent reviews ,  so i went for it .
the case is not too bulky yet protects the phone very well .
product is good ,  lightweight you wont notice it after about num_num minutes .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the coffee is more robust and i don t have to worry about burning it out .
good enough ,  but hardly what i d call great .
i like that it is stainless as i have concerns about aluminum and health .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it sounds like cheap piece of junk but does a good fast job .
i had to buy another one . i liked the features that this one promised so i ordered it .
i haven t used it but hope it will be great .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
got this to have a backup for my phone in case i need it .
it s made of a rubbery plastic ,  much harder than the silicone ones but still providing good grip .
completely worth the $ price tag that i paid for it .
sometimes it s great to have tools you just don t have to worry about .
otherwise ,  it makes a great cup of coffee num_extend stars .  .  .  . problem solved .
so such an inexpensive unit ,  really worth the money .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
having wasted my money on num_num previous pieces of junk ,  i am very impressed with this lux product .
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
i have got to get it together .   . great product .
it has a nice ammount of bass ,  wonderful for music .
i ve only had this product a day but so far its pretty cool .
worth getting it right once ,  the a year later replace as it gets worn ,  not your phone .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
great if you have a work phone and personal phone that you would like to pair it with .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
it s not a perfect solution ,  but it is a very good one .
i recently had to get a new iphone case for my iphone num_num and fortunately found this one .
a month after receiving it i found the original that i lost a year ago .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
i was pleasantly surprised to try this headset .
i love to julienne a lot of my vegetables but it can be a pain .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
i did extensive research before purchasing ,  and it was worth it .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it s easy to put on a rod and easy to use .
this pan is great for that ,  though it can get a bit smoky .
although they assured me that it should work well i remained skeptical but i got it anyway .
they are extremely lightweight and feel natural when worn .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
however ,  for the price i think it is acceptable .
i ve been using it for num_num months now and this thing is great .
i had one on and all the bubbles out in under num_num minutes ,  it was great .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i was so happy to be able to find an otterbox case for less than $
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
the phone feels heavy in a high quality way .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
i have the habbit of dropping my phone frequently and this case protects well and stays on great .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
this protector preserves image quality unlike the zagg and feels like its a naked screen .
always useful to have an extra battery on stand by because my phone would have issues with the battery .
this is a much better value than the other cheap chargers on amazon and ebay .
i considered it a good purchase for the money .
the holes are a bit too small for the camera but it s an easy fix .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
also interesting is that since its bluetooth you can project your phone calls through it too .
then i gave a couple to my family members as well ,  great buy ,  and wonderful price .
i needed a new charger and this one is great .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
it uses a max of num_num watts which is pretty good .
it s the protection you need for your device .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
the phone is well protected in case of an accidental drop .
it is not as bright as the picture but still stunning to me .
if you do a lot of texting and choose prepaid phone services ,  this is a great phone .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it does the job and its cheap so i like it .
camera takes incredible pictures in bright light but is brutal in low light situations .
the hose is very flexible and is made to last .
screen protectors are best if you don t know they re there .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i had no problems with this and found it easy to use . set up was easy .
they are not great ,  but based a very good value for the money .
i hope with the num_num being a bit longer it still looks proportionate .
sometimes you get what you pay for !  it also was packaged well for shipment .
the flat surface is great for silverware and other items you may need to lay flat .
i thought it was too good to be true at this price ,  but it is the real deal .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
i read all the reviews and this one seemed to be very promising .
it is easy to install with just num_num screws .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
they are plastic ,  but seem solid and well made .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
other than being too thin for my taste ,  they seemed very nice .
this is the third one i have purchased and they are great .
this is a high quality blender that is made to last .
the num_extend is a nice upgrade from the num_num mah model i purchased previously ,  due to the increased power .
it was hard to pay so much $ but in the end i am very happy with my purchase .
the cloth is very helpful in keep the protection clean .
i ordered these with some doubt in my mind because the price was so good .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
it resets to the last time used and is easy and quick to reset .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the batteries last two to three years so it pays to do it yourself .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
maybe order more of its kind in a different color in the near future .
however ,  it looks good ,  the rubberized feel is nice and it does the trick .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
i was also concerned that this pan would seem small ,  but it is nicely sized and attractive .
works like a champ ,  although i think the design looks a little silly .
very easy to put together and more importantly ,  comes apart just as quickly .
but i thought i would try it anyway ,  great price ya know .
they have great sound but i have to hold it in my ear .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
it will tell you the battery life level every time you turn it on .
for me having the headphone cables out of the picture is worth the drop in music quality .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
i wanted a good quality travel mug that would keep my tea warm hours after i poured it . mission accomplished .
this spoon is way bigger than i expected .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
it is retractable and charges your phone quick .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
i can t speak to the maintenance or dependability yet but so far it works extremely well .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
unfortunately ,  i ve dropped my phone a couple of times already and so far ,  so good .
the crust was crispy and the pizza was very good .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
esp with the extra num_num inches of depth this is a nice sized little unit .
so nice !  !  ! and the sound is not too loud .
bought this as a gift and am going to get one for myself .
the good thing is that i find a solution to this problem .
its strong enough to take a hit when you drop the phone .
it puts out quite a bit of pepper with each grind .
i haven t used it but hope it will be great .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
none have performed anywhere close to or as good as this one .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
it s nice to have my mophie juice pack as a back up .
it was also easy to get off of my phone which was a plus .
the chrome colored parts of this case are plastic ,  but the rest looks nice .
i got the purple which i like  kind of a light plum  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
they look nice even when they re not being used .
i have yet to find one that has that type of suction .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
i m from germany ,  so i know the wmf name brand stands for quality .
i ve had this coffee grinder for almost num_num years and it s terrific .
i would buy it again at this price .
this is one of the lowest cost burr grinders on the market .
wow !  !  what a vege brush !  this little brush has a comfortable feel .
and will update once that trial is done .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
a fun gadget that would make a nice little gift .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i bought a second pair for a friend after hearing the sound quality .
i was looking for one that would fit inside the other one i have and this did the trick .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
i got this so i could cut my fresh bread loaves a little more accurately .
they really help keep your screen from getting scratched .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
it didn t get heavy use ,  but certainly i feel that i got my money s worth .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
i was happy to find them on amazon because i haven t been able to find any in the stores .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
mine suffered a small melt at contact point on iron skillet ,  but still funcitions great .
you can disassemble the filter to clean it out  and i recommend you do every month or so .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
so much easier to just set your phone down and charge it .
i was afraid it was not going to be tall enough at first ,  but it s just fine .
this is a good product ,  non bleached filters .
you have to put some pretty good torque on it to get it to open .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
at the time i purchased it ,  it was at around num_num bucks ,  so it was an amazing value .
thought the case would be kind of flimsy ,  but it s pretty solid .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
sometimes it works fine without filling the filter all the way num_extend
but then i have a big head  : poverall i am quite pleased with it .
got this to replace my worn out model .
the integrated flashlight is not especially bright but serves the intended purpose .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
i ve had one of these for a couple of months and so far ,  so good .
they don t really protect your phone very much either but they are pretty and sparkly ,  exactly what i wanted .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
the vacuum has to be cleaned after every use but it saves time and effort .
it was a refurbished unit ,  but looks and works like new .
the camera lens was in great condition and popped right in !  .
i recommend replacing this when you purchase this maker new . purchased this back in august num_extend
like everyone says the tools suck . everything else in the kit is of excellent quality .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i can see why this gets such high reviews here on amazon !  .
radiant heaters warm your body directly ,  but ,  keep in mind ,  this one is very bright .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
i have found few uses for bags this small .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
that was my goal for cordless headphones ,  but i can t find a good pair .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
used this for the first time this morning and it worked well .
but for the price at which i bought it $ it was worth it .
the pros outweigh the cons on this one .
i was a bit skeptical at first ,  but was amazed about how well it cleaned my rugs  and floors  .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i did some research and bought this one .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
so far so good but it is a lot of maintenance involved .
i thought at num_num pounds it would not be heavy enough but it works just fine .
protected the screen well and kept it from being too scratched .
i was having problems with my phone when my hands were cold ,  this stylus works magic .
if you enjoy ice cream cold or frozen from the freezer this is the perfect scooper for you .
i have to say i bought this due to the good reviews .
i am giving it a good rating based on the performance up until it stopped working .
it s very quiet other than the inevitable white noise of the fan blades pushing the air .
it includes a micro usb cable that cleverly wraps into the charger .
i like the option to use either paper filters or the permanent gold filter that comes with the maker .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i recently purchased the num_extend and already love it .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
i ordered this charger for my husband and he loved it so much i got one for myself .
this is really a better product than i expected .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
it s dressy enough to wear with my suits and casual enough to wear with my jeans .
a great alternative to buying overpriced cables from apple .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
this is one of my favorite little products .
i have used the product for num_num years ,  still works like new .
it is pretty thin ,  which is perfect for me .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
even has cork on the back to keep from scratching your nice table !  .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
great buy !  !  !  even find myself using it !  !  !  yup .
it works so well i forget that i forget that its on the phone .
i found it much easier to watch a youtube video on how to put it on the phone .
for a low price this is a good toaster .
i like it but its not the best !  .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
it was a few years old and well used .
it s not for everything but it works well for certain types of cooking .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
my iphone num_extend from sprint looks great with this silicone case .
it s a great product and it s super sticky .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
some noticeable smells have been dramatically reduced and it certainly helped with allergies .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
this pen is actually a pen ,  and a nice pen at that .
the cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
this is a slim case that looks very cool on the phone .
the adjustable clips are the top and bottom are nice ,  as is the lock for the swivel .
i bought this one for my motorola razr .
got another one for back up and keep smooth blade in one and the serrated blade in the other .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
even though it has outdated software; it does work great and does what is expected from it .
it also blocks out background noise as well .
it s small and convenient for use by one person .
i bought two of these several months ago and found that i could use a third .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
i ve bought two of these in the last couple of years .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
came in a generic box ,  but packaged well .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i still have one from two decades ago but it was time to replace with a fresh look .
it stretches enough to snap into place and stay on snugly .
this was an inexpensive case and easy to order .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
for the price i paid its worth the money .
so this is a great little bag for my son to use .
i ve had two of those for almost num_num years and so far so good .
after a few hoursof charging the juice pack plus battery pack is working great .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
can t rely on the cordless during a power outage so this give you what you need .
it arrived in excellent packaging and protectors with great tools  many people say to avoid plastic tools .
has the belt loop for no lose situations  ,  clip is nice and snug also .
i needed something light weight but something that would also hold its edge and the knife certainly does .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
this is a good battery ,  but it was the second replacement battery i got for the same phone .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
not too great of a product but looks great .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
i bought this in num_num and still use it .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
i bought this one because it has the heater .
from new carpet that looks clean . great for pets ,  kids ,  messy husbands . does well on my wood floor .
for $ they have a cheap plasticy feeling but they re comfortable enough for me especially for the price .
maybe they changed the design or something ,  but mine is definitely white .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
this adds a subtle ,  yet different ,  flavor to the homemade noodles .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i have a samsung mesmerize and the cover fits great .
i used it on the bad areas of the carpet and they looked great .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
fits regular battery with a case on the phone also .
wide enough for my big self to stand securely  this is nicely wide  ,  num_extend
well ,  a month or so ago ,  i bought a scale on amazon which i love .
overall the product is a good product ,  but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies .
it can get quite hot so keep that in mind .
very reasonably priced !  cannot find these in the stores .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
didn t have anything to lose so i bought it ,  and it has really surprised me .
airbake is so much better for keeping cookies soft on the bottom !  not so many burned edges .
good solid tenderizer ,  it has some weight to it  be sure not to drop it on your toes  .
i liked this case a lot and still do but it doesn t fit my new phone .
i got this for my laundry room to hold powder detergent .
my battery used to always die on me so upgrading to the extended battery was great .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i really liked that it didn t smudge or get dirty with use over time .
finally we got it after ordering twice and waiting almost two months .
not only great for breakfast meats ,  pancakes and home fries .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
after about three months ,  it still looks like new .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
they are pretty and exactly the right size so i am giving them num_num stars .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i compared this with the other name brand  external batteries  ,  and this one is much better ,  hands down .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
they may not be bose ,  but they fit my purpose fine .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i did cook with it on a few occasions and it worked just fine .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
the light is just right ,  not too bright .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
port plugs fit perfectly although did have some difficulty inserting the headphone plug properly at first .
i got this lid to use it for my pan .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i have a chronic coughing and the venta helped me to ease the problem .
for two reasons ,  price and it has the ability to make tea and coffee .
it does allow for the versatility of using a small wireless unit as source .
i bought this along with many other parts when i was rebuilding a droid incredible .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
if you choose to leave it on ,  the noise is fairly low and actually kind of pleasant .
overall it s a good case for the low low price .
great for the price !  i got it for num_num something i think .
it s great for storing homemade pizza dough overnight in the fridge .
i love to fill it with a hearty helping of vegan chili !  .
if smaller is what you are looking for this is a good buy .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
purchases to fit my iphone num_num and it was wonderful .
i paid roughly $ cdn which was alot of money but ,  it was definately worth it .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
this is a must if like me you dislike using those bluetooth earpieces .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
i was so glad to find these and at a reasonable price .
good protection for the screen so i don t worry about putting the phone in my pocket with keys .
well worth the $ i spent on it .
i ve owned this external battery for num_num weeks and so far it has exceeded my expectations .
headset is nice compact and fairly strong but ear pieces dont hug the head well .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
this charger is good enough to charge an iphone num_num about num_num times .
i like it much better than the ear bud things i ve used .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
nice weight to them ,  and they are tall .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
i got the phone refurbished for a little over half the original price with a case and screen protector .
so nice !  !  ! and the sound is not too loud .
the ear piece section is very flexible and at first feels a little funny to put on .
i got it on ebay for % off amazons price .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
most of the other reviews are reasonably accurate .
i got one of those in the early num_extend as a christmas gift .
i was delighted to come across this one for so cheap  under $
the quality of the product is second to none .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
new battery is way better for being new .
it is especially good at making dense dog treats for my sussex spaniel .
exactly what i wanted ,  with the exception of the size .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
having two usb ports is a plus when you have more than one device which needles a charge .
i have noticed a little dulling of the blades but still works great .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
it s actually easier to use than the charging cable .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
i purchased the white version ,  it so nice ,  light and easy to use .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
works just as good as a water filter ,  but the cost is substantially cheaper .
i paid significantly more for this but i love it .
it s a lot better than it says it is .
also it s fun to plug a mouse into it and control your phone with a mouse .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i strongly recommend spending the little extra money and getting the anker name ,  the two batteries ,  and the charger .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i don t know how it s gonna turn out in the long run ,  but so far ,  so good .
this makes the incredible thinner and lighter num_extend ounces compared to the droid s num_num ounces  .
i can t know how it s going to hold up at this point ,  but it appears very sturdy .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
much better than the nails i used before .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i get a good strong cup with a bit more than half filled coffee .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
this light is seriously bright !  it lights up the whole room .
i was surprised that it actually looked better and is smaller than i expected .
but its good fro price as a backup battery .
ok ,  so that s the best stuff about it .
unless you are a real coffee snob this is a good and reasonably priced coffee machine .
had difficult installing but it s a great product .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
very easy to clean and i m sure they ll hold up for years to come .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it looks good ,  several times people have mistaken it for an iphone .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
the latest software update brings swype to evo handsets .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
years ago when my kids were little i had a dryer and loved it .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i ve had trouble with others in the past but this one works really well .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
that was my first attempt ever at mayonnaise ,  and it was easy ,  which was amazing .
i have had mine for well over a year now .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
i didn t find it to be as great on hard floors ,  but it worked well on carpeted ones .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
it s inexpensive and if you aren t hard on your iphone ,  this is the product for you .
so even though it s not hot hot ,  it s still much warmer .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this product is exceptional to say the least .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
also come in a nice little pouch for storage .
it was hard to pay so much $ but in the end i am very happy with my purchase .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
much better than those heavy thick plates that chip easily .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
i bought this in num_num and still use it .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
i bought a second pair for a friend after hearing the sound quality .
if you re going to get one  and you should spurge a little and get a nice one .
the device is easy to use and all parts needed present .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
i ve had this about a month and use it often .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
good product ,  a little heavier than it needs to be .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
much better than i d expected for the price .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
works fine ,  though i wish i had bought a larger size .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
it works fine ,  although i had some doubts .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
it is large enough to hold a lot of equipment .
these glasses don t come across as high quality ,  but on the other hand ,  they are great for the price .
the setup is tricky and can be a pain ,  but when you re done ,  it pays off .
the best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water ,  it still works .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
i used an epoxy to put it back together and it is fine .
if you have a num_extend or num_extend this battery is really worth the price of admission .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
i am not a phone dropper but i love to have a nice phone .
great product ,  hoever it is too bulkuy and big .
probably not good for people with young children; but otherwise they are great .
it is fast and phone comes in and out without being difficult .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
with the amazon price and delivery if your dinc needs a new battery this is the way to go !  .
i have had this for three months and it works well .
the usb port works great for simultaneous charging with the phone .
i got this to replace my original battery .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
my eyes have also improved and they aren t so runny when i wake up in the morning .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
they make good machines but not good liquid cleaner .
what i have found so far was a tasty cup of coffee with no bitterness .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
this is cheap but looks so sleek and form factor of the build is good .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
the first day i seen a huge difference in the battery life .
this stuff is so good ,  can t believe it .
its good but not great considering what else is available at this price point .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
always wanted one and i used it for the first time for thanksgiving .
i purchased it for my samsung galaxy note num_extend and it works well .
the ipad screen recognizes it has if it is my fingers on the screen and works with ease .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
cheap , solid , kickstand ,  easily removable ,  protects lenses cant see in picture but lenses are below the cases cover line  and not bulky .
i did not need it right away but really was surprised how quick it arrived !  awesome !  .
this is the second type of clear screen protector i ve tried on my iphone ,  and it s fantastic .
the music is pretty clear and can get decently loud  i listen to music pretty loudly  .
kind of a bummer in that respect ,  but the dishes are great .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
i actually enjoyed having that white noise in the background .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
they all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend !  .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
got this to have a backup for my phone in case i need it .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i opened it up and in a plastic sealed bag was a very attractive case .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
they aren t to delicate; have a nice weight and thickness .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
the rubber part is smooth unlike other ones ive purchased elsewhere .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
this new battery looks the same and works just as well as the original one .
it works well and does bacon nicely . i have not used it for pancakes ,  it may be awkward for those .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this num_num ounce size is a pretty good volume for daily use .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
it was still good but didn t work as well . overall ,  this is a very good product .
i also purchased a good sharpener to keep my knives sharp .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
thick high quality plastic covered in thick high quality rubber .
the holster is a little stiff at first but after a week is easily a one hand operation .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
they are durable bags good for holding single serving sizes of things .
it has a nice taste on popcorn and is regarded as being a little healthier than ordinary table salt .
i liked it and used it so much that it finally  died  .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
helps out a lot being wireless connects to my num_extend with ease .
although the design isn t my favorite the quality of the product is what matters most .
i generally like zyliss products and added this one to my kitchen .
it s only been a week ,  so i hope it lasts a good while .
a great product even though made in china .
i like the physical feel of a qwerty keyboard .
we recently got my husband these for organizing his shoes for father s day .
love it !  i needed a backup battery when the one in my phone died .
i knew both of these things before i bought it ,  but it was still a bit of a surprise .
i thought it would smooth out with use and it has .
buy one of these and do your own .
it is a useful device rather than a fun device .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
he has a stuffy room with no cross ventilation and these fans help quite a bit .
after breaking num_num glass french presses i finally found this .
this is the best bluetooth device i ve tried .
use the windows version . the tilt screen for one is much more useful than you might expect .
overpriced though ,  for my opinion ,  but looks and feels good and does what it should .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
leaving it connected will continue to add charge .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
a must have in the kitchen if you bake a lot .
you will find you have to give it a clean up now and again ,  cause it loves cookie crumbs .
this turned out to be a christmas gift for someone .
ignore the guy who broke his phone .  .  . this is a very good phone .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
happy to have this item as i travel .
serve with a little butter ,  sugar ,  and cinnamon ,  it s heaven . oatmeal : this is my personal favorite .
this is a great product ,  but arrived very very very late .
i found this much easier to clean after use than my royal .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i bought this for my iphone num_extend and it worked like a charm .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
i haven t gotten to use it much ,  but what use it s had so far ,  it s great !  .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
the reviews on this were a little mixed ,  but i took a shot . it was a good bet .
plus i got four items for the price of one .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
it is the best method for a dying battery to have an extra in your case .
no problems ,  easy to clean use and fits well in my toaster oven .
purchased this to use when running with my motorola photon .
this kit is a reasonable alternative to buying these much needed tools for canning individually .
i love this phone and my next phone will also be an android phone .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
these things are great if you are not very good a soldering small wires .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
it is a time tested product that just works .
i had lost my original charger and this one works perfectly .
this can t compare to an otterbox but it s worth the $ i spent for it .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
i use these to hang up my boots in my closet ,  and this works great .
if you have a cuisinart ice cream maker ,  this accessory is essential .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
i decided to buy these .  .  . these are good pair of samsung headphones for my samsung galaxy prevail .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i hope to find more reasonably priced ,  well made products made in the us !  .
i have had it for over a year ,  and it still looks like new .
i make several pies at one time ,  and this works well to conserve freezer space .
the silver is nicely built with a matte finish .
i highly recommend it and i am buying a num_extend unit .
it is as pictured and the graphics are eye catching .
i bought this to use at the gym while listening to music .
this product was exactly what i needed !  it had everything in place and works like the original .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
they seems expensive  few bucks a pop  but are worth it .
this grinder is so much better than the blade grinder we used to own .
i had it roughly for about num_num months and worked great on a couple of road trips .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
am a strong believer in pressure cookers and have used them for many years .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
for the price you can t beat this item .
i had a protective cover on the phone which made it even bigger .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
the handle is a tad skimpy but it works well enough to get the job done well .
i needed something lightweight for everyday and these really fit the bill .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
got a couple of these as stocking stuffers for the kids .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
was tired of a long cord in my car and this works perfect .
i let the pan cool and cleaned it out really good .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i went with the comments of the other reviewers ,  and they seem to be right .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
much better than the motorola num_extend that i also own .
i wish they d just make it solid and put the rubber on the solid part .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
the seasoning is good but things still can stick to it on the bottom .
now i know that i don t have to spend a lot of money to get something nice and cute !  .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i was honestly surprised by the sound quality of the speaker .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it is actually darker and then lighter depending on the light .
i loved it right up to the point my dog ate it .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
i like that it is stainless as i have concerns about aluminum and health .
any car charger will not give out too much power but it does the job .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it is a snug fit and never comes loose or fall off .
this turned out to be a christmas gift for someone .
i love robust black coffee ,  and use my coffeemaker at least twice a day .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it doesn t get stuck around the lid like a traditional plastic bottle ,  and makes dispensing easy and clean .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
i don t have any complains with this product ,  highly recommended .
on a few occasions it was finicky about connecting to the phone but generally works fine .
hard to figure out  ,  but it fit the phone .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
the little spoon that is included is kind of funy .
now my great review is not so amazing .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i did reorder the correct one and i love it .
i bought this coffee maker a couple of years ago .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
plantronics did offer to replace it at no cost however which was great news . the second one is absolutely great .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
it s great ,  i love it ,  but the handle is too short for my liking .
anyway ,  i made up a huge batch of frenchie potatoes and they were magnificent .
this headset is pretty good at dimming the din and making the conversation almost bearable .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
it does well with heavy contents being carried on it .
love the oxo spoon spatulas and have several of the .
the little piece that fits into the charging dock doesn t fit too great ,  but overall the product is great .
that s a great deal because i got it for num_extend
needed some gloves that weren t too bulky to use for work and these fit great .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
bring the water a good hot boil then put the top part on with the coffe .
i was surprised at how quickly the oven heated .
i like my tea ,  and am picky about what brand and flavors i have .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
the screen protector does what it does and lasts for quite a while .
does fine in the dishwasher and cleans up fine after using it with a little scrubbing .
for the price i couldn t believe this was so great .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
can t rely on the cordless during a power outage so this give you what you need .
the meat tenderizer is great for making beef jerky .
these work great for my polk num_extend speaker set .
the blade is thin so it cuts through ,  but is very strong .
i think this helps the flavor of the coffee .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
so ,  when i saw this one ,  i was very happy to order it ,  to replace my worn out one .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
sound quality is pretty good ,  noise reduction could be better .
it has protected my phone when i ve dropped it .
they are not great ,  but based a very good value for the money .
but since we got the first one for the living room we added one more to the bedroom .
i love it and i have yet need to replace the screen protector i used from this product .
i love how easy these are to use ,  and that they come with a little cleaning cloth .
sizes are good .  .  . small ,  medium ,  and large  i use the medium most .  .  . wish there were four of those instead two  .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
i find myself using it all the time and it is a dream to clean .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
it s got a nice grippy texture without being overly rubbery .
got for use in the rv around the stove area to help keep the area cleaner .
this knife is so good ,  it feels dangerous .
we decided to get this pan to complement the set .
amazing color and works great ,  a lot better than other ones i have ordered on amazon recently .
i had to paint around it to black it out and it still shines through some .
i replaced a broken screen on a num_extend and it worked great .
i have several others in different colors and patterns .
great product ,  i was expecting the large one to be slightly larger .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
the screen protector helped keep it cleaner and it looked okay .
i tried hand washing the separator ,  but found it much easier and cleaner to run it through the dishwasher .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
this product was perfect for what i needed .  .  . drying meat ,  fruits and veggies .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
very good i had minor bubbles i just squeeze out with the thing they give .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
they were extremely nice ,  and sent me a replacement right away .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
once again i m happy with a purchase from amazon .
i got the winter white with kickstand for my white num_extend
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
with it being so soft it is fairly stretchy .
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
they are very solid products including this one .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
granted i ve only had this case for a few days ,  but i really like it so far .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
it s great because you don t have a big cord hanging out all over the place .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
the best part is it was only like $
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
although made of lightweight plastic it seems durable .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
great product the only thing is i can t tell when you need to charge it .
a nice phone for talk and text and you don t need a data package .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
two hours later it was good to go .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
i would also recommend buying a spare battery so you have power whenever you need it .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
if you re looking to make a standard size cup of coffee ,  you ll get one cup out of each serving . enjoy !  .
the seller was very prompt with shipping it ,  and i got it much faster than i expected .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
bowl also makes a good serviing bowl for other purposes .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
much better than the nails i used before .
it is one of the coolest toy i ve ever had .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
but other than that ,  it s a good little machine .
highly recommend if you have a battery drain issue .
pros : definitely ,  the most powerful vacuum i ve ever used .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
a surprise is that it takes more veggies or fruits to create a certain amount of juice .
this item works very well for my cell phone and blue tooth .
i recommend this case for someone who wants a durable case for their iphone .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
also like that it is adjustable for different size cans .
there isn t much to say other than this product works great .
its a great alternative to my air popper ,  which i love ,  but hate the noise at times .
not an ipad !  they re inexpensive and work great .
besides it has a nice look and feel .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
i had no idea what i was doing but it worked out really well .
they only last about a year ,  but they re a terrific value at the price .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
this britta filter is amazing !  i am having hard trouble with chlorine smell in my drinking water .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
they are small but are the size i wanted .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
this definately comes in handy when your not at home and your phone it dying .
scoured a lot of stores and of course i found what i neded on amazon .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
it makes that food taste fabulous with nothing added .
i ve had it for several months and it still looks like new .
also it can also make the items liquidy .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
to the touch it doesn t feel sturdy ,  but it holds up your baked goods well .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i have quite a few oxo products and have always been pleased with them .
after spending some time looking at reviews on the internet i decided that it might be worth it .
it is a little bulky but it is worth it .
another thing i ll add is that it looks pretty cool in sunlight .
it s pretty small ,  make sure the size is right for you .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
doesn t provide a lot of protection ,  but it s a nice color and has a good feel to it .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i even got one for my wife s iphone .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
so i thought this would help me and him .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i figured this to be true of this product as well .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
i had to get a new blade for it ,  which was super expensive ,  but it still works great .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
got them for like a little bit over a $
i got this one for a good deal with the free shipping .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
it has a great weight ,  not too heavy but not too light either .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i wear this holster % of the time and have noproblems ,  very sturdy .
they are light ,  small and deliver decent sound and it s great with the cell phone .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this well priced replacement battery was exactly what i was looking for !  it holds a charge well .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
appears to be a durable product ,  unlike other inexpensive units .
meets my needs although i would have liked to have an even bigger bag .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
it is important to clean this out once in a while ,  perhaps once a month or two .
these are solid ,  heavy crackers that should stand up to the hardest walnut or the biggest lobster .
my phone has been dropped many times and still works this is a good case .
i got this for my nexus num_num when traveling .
i think they will last a long time .
i got this good review at amazon so i decide to buy one .
so far so good ,  however ,  if that changes i will update .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
i will buy again when i need it .
small size means it is easy to num_extend
fits well ,  even with sync cable and earbuds .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
this would be the perfect sifter if it was small enough for me to hold comfortably in one hand .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
its a must have if you don t get the bigger battery with a bigger back .
very durable and sturdy; much better than those that are much less expensive and cheaply made .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
works well ,  had it on for a couple months .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
great way to dry out your dish towel .
overall ,  this seems to do a decent job .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
alot of dust get in those spots . the attached screen protector is neat .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
use it to whip your eggs into shape !  .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
great if you don t want you phone scratched up .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
these are made very well but not that well .
the cord is short ,  as others have mentioned ,  but an extension cord is an easy fix .
it is bright ,  sharp ,  and displays num_extend colors .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
this was a birthday gift to one of my granddaughters .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
this item also was a good battery backup source .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
they were nice ,  and they sent me replacement screws for free !  i had them in two days !  .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
these are great glasses other than the mislabling this time .
it does sort of look inexpensive and it is really small .
it puts out a light spray and adds just the right amount of that delicious olive oil taste .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
the usb is a plus because can also charge other items such as the ipad .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
will buy another one if i have to .
quality product at a very good price ,  just what i ve come to expect from amazon .
i love these ,  have bought other brands and they break in a few months .
i bought this because of all the good reviews after having read all the cautious reviews .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i ordered this to add to my collection .
the sound quality is amazing ,  except for the lows .
perfect size for treats or kibble for small dog breed .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
it seems very sturdy for someone like myself who drops things extremely often .
this is a high quality skillet but can break like any cast iron skillet if it dropped during shipment .
as long as you don t need num_extend this is a great phone .
griffin technology num_num amp powerjolt dual micro for iphone and ipod  black  . great and works as intended .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
i cant believe i could replace my old one at such a great price !  .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
it heats up fairly quickly for the price point .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
will recommend buying this if you want to have a phone without a case .
it is a snug fit and never comes loose or fall off .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
it looks exactly like the oem battery that came with my phone ,  and works just as well too .
these work perfectly for those pie crusts that need pre baking .
it is also bagless ,  which i found is actually good point as it keeps this vacuum light and small .
i wash them by hand ,  don t own a dishwasher ,  so that may help but they re still perfectly straight .
chose this product because of its apple certification and the length .
besides ,  replacing a battery is a lot of hassle . i liked the shape and how it fits in my hand .
i bought two of those and although cheap ,  the quality is very good .
i was so happy when i received these .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
i got the following brush that works good . espresso supply grinder brush ,  num_extend
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
until i cracked  or think i did  the glass ,  it worked perfectly .
i found it much more comfortable to wear and easier to use .
for the price and value you can t beat this pan .
these are strong and hold bags closed tight .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
i am impressed that they can be so inexpensive .
though difficult to push ,  this cleaner made my carpet look new .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
it seals really well ,  almost too well as prying the lids of the jars is sometimes really hard .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
this protective case is made of a very flexible clear plastic material .
spend a few dollars more and get the bigger model ,  it is well worth it .
was a little hesitant to purchase this ,  but it is well worth the investment .
great product much bigger then what you expect .
i got one of those in the early num_extend as a christmas gift .
i still made it work for me just not in the way i intended .
worth the price to have an extra cable when traveling .
i let the pan cool and cleaned it out really good .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
i bought this as a backup before they quit making them and the price is quite reasonable ,  too .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
used whole milk and the yogurt was the best i ve had .
the base is heavy ,  which is a good sign .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
i have one pan that is now discolored ,  but it still works well and is sturdy and reliable .
i drop this phone every once in a while and it still works .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i got this as an upgrade to a smart phone from a plan old phone .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
it saved me from having to start over .
this is a great product !  one thing i was sure wouldn t be good was the little connector pieces .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
it is inexpensive enough that you don t overly mind losing one or two .
now i just have to find a lid to fit it s large size !  !  .
in the hand ,  the charger is very light .
didn t give much protection but it did look nice !  .
i also might try awesome at the dollar store which many claim works well too .
this was a nice little kit with num_num pieces in one purchase .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i got it on ebay for % off amazons price .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
i d happily pay more for a really well made version of this .
felt sturdy while using and i did not have any problems with this item .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
i use the usb mostly and it works great .
if you choose to leave it on ,  the noise is fairly low and actually kind of pleasant .
the pot heats up quickly and retains heat surprisingly well .
not ! as far as the pan ,  it s a great pan .
i ve had this cdn digital unit now for about num_num yrs now ,  and it has worked fine .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
it is true that the phone is a bit slick and i was afraid i d drop it .
i bought this for my dad because the one i got num_num years ago still works perfectly .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
i wouldn t ant to do an entire laundry basket full ,  but for a few items it s great .
my bulky sneakers and dress shoes all fit with relative ease .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
it s not % splatter proof ,  but it s good .
i am hoping to find a product just as nice when i upgrade my phone !  !  .
it may be priced cheap but can it get the job done .
overall a nice case ,  and much better than the cheap ,  soft ,  plastic one we purchased prior to this one .
this is one product i will be ordering again !  !  !  .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this num_extend hits the sweet spot for me .
however ,  there s some metal within each clip which makes them really nice and sturdy .
they did get right back to me and did get the correct one out right away .
it has a nice feel to it and is wide enough so it doesn t feel like a toy .
it did a good job ,  with two small design flaws .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
but then i have a big head  : poverall i am quite pleased with it .
they kept my screen nice and scratch free .
these work on both my new ipad and our iphones .
i got this for my chef in training daughter .
the handles are not as sturdy as they look ,  but so far ,  so good .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
just needed an extra charger and this does the job .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the color is a little bit lighter than that purple .
have had mine for num_num months and it is working out well .
let s hope it lasts more than a year .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
yesterday we made vanilla ice cream ,  and it was delicious .
it s good ,  i have no complaints . they aren t spectacularly comfortable .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
the vacuum has to be cleaned after every use but it saves time and effort .
for the price ,  the quality can t be beat .
i got a good deal when buying num_num packs of this .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
great little case !  i had this case on my iphone num_extend for about a year .
otterbox case for num_extend is a great protector but may be a little bulky for some people s taste .
ha yeah ,  pyrex is awesome .  .  . solid thick quality glass ! this measuring cup is just what i needed it to be .
the cover is made of good quailty see through plastic .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
if i want top audio sound i have head phones for that !  but these are great !  get them .
i do not like the ones with no handles so this is great !  .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
it tells you that in the product directions .
but the phone is still sturdy in the mount without it .
ive only used it once  just got it last week  but so far so good .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
i ve only used it a few times so far but it spins well and fast .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
they do have a tendency to clank a bit loudly ,  but they are nice and smooth .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
the lid doesn t fit as cleanly as i d like but otherwise it s a great product .
used one of my own cables and everything s great .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
the battery still is wonderful ,  but the plastic cover isn t the most durable .
i bought a  used like new  one from an amazon marketplace dealer and it works fine .
i think it is worth the money since i have learned how to operate it properly .
i m glad to have given this as a gift .
this plates are awesome !  they are very light and they occupy a small amount of space .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
your phone slides in from the top and it fits quite securely in there .
this is a simple very well thought out mount .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
thought the price was steep at first ,  but over time they become well worth it .
i have also given at least a dozen as gifts ,  and gotten nice feedback from recipients .
this is a rare product that actually gets better over the years .
well made ,  i love the cloudy white instead of clear .
i keep this one handy under the sink .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
this is a pretty nice spatula ,  but not the best that i ve owned .
really cute case ,  but extrremely hard to take off .
we spray it with nonstick spray before we load it up and it is easy to clean up afterwards .
i thought the price was a bit much for a plastic spatula ,  but it works great .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
while it doesn t change the size of the tub ,  it provides more water and enhances my bath .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
would recommend to see this in a touch screen with a qwerty keypad .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
i will follow up in a couple of months to see if it still holds up .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i dont own that phone anymore but it works well with my iphone .
it is great too ,  good for one serving only .
this works very well ,  only for a couple months though .
for the price ,  it is worth the money and i use it a lot .
it can get quite hot so keep that in mind .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i got these because the price was nice and they looked like they would be ok .
yes ,  it s expensive ,  but in the end it was worth it to me .
other than that ,  it stay and hold my phone well .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i find myself using this more often than i thought i would !  .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i have had this phone for just over num_num weeks and i love it .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
it s a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
i never thought it would make that much of a difference but it does .
they are very simple devices and super inexpensive .
a little pricey ,  since the plantronics num_extend is cheaper and reviews rate it just as nice .
this heats up extremely hot and really holds the heat .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
this is good for infrequent use and small batches .
i needed a way of playing my iphone audio on my car stereo and this was a great choice .
it does one thing good and that s to charge my num_extend gen ipod nano .
this is a nice soup ladle that is  as claimed  durably made .
like having the extra bowl makes things go much smoother without all the washing in between time .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
i am not sure how long it will last ,  but so far it works fine .
my plastic measuring cups were getting bad ,  so i went back to glass !  these work great .
i have not had this product long ,  but so far ,  so good ,  i like it .
after i bought a new one i found it .
with apricots it s like having a soft fruit spread right in the bread .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it is marvelous for stirring hot food that tends to stick to the bottom of a pan .
these are a great size and hold many items .
the brush is good for loosening dirt from carpet fibers or for loosening gunk from hard floors .
i did have an extension  usb on each end  ,  that makes it practical . best use .
considering the low price ,  even if it doesn t last long ,  it s a decent deal .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
great quality in the product and not cheap like others .
i find i will go fast than normal to treat the carpet .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much .
i ve had this set for a couple of years and gotten a lot of mileage out of it .
haven t had any trouble yet and cleaning is easy .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
it was definitely worth the few dollars ,  i give this num_num stars .
a great product !  i ordered num_num more for my friends and to have a couple of extra ones .
wanted something quick and easy to make healthier popcorn than those microwave bags full of chemicals .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
metal case comes in a small box as well .
this is an inexpensive lightweight cable ,  but feels of good quality .
it cooks so well when you are only trying to fry for one or two .
the butter stays nice and soft and doesn t get all icky like it does in a regular butter dish .
i like this case but dont love it .
it was great ,  but this product took a good idea and ran with it .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
you may even get some beneficial iron in your diet ! reccomended .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
they are inexpensive and work well and look as good as a more expensive versions .
yes ,  good ,  fresh beans are expensive ,  but not nearly as much as a cup from starbucks .
i liked that it was stiff enough to work with .
i liked this case a lot and still do but it doesn t fit my new phone .
that said ,  i was happy enough with the first one ,  that i ordered a second .
the camera takes nice pictures and i ve used it as a substitute for my regular digital camera .
it has worked like the first battery and charges quickly .
i d easily recommend this product at $ or so ,  but $ is a bit high in my opinion .
it s the only one i ve found that will fit .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
the good thing is that they charge on a micro usb which seem to be ubiquitous now .
a little more bulky than i would like ,  but very clear .
i think this item is worth what i paid for it for my use ,  but here are the caveats .
i ve been using this product for over a year with consistant ,  excellent results .
it will cover the stitching ,  and provide extra strength .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
but ,  in a very good way . currently ,  i have an iphone num_extend
i liked the juice i got from this .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i like it because i haven t had to replace the phone !   :   .
what a great way to keep my shoes !  .
it is a good and robust product ,  overall it lacks a better looks .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
i use this for sugar on the counter top next to the coffee maker and it works great .
there isn;t much to say but this is really perfect .
it pops the popcorn great and i get few kernels that do not pop .
they work best if phone is in range and doesn t need to search for a signal .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
the display is not the best but i think it gets the job done .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
wow ,  i am impress that this item is actually every piece a stainless steel .
this accessory is what you want to buy .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
best cast iron ever and with amazon s price .  .  . even better !  i used emiril cast iron before and was garbage .
better price here than in other sites i have checked .
i really like the product and decided to do a review on my youtube channel .
the sound is much better than i thought it was going to be .
it worked really well but the clean up was a hassle .
you get a charger that does two duties for the price of one .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
the best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water ,  it still works .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
got these for my cat to eat from .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
great protection with this case ,  but when you put it on it catches on the screen protector .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
i have wanted one of these and found this on amazon .
i bought this brand new for about $
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i actually bought another case just in case but didn t need it because this one is just right .
then i top it off with a few ounces of hot hot water americano style .
their products tend to be of excellent quality ,  and usually are not expensive .
this belt made my vacuum good as new !  no need to purchase a new vacuum anymore .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
took a few tries to get it to fit comfortably ,  but after that it was great .
i am using num_num tbsp coffee  gevalia or peet s ,  a finer grind  per  cup  and have great taste .
not that much protection but a good amount .
it is as simple as making instant coffee .
i ordered this with the new coffee maker and it works well .
i purchased it ,  put it together and used it right away .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
i ve had one brita pitcher for more than six years now and it still looks like new .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i was really surprised at how sharp it looked .
i ve had this for a while now and still use it in my car .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
they fit good and look great and not as heavy and all as some .
i like the texture and size of the bread it produces .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
this thing is heavy !  and i like it that way .
this app allows different features for the handset .
it probably doesn t perform any better than other brands ,  but does look nice though .
i use my outlook exchange ,  gmail ,  and yahoo on the phone and love the email management .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
i use it at work when i need it .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
i ve only had it a few days ,  but so far ,  so good .
great item for those who have to use two cell phones  work and personal  .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
when the battery hit % i charged it again . best $ i ever spent .
i ve only had it several days but seems like a well made product .
i just bought this one again as a gift for my num_extend
the new battery holds a charge better than the original that came with my phone .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
it also works quite well for mashing potatoes and sweet potatoes  even if i put a little garlic in  .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
samsung has always made high quality products and this is no different .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
the quality is better than the ones i have bought by spending $ or more .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i was surprised at how sturdy and heavy it was .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
it is a little hard to put on but once it is one it fits just right .
it simple and easy to use and inexpensive .
it makes that food taste fabulous with nothing added .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i purchased this set since it seemed the best value for the money .
i wrote a good message ,  but right now i can tell you that not is a good product .
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
great i love it !  i had no problems what so ever .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
i bought this as a backup before they quit making them and the price is quite reasonable ,  too .
comes with a top you can use to close the contatiner or use it to pour .
i had a num_num qt before and love this size more .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
i ve never used for anything other than making sparkling water and it works great .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
i bought this and used it twice now .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i keep them on hand to give to those who like mine !  .
this pan is deeper than it looks and is wide without being unwieldy .
it doesn t quite feel like leather .  .  . maybe something like hard pleather ,  but it definitely feel quality .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
i also purchased a good sharpener to keep my knives sharp .
it makes uploading and downloading stuff from my phone to computer easy .
i was sceptical at this price ,  but this holster works very well .
i like these since they are a bit thinner than my former silicone sheets .
the noise is minimal and it really does make a difference .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
i dropped my phone with this case on plenty of times and it kept my iphone safe .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
i bought this to use for grinding spices and grains ,  and it works fine .
i hope it will last a couple of years  :   .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
but if you usually tune out background noise ,  this is a decent alternative .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this is a nice charger but you can tell it was made cheaply in china .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i have only used it once ,  but it lived up to my expectations .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
snaps to together and comes with a key for removal .
the lights blink as it s charging ,  when it s done ,  the lights go solid .
not that much protection but a good amount .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
great product the only thing is i can t tell when you need to charge it .
it is marvelous for stirring hot food that tends to stick to the bottom of a pan .
it has many positive reviews so i thought i couldn t go wrong .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
i got this to replace my original battery .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
however i have found that the fuller the pot the hotter it stays .
but the case is excellent ,  screen protectors give it a shot .
it comes apart very easily ,  so it s easy to clean .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i ended up ordering another one ! and they come in multiple colors .
i ve been waiting for decent ,  affordable wireless earbuds for like num_num years ,  and these do not disappoint !  .
i have all hard wood floors and love this .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
but amazon is so great with the return process that it wasn t a big deal .
don t listen to bad reviews !  this one is a newer version and much better .
i might order another one just to have it cause you cant beat the price and product .
at last minute found this and read reviews .
while this is functionally excellent ,  it is not especially stylish .
but if you usually tune out background noise ,  this is a decent alternative .
i got this in the mail when i was too .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
this is a good way to keep your iphone charged .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
we have a variety of tablets and smartphones in our family both work issued and personal .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
so overall ,  a nice product with a few disapointments .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
non of the num_extend series headset had this nice feature .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
it has provided protection through a couple  drops  .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
not sure what to make of the poor reviews . this item works great for what it was intended .
some things you can just measure and mix right in this cup ,  such as biscuit mix .
i ve have about a year of use on it . it s light ,  sounds good ,  and the battery lasts a long time .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
it fits perfectly except for some minor alteration at the battery connection point .
difficult to get it off once installed ,  but that can be a good thing .
it s got a nice grippy texture without being overly rubbery .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
i would recommend using a good coffee grinder ,  such ascapresso num_extend infinity burr grinder ,  black .
very tricky to open and put on and take off ,  good for the price .
it fits on my phone even though i use different cases with my phone .
it is really helpful in some environments where the signal is marginal .
purchased the two cups and i use it for making pancake mix ,  has an accurate measurement .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
the somewhat rough surface is excellent for keeping your pans ,  griddle ,  stock pots from sliding around .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
it may not keep things hot ,  but certainly warm .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
so much better than the small one that broke .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
this canister keeps the smells in the can .
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
these glasses don t come across as high quality ,  but on the other hand ,  they are great for the price .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
a little polish keeps it bright and shiny .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
used these headphones for one week and i am impressed .
after num_num months of use i m happy this headset with one caveat .
so glad i was able to replace them quickly  and using prime shipping !   with amazon .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i ve only had these for num_num hours ,  but so far i am loving these headphones .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
one push of a button ,  it s that easy .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
this color  hot pink  is really hot pink !  !  i was surprised .
the rechargeable battery can last long enough in one full charge .
i bought two of these the first time .
would recommend this product to anyone looking for something similar .
i also slightly prefer a magnetic closure to the velcro used in this case .
i got one for myself and then one for my sister .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
with proper care it should last a long time .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i have a lg esteem phone and it barely fits but it s stable and it does the job .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i would recommend this if you are looking for this kind of battery .
i wanted something that would be as good .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i bought this case to add a little extra something to my phone .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
there are cheaper versions of the one i bought but it s worth it .
i loved this device so much ,  that i purchased num_extend
it is a good inexpensive fan ,  but i m not sure i would recommend it for style .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
the tip isn t that sensitive so you have to hold it perfectly for it to work .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
not the best out there ,  but for the price asked it is decent item .
it is a great deal at its price point .
got it for our old iphone num_extend works well .
i wish more products are packaged this way . overall i think this is a good product .
if you re looking for a replacement ,  i would recommend this product !  .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
i must say ,  this would still be worth it even if i did pay full price .
i ve found this to be true with heavy items like cordoroy or heavy cotton items .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
a quick rinse right after i use it and it is ready for next time .
yes ,  the price is on the high side .
being stainless steel this means proper care of the finish .
they are sturdy and stable for storing three tools .
great to be able to get replacement parts for my machine .
i bought it because  ,  it had a good review .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
another factor is value ,  which to me is what you get for the price .
it s a great tool to wash sinks ,  faucets and areas surrounding the sink  which are hard to clean  .
works well ,  had it on for a couple months .
for the price i paid its worth the money .
this is for use with the excellent callpod charging system .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
the quality and was better than i expected .
finally we got it after ordering twice and waiting almost two months .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
also ,  at night ,  gives a cool blue effect from the lighted up part .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
this product was as good if not better than products advertised at $
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i decided it looked like the best deal for the money and decided to give it a try .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
bought this for dear husband who makes my popcorn .
the legs are solid wood with a nice smooth cherry finish .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
a good buy for a replacement or backup .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
the backing is solid ,  but a pain to remove if i need to .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
great for gravy ,  for instance ,  among many other foods .
i recently switched back to the mirrored one because i scratched this one ,  but these are pretty durable .
i got the set with the num_extend paring knife ,  too .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
i was happy to see this size ,  which is hard to find ,  on amazon .
plus it can plug into the usb port as well to charge .
i had to buy another one . i liked the features that this one promised so i ordered it .
i feel like i got a new phone .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
it s also great when you are in a loud room with lots of extraneous noise .
i ve used it for fish and vegetables ,  and it does fine .
i don t often rave about a product ,  but this one deserves it .
i had to buy another one . i liked the features that this one promised so i ordered it .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
i have cast iron coated pans and this one was a nice addition to my cooking .
and it s amazing how much i can hang on it .
for a fairly inexpensive line of glassware ,  i am impressed .
protects well the phone and the front screen .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
using a speaker phone turned out to be the best alternative .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
i do enjoy the type of coffee or makes .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
although it is pricey i would buy it again because it works .
it s fairly large ,  certainly larger than any of my other cooking utensils .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it may be a cheaper product but as long as it works i m happy !  .
i ve used this vacuum for nearly num_num months now ,  and i love it .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
i really cant say enough good about this product .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
works well for a sifter of flour and such .
we have had this grinder for about num_num years now and we love it .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
it does lift up your screen protector if its not perfectly lined up .
and there are improvements in areas that do directly affect the quality of the drink .
i decided it looked like the best deal for the money and decided to give it a try .
i am happy with this sprayer ,  but found a less expensive one that works even better .
i recommend it to anyone who is looking for screen protectors .
but it s been over num_num months and so far so good .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
had this for a few months ,  works good as advertised . save me from buying new chargers with micro usb adapter .
i haven t used it much yet but so far so good .
megapixels don t mean everything but this num_extend camera is spectacular .
it s actually a decent num_extend player if you plug in a set of earphones .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
it does its job ,  i ve had no issues ,  i can t complain .
it s quite and the night light is a nice feature . very sasatified .
for the num_extend  icurve num_extend battery  i have loved this battery .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
doesn;t hold alot of liquid but it does the trick for small batches .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
i ve installed a lot of screen protectors and this was by far the easiest and it looks perfect .
i think that it lasted over num_num years and this great price is quite a big deal .
it isn t perfect but it works just great .
we have have used it about once a week since we got it .
it does get very hot to the touch so you must be careful .
my old num_extend bought model still works well .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
the product was a good replacement for my girlfriends phone .
they are durable glasses and do not easily break like some glasses .
the fan is surprisingly powerful for the small size .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
these are great glasses other than the mislabling this time .
not as well made as it use to be but still good .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
i got this reasonably priced signal booster for car and for home as well .
i have a chronic coughing and the venta helped me to ease the problem .
i generally prefer screen protectors like bestskinsever ,  but this one will do .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it works fine for that as long as they don t have huge brims ,  i . e .
nothing special ,  but it s pretty nice for what you pay for .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
it replaces an older model ,  but seems more powerful .
perfect for when i occasionally run low on the phone ,  and need a charge .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this one was a little more spendy than some others ,  but had such magnificent reviews ,  i went for it .
i purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy i did .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
my only complaint is the cord is a bit short ,  but otherwise it s a good product .
i found this one with many great reviews .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
it is well made and is great for smaller tasks like whipping eggs for omelets .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
it doesn t do a great job of protecting it ,  but gives it a very sleek look and feel !  .
it makes approximately num_num oz of really good hot coffee :  num_num large mugs .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
this thing is excellent !  i don t have a dishwasher so i wash by hand .
i got this to replace my old one .
these cases are great for the price  which is cheap  .
i aired them out in front of a fan for a couple of days and it got better .
lite soap and water is good and i dry it asap .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i received an extra battery with my unit .
all your are left with is nice moist baked cookie .
for the price i would suggest trying it but personally idk how good it is .
changed phone from sleek to sporty and covered all the nicks .
it fits well for me but my wife had difficulties fitting it .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
i liked the idea that it could time num_num intervals at a time .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
got this on sale and it was an exceptional value .
the matte finish is good and feels nice ,  but the corners are squared off .
it provides a reasonable amount of protection though when i dropped my phone a couple of times .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
they are so much more convenient than the short ones that come with the product .
who knew ? apart from that ,  it s a very nice mount for my num_extend generation ipod touch .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
i use a standard num_extend paint brush ,  and that seems to work pretty well .
best to have something that fits the bill correctly than destroy your hardware .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
i was very surprised with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
i would recommend this if you need a toaster .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
the skillet is good when cooking for one .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
clean up is a breeze !  just rinse and wipe with a sponge and you re all set !  .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
while i do not love the price ,  i do love the product .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
easy to use just lay phone on it and it charges .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
i just got it today and tried it out baking some cookies .
i have bought this item a few times .
after a week of drying out ,  it still works .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
i expect it would add to the durability as well .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
purchased this as a gift for my son .
they look very sturdy and are quite heavy .
other than that it s a great wireless headphone for the price .
smooth and tasty ,  no sugar needed to counteract the bitterness .
if you  work  with your phone ,  you gotta have this case !  worth every penny !  .
will buy another one if i have to .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the cover is scratched up but the phone still looks new .
i used this for several years ,  and it is fine for what it is .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
i bought several cases for my htc evo before i found this one .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
while still not the perfect toaster it is far superior to others that i have had .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
after finding the best fit i was able to wear the commandone all day with no discomfort .
i keep ordering this great product for more people .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
not a huge deal ,  but worth noting if that will bug you .
i got a good for this from $
it s good enough for a froth of milk for a couple of cups of coffee .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
i got some bubbles ,  but it is pretty doable to put it without bubbles .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
i like being able to make a bag just the right size to suit my needs .
while i don t make bread daily ,  i do make pizza dough almost weekly and i love this mixer .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
they hold a charge really well ,  when charged in the wall charger .
sound quality is superior ,  again compared to many other crummy bluetooth devices i ve used .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
unlike many early model android phones ,  the processor is sufficient to ensure a snappy experience .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
the best part of this pot is that it s stainless steel on the inside .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
granted they are scratched and very used looking , but they still work great and clean up well .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i think i will go ahead and buy one now .
especially having nails ,  it helps to have an elevated key .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
i think it will last quite some time .
it cut through frozen ice cream and worked well .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
i thought it was going to take longer ,  so that was a nice surprise .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
i like orange and it has a glossy finish .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
not a lot of choices available but seems to be the best .
hope that helps anyone who was as stuck as i was .
i m glad to have given this as a gift .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
no problems with shipping from this seller ,  i m pleased all around !  .
this cable works great ,  even with my underpowered usb ports .
so for the price ,  it s a very useful tool ,  that just needs a little care .
the color was so bright and better then i remember it being on here .
it has a silicone liner and a solid plastic case outside of that .
i moved the star rating to num_num stars since it s very nice and easy to use .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
amazingly ,  it too is made in china what a surprise  .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
it makes the phone a bit bulky but that is ok as the protection is superior .
so i have been using this for loose tea and it is awesome .
ice creams almost as easy and much better than steve s ,  baskin robbins ,  etc .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i had to play with it but after i got it on it was a good case   :  .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i like my tea ,  and am picky about what brand and flavors i have .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
the grip has an adjustable arm so it can adapt to various cases .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
as always ,  condition the battery so it will hold a nice full charge .
while still not the perfect toaster it is far superior to others that i have had .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
i bought this as a gift for my husband .
it works for some things because it is lighter and thinner .
great oem batteries ,  i bought to go with the charger i reviewed .
i dont know about the negative reviews on this ,  i find it to be a solid constructed cord .
it will last a long time and they are easy to use .
i purchased it and i m glad i did .
it is small but it fits my samsung galaxy num_extend perfect .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
for the price i paid $ this is a value right up there with a zippo lighter .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
i have only had this for about a month ,  but it is great .
wow !  i have owned several bluetooth stereo headphones over the years .
i have neck pain and this pillow is perfect for neck support .
it doesn t fit really tight in any of my devices but it does work without issues .
this case is as functional as it is pretty .
this item is relatively inexpensive and seems to do the job .
love it !  i should have purchased this a long time ago .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
these are fantastic !  so much better than the tiny cheapies i ve seen that come with cell phone accessories .
the quality was better than my cordless landline phone .
did feel very large and bulky but it was a great case for my phone  :   .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
it fits my iphone fine and the usb in the computer .
i m really finding this product very useful . the first time i charged it ,  it took num_num hours to fully charge .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i got this to experiment with making yogurt and yogurt cheeses .
these are not so good for data uploading from a phone to a computer ,  but the recharging works well .
i love the case ,  . it s just what i wanted .
if you are one who doesn t like touching hot things ,  this feature is nice .
just used this for chicken and it worked nicely .
its really packed full of features .  .  .  . however i do admit that keypad is a bit on the small side .
comes with a cool holster with a clip .
this garbage can is great for smelly items .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
initially ,  i was surprised at the vibrantness of the color ,  but within days i began to love it .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
this garbage can is great for smelly items .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
this is good for me ,  phone will not slide around in case ,  and get scratched .
i get a good strong cup with a bit more than half filled coffee .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
yes ,  i still use one !  battery was purchased as a reserve; works fine .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
the carafe keeps it warm for a reasonable period of time .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
it does have some issues that are easy to fix .
i am happy with this little cheap case .
once it gets hot it stays hot and for a long time .
i have to use the smallest earpieces provided ,  but it stays on pretty well .
another nice touch is the voice that says  power off  or  power on  rather than just a beep .
i am not sure if they are genuine samsung or not but they do generate good sound .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
they were easy to clean with soapy water and towel dried .
i sorted the appiance via customer reviews and this one caught my eye .
it is a great case until the holster starts cracking near the side clips .  .  . then it is time to replace .
the fabric is thick and comfy on the inside .
the product was shipped on time ,  and i got it before the delivery date .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
yeah its plastic but if you don t mishandle it ,  it s solid .
it is great for soap and laundry stuff .
we got this as a gift some time ago for our daughter .
what fun ! this particular unit is the first i ve ever purchased .
it wouls be nice to see one made of stainless steel rather than aluminum .
the strap velcroed around my arm nice and tight but with give .
slicing is difficult when what you are slicing becomes small  watch your fingers  ,  but it is still very useful .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
spend the little extra and buy a good blender like this .
i bought a nice plantronics and it was nice for a while .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
i highly recommend ! update :  after num_num months the cord i used every night to charge my phone quit working .
the strap velcroed around my arm nice and tight but with give .
my $ one was not . terrific value ,  terrific price ,  fast shipping .
it s actually surprising that it arrived that way ,  because it was packaged so well .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
i ve been using this for just over a year now and still going great .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
its very large ,  bigger than i expected ,  but it is awesome .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it is a little large but for what i needed it for it works great .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
exit great coffee maker . some reviewers have complained that this coffee maker is hard to fill with water .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
having used other machines in the past ,  i found this machine to be very reasonable .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
this headset is certainly better than most of the cheap headsets out there .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
i have a lg esteem phone and it barely fits but it s stable and it does the job .
but through some rearranging and shifting around ,  i got it to fit .
the popcorn tastes very good ,  and comes out dry and crunchy .
i had to get used to it ,  but now that i have ,  i love it .
first time i used the pan was able to make a great cake .
much better than the nails i used before .
the color is nice ,  not as bright turquoise as the picture .
i will buy again when i need it .
gives a nice toasty flavor though which i like so not a bad purchase for the price .
thanks for a good product !  !  would recommend to anyone looking for a cute cheap case .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
i love the count up timer for this num_extend
this does have the ability to make coffee without using the grinder .
i ve since made a few more with different beans and it does what i want every time .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
it seems a bit flimsy ,  but once mounted it is relatively solid .
fits perfectly without a cover on the iphone .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
other than that i really like this product .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
i got this to replace my old one .
i love this phone !  it s been my favorite since i started using cell phones way back in num_extend
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
it fits snugly around the edges of the phone .
i ve used other vegetable brushes that work equally well and feel equally comfortable in my hand .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
i have actually ordered a few of these cases in different colors ,  and i am very pleased .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
helps keep nice wine over night when you just can t manage to finish that whole bottle .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
it works great with a usb mouse  wireless or wired  ,  keyboard ,  hub ,  and flash drive  if you have root  .
this one was equally delicious and the dog was pretty stoked that i didn t give up .
this is on of the few items i have found to actually be less expensive in the store .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
this item is great and much cheaper than buying it at best buy .
i ve found that it cleans up pretty easily and i wash it by hand .
it works great as long as you only put about num_num cups of stuff into it .
i bought it for pet issues ,  and it takes care of fresh and not so fresh spots .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
this percolator makes the best ,  i mean the best ,  cup of coffee i ve had going back num_num years .
there s nothing extraordinary here but a good quality item .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i m sure you can find products that work just as well for under $
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
i put both of them in the same cabinet and it fits perfect .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
an external battery which can top it off is the answer .
they go on easy and look great with no air bubbles !  .
i purchased this case for iphone ,  and happy with price and case .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
although smaller than it appears on line ,  this little thermometer is amazing at how quickly it reads the temperature .
not as i expected ,  but it work nice .
it is rare to find such a handy and satisfying device for a modest amount of money .
good product ,  downfall it was har to see the screen when it is very bright surroundings .
as long as you charge it for about num_num hours ,  this thing is amazing .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
try it and see if it makes a difference .
if you are in need of a stylus ,  this is a good option .
i connected it to both my phone and tablet computer and it intelligently knows how to prioritize audio .
the stainless steel is sturdy and won t break like plastic versions .
it pours easily and is easy to wash .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
there are two large pockets on the back as well .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
the rubber seals are a bit loose ,  but they get the job done well enough for me .
these more or less keep the eggs in a nice shape for egg sandwiches ,  and that s what i wanted .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this product works with alkaline or rechargeable batteries .
this bc num_extend may not be compatible with apple new devices but it does the job on charging .
it doesn t boil water as quickly as it used to ,  but it gets the job done .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
i got this for my phone  htc mytouch  .
i think i am going to right now .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it does quite nicely with frozen meat or veggie patties and chicken breasts .
i have been using it about num_num weeks and so far so good on the wearing of it .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
pro :  gives knives a nice sharp edge without creating a large bevel .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
i forgot how tasty freshly popped corn can be .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
if this is made in china ,  they are making nice products that are affordable to the rest of us .
the amount of dirt it traps is amazing .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i have been using this brush every day and it looks and wears very well .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
i got the case in a retail otterbox package with papers included .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
works the same as the older ones ,  easy to sync and charge with included microusb cable .
i bought two of these the first time .
the larger pot is too big for a num_extend pound roast but that fits in this one nicely  .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
this provides the supplemental heat i need on raw days .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i got this for my num_num year old .
it s build doesn t feel of amazing quality ,  but i wouldn t expect much more for the price .
the blade is just so sharp and solid .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
they no longer carry this brand so i found them on amazon at a very fair price .
i bake savory and sweet things in i .
i liked having this vacuum as an everyday pick up .
it is perfect for one cup of coffee ,  as many people have misunderstood apparently from reading other reviews .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i didn t expect much and was pleasant surprised when i received it .
some work perfectly and others wont stick in certain areas .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
easy to use and was easy to assemble .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
not sure how i m feeling about all this . so far new unit works well .
these screen protectors fit my palm pre well and have prevented many scratches .
does a nice job removing tastes from tap water . great for coffee too .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i bought this as a backup before they quit making them and the price is quite reasonable ,  too .
i use this little gem daily on my way to work .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
everything works well and the only problem i had was with the headphones .
it doesn t always work that way ,  but it s a good plan .
it arrived and looked and assembled just like the picture which made me very happy .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining .
very good i had minor bubbles i just squeeze out with the thing they give .
not super high quality  and for this price you shouldn t expect it  but they ll serve their purpose .
got it for our old iphone num_extend works well .
works incredibly well; whereas with the original battery i had to recharge it mid day ,  this one last .
it puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much .
i have a hydrosil heater in one bedroom ,  and it s pretty good ,  but the cost was over $
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
then i wanted it cheap but good quality .
i haven t used it but hope it will be great .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
they didn t hold their edge as well as i d like . arrived in a timely manner ,  well packed .
they also will melt if you expose them to high heat .
i have no issues at all with this item and has held up very well .
after i bought a new one i found it .
i loved the way it shut itself off after charging .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it slices wonderfully ,  but it is a touch hard to clean .
just make sure you get the right seeds .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
honestly ,  this thing is so cute and small .
it s so pretty i hate to cook in it sometimes .
this is made from some nice quality materials and will last .
it might not be the nicest case ,  but it is pretty average looking and it protects the phone amazingly .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
the battery cover provided with the battery is actually very nice .
it was a great headset and when it finally died i bought the new num_extend
wish the chrome lasted a bit longer on it but it is a excellent product !  accessories are great too .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
the screen cover is very durable and tough to scratch .
i tested both batteries and they have provided power to my cellphone .
i love this product . note that the picture seen here isn t representative of the product .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
definitely not as good as oem ,  but it is functional .
it is very light and not sharp enough for a big fish .
yes ,  i know canned soup is bad for you but it s great for a quick dinner and clean up .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i ve also used this a few times near the cat boxes for stray litter ,  and it s great .
it works great ,  and i ve had no further problems with the phone wobbling around in the cradle .
i put one on my wife s phone as well ,  and she likes it .
perfect size screen protectors ,  though a little difficult to remove all the bubbles .
but the best thing is the removable grill plates .
i have several usb charging ports throughout my house ,  and thus one is by far the best .
this adds a subtle ,  yet different ,  flavor to the homemade noodles .
the sheen of the metal is comparable to what you see in the picture .
they work without any faults so far . i would recommend this product .
because nothing sticks to them ,  they are easy to clean .
i have mine in the bathroom and it keeps the shower dry after use .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
overall ,  the best case i have used for any cell phone . normally i hate cases because they are too big .
we used to have a giant old vornado window fan ,  and this works better and is much more quiet .
nice little pan .  .  .  .  .  . doesn t fit the burner on the flat surface even on low ,  but it is still nice .
if you shop around ,  you can probably find one just as good as this one for a lower price .
while this is functionally excellent ,  it is not especially stylish .
i can see why this gets such high reviews here on amazon !  .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
the rubber cover protects the edges while the hard plastic overlay offers a sleek design .
i m pretty particular about my diet  works great ,  not too bad to clean either .
i purchased two and am glad i did .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
it worked perfectly fine with my galaxy s ii and a cheap generic tv with hdmi capability .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
my new wallet is so much nicer . i m very happy with my purchase !  .
recieved the item fast and it was packaged well .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
so for as much as i ll use it it s fine .
i soaked mine ,  then popped them into the dishwasher !  highly recommended !  .
so as long as i dont wreck its all good .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
it is beautiful ,  but i didn t like using it for everyday .
i recieved this product today and it is awesome .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
got these to hand brushes and loofahs in the shower .
it s cool that i can charge not only my phone but an additional usb powered device via this charger .
good . it works as expected . as it is a charger it either works as expected or not .
i was surprised by the weight ,  more than i expected .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i ve tried it just once ,  but so far ,  so good .
i was honestly surprised by the sound quality of the speaker .
but other than that ,  it s a good little machine .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
better than the one that came with my phone .
i needed something light weight but something that would also hold its edge and the knife certainly does .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
the case gets in the way of the feel a little bit but the phone still functions inside it .
i use it with my laptop so it works perfect for what i wanted it to do .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the price alone is a good deal compared to buying from a store .
don t like the size of it much but the battery and the connectivity make up for it .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
mine is a bit darker gray then the picture shows ,  i love it .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it has a lip where you rest the handles and is capable of holding multiple items .
the music player on the phone isn t fantastic in the ui area ,  but it works .
bought this piece with the innocell battery and the innocase .
but once i played with it a little it actually fit really tightly around the phone .
i have a fairly large head ,  but these headphones are comfortable .
this cable helps to take advantage of the optional ac charge mode of some devices .
the num_extend one was just as great as the last !  .
this one has chipped a bit since i received it but still pretty good .
much better than i thought it would be .
they looked the same ,  but they were not good quality like these on amazon !  very pleased !  .
better than some of the others out there .
a bit of a pain to clean but worth it .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
call the company if you have any issues and i guarantee they will do their best to fix it .
its simple and lightweight ,  but gives some protection for the iphone .
was cheap fulfills its purpose and is sufficient quality to last the duration i will likely need it to .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
i also got myself the black one a few months back and it is wonderful .
it s got a sheen to it that looks very classy .
it looks like a gimmick but it really works !  .
just make sure to test it extensively and exchange it till you get a good one . enjoy !  .
this braun served me well for num_num years .
this cable helps to take advantage of the optional ac charge mode of some devices .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it frees up a lot of counter space .
i intentionally made sure i chose a cable sold by amazon ,  and these cables are perfect .
it does provide great protection ,  but its bulky and i wanted something a bit slimmer .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
still use it when the other phones go down .
i was surprised to see have nice it looked in person .
the price was good !  but should come with the headset .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
definitely better then $ at a mass retailer and of comparable quality .
have not had a chance to try it out yet ,  so will have to update once installed . overall good experience .
i was a little surprised at how flexible this spatula really is .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
quick and easy ! if you ve never had rice from a rice cooker you are in for a treat .
it s a battery at a very reasonable price .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
it has worked well for all four types of batteries .
i did have an extension  usb on each end  ,  that makes it practical . best use .
i just knew i would like this and i love it .
i found this one with many great reviews .
i purchased one as a gift for my son .
i like that it is stainless as i have concerns about aluminum and health .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
its veryslim and i have a small hand ,  so it was easy for me to handle .
i love my dualit ! our old toaster died one sunday morning so monday i started searching for a new one .
great product have being using it for more than a year ,  .
i was able to clean it with minimal effort .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i would recommend this protector ,  especially for the cost .
they keep the coffee warm without it getting stronger and stronger .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
it went through my finger skin very well too lol .
i replaced the battery with this and it worked perfectly .
i was skeptical but i am now a believer .
you can still use it to seal jars .
the surface is good and won t stick like the cheaper pans .
i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  so i don t know about durability ,  but so far so good .
i seldom have more than a couple of unpopped kernels and it is so easy .
i highly recommend these gloves over other choices you could make !  .
i bought a matching pair for my daughter as well .
it s great for stairs ,  small messes and cleaning up a small room .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
wish they weren t so expensive but def a good investment !  .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
i found that just powering the unit off and on again did the trick .
it is easier to clean than others too .
i would recommend ,  but keep in mind this is a big cheese tray .
great when you re battery is low and you need a boost .
so much so i bought a second one .
i took cookies off of the baking pan with ease .  .  . and i turned the pancakes perfectly !  love this turner !  !  .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
the integrated flashlight is not especially bright but serves the intended purpose .
exactly what i need for my samsung galaxy ii .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
away when i started hearing things start to crackle . but overall ,  this is a pretty solid bluetooth headset .
it is a little bit smaller than i m used to ,  but still sufficient for my needs .
well ,  i got this as a replacement for a cuisinart and there are some positives and negatives .
i would recommend if you need to purchase .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
it does the job well ,  and would be great for a small home .
the asssembly instructions are a little confusing but it is honestly easy to figure out without any instructions .
i liked having this vacuum as an everyday pick up .
very useful and sturdy ,  as others have mentioned the inside can make removing a filled bag somewhat difficult .
great case and great fit it just wasn t my style .
i like to give it a thorough cleaning every now and then too .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
i ve been using it for num_num months now and this thing is great .
this is an inexpensive lightweight cable ,  but feels of good quality .
nothing works as well as this inexpensive cover .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
it looks great in my kitchen ,  as i have other red accessories .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
i received it on time and they work great .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
it certainly protected my phone from the car accident i was in .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
being so thin it s amazing how well it handles .
takes about num_num minutes on medium gas heat to brew ,  well work it for a classic taste !  .
sad thing is it scratches pretty easy and the scratches show pretty strongly .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it was fantastic that it came in less then a week .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
it s a nice phone for not a lot of money .
butter can be placed in the top or butter oil can give the flavor .
this color  hot pink  is really hot pink !  !  i was surprised .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
nice amount of lollipop sticks for cakes and chocolate .
it is better than the plastic one i have been using for a few years .
i am a num_num pound num_extend woman and my pants fit beautifully .
the carafe seems to drip a lot ,  otherwise a good coffee maker .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
very sharp and has a nice ,  thin blade .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
it is just like the old wooden ones i grew up with ,  well balanced ,  sturdy and sharp .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i liked it but was hard to keep clean .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
pretty good protection for a low profile case .
it makes the perfect cup of coffee and i also use it to heat up water for tea .
this product is average or above average for the price .
i have had good luck with the honeywell humidifiers .
it is worth every penny ,  considering how much i ve wasted on ones that don t work from other companies .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
i got this to replace my original battery .
not a finger print magnet like i thought it would be ,  so good deal .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
it looks flimsy ,  but is actually quite durable .
i wanted a good unit with good reliability .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
just another part of your traditional coffee experience .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
they were easy to clean with soapy water and towel dried .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i just read the instructions ahead of time and found all the pieces .
after getting the purifier i noticed a difference in both those things with in a week .
i think they should offer it with a glass top for the price .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
an excellent little adapter for connecting a usb device to your micro usb port .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
used it couple of times and might get warpped . but overall a good product .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
jabra clipper bluetooth stereo headset is a good add for when you are working out .
for the price i paid this is a great little item .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it was simple to install and worked right out of the box .
right out of the package the blade was very sharp ,  as a knife should be .
fast num_extend internet ,  amazing screen ,  fantastic audio and i mean that .
it is worth eight or even nine dollars .
i also find that it is less stressful on my wrist with reverberation when using .
the dmt fine diamond serrated knife sharpener is useful in the right hands .
this is a wonderful replacment carafe for my cusinart coffee maker ,  but i wish it was not so expensive .
i really liked these nice looking and well working spoons until they rusted after the first wash .
i got this tripod to take videos with my samsung galaxy num_extend
cast iron isn t the easiest to care for ,  but it sure is durable .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
i had purchased some other ones that were not compatible and this one does the job .
i always prefer this type of coffee maker rather than the electric ones .
i have been using this knife for num_num months and i am really pleased with it .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
we just bought this one to have a bigger size .
also has a handy additional port for another usb cable to charge an additional device .
the price was so good i order two ,  to have a spare .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i like the remote control and the fact that i can change the configuration as needed  ie .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i like the fact it maintains a heat level and i can then adjust it .
the fabric is not waterproof but it is stain resistant and easily cleaned .
very cute cups ,  small because they are mini ,  but just like the picture .
i ve broken many a garlic press ,  but this one is really strong .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
still so good ! i can t wait to try another flavor ,  frozen yogurt ,  and eventually premium hard ,  i m guessing  .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
i really like the cuisinart products and this is no exception !  .
but it is something that i will use for quite some time .
it is a large size for the cost .
the led light isn t super bright but it s a nice touch that adds versatility to this device .
they work great to drying herbs ,  which is very small .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
now my great review is not so amazing .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
healthy way of preparing your food as you don t use oil in the process .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
these are made very well but not that well .
cleanup was easy after some soaking with warm soapy water .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
for some reason it is slightly more comfortable too .
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
i actually like the blue light ,  unlike what some other people have said .
i ended up ordering another one ! and they come in multiple colors .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
i like this but it is a bit small .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
same high quality battery that came with my phone .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
i always spray the grilling surface with cooking spray before cooking and it seems to help .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
its taste good and its good for you .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
this saves me a bunch of money and allows me to change them more frequently !  .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it s a good buy ,  ill be using it a lot .
i would definitely buy this again but i m glad it s of good quality so i won t have to !  .
it s so inexpensive that i bought a spare to have on hand .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
and add salt of course if you like .   it s great for healthy snacks .
work good ,  but when in phone port you need to wiggle it sometimes .
i drop this phone every once in a while and it still works .
it is a good price too ,  its too bad others aren t getting the right or same product .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i have never used one of these  .  .  .  . it worked well .
it s much more suited to a glass or two .
the adhesive is very strong for how little you use .
they re a very tasty cookie with anise extract in them .
i loved the color ,  looked just like the photo maybe a little better .
i also have a screen protector ,  so that helps .
i ve tried eggs and pancakes both and have had great success .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the metal loses it s sheen ,  but still looks decent .
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
i don t care for that as i paid for new merchandise but the unit has performed well so far .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
it lasts me an easy day and sometimes a day and a few hours in change .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
i use it daily and sometimes many times a day .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
overall ,  while this isn t the best headset in the world ,  it seems to work fine .
but for my purposes this coffee pot is great !  .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
they fit in my ear well and block most surrounding noises .
the voice quality is good; but not really exceptional .
it s a very nice egg pan . my only complaint is the handle .
i paid $ for this puppy and i really like the weight and feel .
it didn t fit exactly the way i thought it would but it still works .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i am happy enough to give it num_num stars .
i have had anker batteries for several different model phones now ,  and the quality is great throughout .
it s a good buy and cheap too !  well ,  cheaper than retail anyway .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
second in importance is battery life ,  which i have also been very impressed with .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
i thought the remote would be a gimmick but it s turned out to be hugely useful .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
if you re looking for a replacement ,  i would recommend this product !  .
some folks like it but my eyes are sensitive to light at night but i still use it .
price was good ,  better than i found in stores .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
the num_num pack is a pretty good value for me since i can leave one in various places .
they fit well on your ears ,  even after a few hours they don t start to feel bothersome .
it s worth the purchase compared to some of the more expensive ones available .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i like being able to cut the pizza in slices without that messy wheel cutter .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
it hold a charge ,  doesn t take too long to charge and works well .
it was a few years old and well used .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
i have several sizes ,  but this is the one i use the most .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
but that s my fault for not looking at the specifications . either way ,  love it ,  very useful ,  and totally worth it !  .
it saved my phone from breaking many times .
i was surprised at how small this little guy is .
gave this to my wife as a gift .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
it s nice and thick ,  so i don t worry about breaking it .
i really do enjoy this shoe rackholds about num_num pairs of shoes ,  looks great !  .
i also have a screen protector ,  so that helps .
it s so quiet you can t even tell if it s on .
you can even charge it while its in this case .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i don t have a big sink ,  so it s a little tricky to wash ,  but i love this thing .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
saw the reviews on this one and gave it a try .
i needed this charger for my car ,  it works well for me .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
it is well made and once it is snapped together will not accidently come apart .
removing it is just as hard . i highly recommend this rack for men s bikes .
i was so happy when i received these .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
there is no comparison ,  this is the best .
these bags are much better then the regular s sized bags .
i like it but its not the best !  .
not only do i like the mount ,  the phone holder is great as well .
people complain about some other headsets i have ,  so this one is good .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
i purchased it ,  put it together and used it right away .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
the holster did a great job protecting my phone ,  however the holster took a hit .
i purchased this about two years ago and it s held up fine .
as long as you charge it for about num_num hours ,  this thing is amazing .
this is a great ,  inexpensive case for iphone num_extend bought this after a lot of research on amazon . com .
chrome finish is really good and i haven t had any problems with wear or pitting .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
there is a little more bass and treble sounds good .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
it freezes solid and stays frozen long enough to make ice cream .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
it s definitely a disposable case with pretty good protection .
i ve had this coffee urn for about num_num months and it works incredibly well .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
it still isn t right but it works fine .
after num_num years ,  the lid broken ,  but it still works . i got this one and love it .
the keys are a bit small ,  but that is easy to live with .
the color is very bright and lovely to look at .
this thing is excellent !  i don t have a dishwasher so i wash by hand .
not much to say about this product but it works ,  it is not heavy but is durable .
i love them !  they are a bit cumbersome for small children to handle ,  otherwise i have no complaints .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i especially liked the feature that had it turn off automatically .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
very useful and sturdy ,  as others have mentioned the inside can make removing a filled bag somewhat difficult .
very good and inexpensive way to replace the belt clip part of my otterbox case .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
purchased this to keep my coffee pot hot .
a game that has a rich ,  always moving num_extend environment ,  such as glyder ,  previously suffered from slowdown hiccups .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i like that it is stainless as i have concerns about aluminum and health .
it still won t work every time ,  but i found that it works fine about % of the time .
the jawbone is so light that you can t really feel that you have it on .
this charger works great for my ipad num_num and ipod touch ,  charging both simultaneously .
i would recommend these to anyone looking for a set of portable headphones that don t have a cord .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
i tried it with the charger and hdmi cables and both worked well .
after searching i found this on on amazon .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
it is great for my longer robes and dresses .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal .
screwed into wall ,  slightly wobbly ,  but otherwise excellent product .
where i would normally use my num_num quart kitchenaid ,  this mixer is the perfect size for smaller jobs .
i don t buy or use a juicer everyday and this one works great from limes to small grapefruit .
amazingly ,  it too is made in china what a surprise  .
buy a espresso machine and enjoy real fresh coffee . i also tried to grind herbs with it .
i would recommend this product for anyone looking for basic protection .
bought this to go with our new espresso machine .
i use it to infuse my home with wonderful scents .
this one is capable of pairing with multiple devices .
well worth it . it is a bit overpriced in my opinion ,  but i am still glad i bought this .
the color is a bit lighter than the picture ,  but looks just fine .
i didn t find this to be true in my old device by another manufacturer . it s attractive in the kitchen .
i basically like aroma stuff ,  they have good quality .
in the morning when i just don t have time to steep a good cup of tea this works .
great for the price !  i got it for num_num something i think .
not a huge deal ,  but worth noting if that will bug you .
it arrived on time and if possible ,  exceeds the performance of the original .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
i am not a juicing fanatic ,  just enjoy homemade lemonade and margaritas .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
the charger uses micro usb cable ,  so that is another good thing for me .
num_num screen protectors !  !  !  !  this is a great buy ,  very good price also to protect your screen .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
what a bargain when you consider the price and that you get num_num for that .
other then that ,  it s great and i would purchase again .
i bought this product due to all the other high reviews .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
i have had it over a year now .
mine suffered a small melt at contact point on iron skillet ,  but still funcitions great .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
a definite must if your phone gets banged around a lot .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
i have only had the num_extend for a couple weeks now ,  and i love it .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
our son loves scooby doo and was so excited to get this .
the lid seals well so you can shake the contents without leaks .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
years ago when microwaving was new i had something like this and it worked well .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
nice that it has belt loops as well as the clip .
here is what i found upon receiving it .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i have a nice briel espresso machine and prefer to froth with my aerolatte .
i would expect it to be a little higher given it s size but it s fair enough .
although i hardly used it ,  it is nice and heavy .
a bit more expensive than others ,  but really worth the extra cost .
doesn t add a lot of width to the phone but still gives the phone protection .
this is cheap but looks so sleek and form factor of the build is good .
sure it s pricey and doesn t include an hdmi adapter ,  but it s still a pretty nifty gadget .
i ve used it for about a month now ,  and it has really found a niche in my knife collection .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
it is not great but it does work .
i thought it was too good to be true at this price ,  but it is the real deal .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
i bought two of these for my new office .
these are cheap alternatives ,  but will work great if applied correctly and evenly .
the price might be a little higher than others ,  but the excellent quality is worth the money .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
not sure why it did that but otherwise this unit really packs some power .
sense num_extend and the num_extend screen are nice .
i love to be able to read the reviews to help me make up my mind .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
these glasses are very simple and nice looking .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
it is a nice item ,  but i think it is a little pricey .
mirror works very well but becomes troublesome when under direct light as it reflects towards you .
best of all they are compact once retracted and take up little space .
it s a good price too for a wilton product .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
these look much better in person than the picture suggests .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
plus it can plug into the usb port as well to charge .
i needed a num_num inch square pan and this one is great .
i love this product although i could have done without the drama of it getting lost in shipping .
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was ,  but worked like a charm .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
a little tight in my incredible num_extend but they fit .
i am not big sound guy ,  but i think they sound great .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
so i got a new one . this one is better than my previous one .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i bought one for my daughter this year for christmas .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
i really like anker s chargers because they are very universal .
they actually work better than the one i paid $ for .
i knew i needed a case for this phone and during the num_extend i found this case .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
it does a much better job cleaning than the bissle i have .
if you need a decent chef knife and are willing to sharpen it occasionally ,  this is a good buy .
this is a sturdy set of tongs that allows you to grip and hold nearly any ingredient .
i bought these as a gift at christmas time .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i have found few uses for bags this small .
but ,  in a very good way . currently ,  i have an iphone num_extend
i like that i can add the calming scents to it as well .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
i had to play with it but after i got it on it was a good case   :  .
their sturdiness is just an illusion . still ,  these are nice glasses for the price .
actually ,  it s probably more delicious now that i am using actual butter on it .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
if you drink cocoa regularly this is a great find .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
fits my cuisinart coffee maker like the original .
it is actually darker and then lighter depending on the light .
this headset is impressive though considerably larger because .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
i would have liked the cord to be a little longer ,  but it works .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
good fan though and i will likely replace my dead one with another one just like it .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
i was a bit hesitant based on some of the reviews but honestly found this product very useful .
i liked the fact that it kept the phone upright while charging .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
this is probably the best i can get .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
reason for num_num rather than num_extend aside from this minor issue ,  everything else works pretty well .
i like it but its not the best !  .
keeps your phone from slipping out of your hand and provides protection from the screen hitting the ground .
just followed the directions and it worked fine .
the product is solid ,  it does not feel cheap .
it fits well ,  and it feels thick and slick enough where light stratches wont penetrate it .
protects the screen by lifting it up around the edges .
i will buy again for my next phone .
its a very tight fit and feels very solid when installed .
it is very heavy and solid as a rock .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i found this on amazon and thought i would buy it .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
i tried cleaning it in many ways but found the following to work num_extend
the num_num cup does a great job and is compact which makes it easy to store .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
no issues ,  did a good job protecting my phone for the past num_num years .
it was a few years old and well used .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
it s nice to have a product that doesn t feel like a lightweight version of its former self .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i have owned plenty of terrible microusb chargers and this one gets the job done right .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
i have had a few plastic measuring cups snap at the handle until i found this one .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
you do need to adjust to using the pillow but i like it .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
the cover is very good for being such an inexpensive item .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping .
i use this for the first time the other day and what a great product .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
these are not quite as pretty but they do the job .
worth the money dose as it is discribe why spend more ? pay less enjoy .
i can also answer the phone more easily .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
i have been able to hear pretty well without having to strain as i have in past phones .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i bought my first otterbox for my ipod touch and it worked fabulous .
washed it a couple of times and came out great .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
the bags are inexpensive and easy to change .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i bought one of these a few weeks ago .
much better than the stuff in the supermarket .
but if you usually tune out background noise ,  this is a decent alternative .
although it does not protect from rain ,  it holds the phone nice and secure .
the best part is that it is only five bucks !  highly recommended .
i enjoy bacon cooked until it s darn near burnt with nothing coming off it anymore .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
the battery performs just like new after a few charges .
this phone is reliable ,  even though i have crashed it more then once ,  okay a lot more .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
i hope to purchase another set in the future .
the case itself is shiny and polished ,  so it looks nice but it really shows fingerprints ,  etc .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
well ,  i bought num_num of these because of the price and num_num work great with no problems .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
i just received these for christmas and i couldn t be happier .
i ended up finding my old charger but i think this one is actually better .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
i like being able to heat them in the microwave without the worries of plastic melting or worse .
this pot is the answer !  it is also relatively inexpensive .
the droid x oem car dock is a good product ,  and includes the motorola charger as well .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
i was so surprised when this one arrived .
yes ,  it makes great pizza but it can also be used to make bisquick s drop biscuits for example .
i recommend getting an additional ,  thinner slicer blade if you want to make coule slaw .
it seems a bit flimsy ,  but once mounted it is relatively solid .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
i got this one for a good deal with the free shipping .
i really wasn t expecting much from this case ,  but i was pleasantly surprised .
it isn t great for soft foods but it is great on everything else .
i got this as a gift to my sister .
this waffle iron cooks an excellent light thin waffle .
this is a great alternative to purchasing an oem replacement battery .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
this unit makes decent coffee but not quite as good as the braun .
for many things this works better than my blender .
it comes in a pretty good size for shampoo and conditioner .
it s much more suited to a glass or two .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
unfortunately ,  i ve dropped my phone a couple of times already and so far ,  so good .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
after num_num months of use ,  the battery still performance well .
i came upon this beauty on one of my shopping sessions on amazon .
its very pretty but it gets dirty really easy and its realllly hard to clean .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
this is especially handy for seniors ,  who may have grip problems with their hands .
the size was a little smaller than what i expected but it works .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
it might not be the nicest case ,  but it is pretty average looking and it protects the phone amazingly .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
the bowl is large and also doubles as a serving bowl .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
great for connecting my pc to my tv .
it works well for small towels and rags .
the are comfortable to use ,  and good quality . be aware ,  though ,  that the plastic is fairly easily stained .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i drink a lot more water because of this .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
this worked easily with the wide mouth jars .
these bags are priced so good ,  i have bought many online .
i got this to replace my old one .
these lightweight headphones fit comfortably on my ears although it doesn t do a great job keeping noise out .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
i bought these based on all the great reviews and the great price .
a little tight in my incredible num_extend but they fit .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i ve been using it a month or so and it s still working fine .
they are not very big in size but are very big in doing the job .
it s weird how it works but it works and i love it .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
both of our oem supplied batteries went down and these are fantastic replacement .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
the case gets in the way of the feel a little bit but the phone still functions inside it .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
great alternative versus buying one in store for over $
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
they come two in a box and i believe the price is cheaper than most other places .
i recommend this cable ,  it works perfectly and has very little difference .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
better than the protector i had on my old iphone !  .
you can really tell that a lot of thought went into the design .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
this product is a great replacement battery for the phone .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
i used this for the first time today and found it very functional ,  although a little loose fitting .
this thermometer is good quality for the price ,  but not waterproof for the long run .
i could see this being a good choice for those who aren t too picky about these things .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
this is a fabulous machine that s a bit heavier than my prior model ,  but with half the footprint .
they are about the same price as well .
a simple soap and water wash is pretty much all that is needed .
this was absolutely what i needed for my new cuisinart food processor .
they are comfortable and don t feel like plastic and are not stiff .
this is a best can opener that i have owned .
better than my calphalon commercial pots in my opinion .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
if you want the best bluetooth headphones to exercise with buy these .
i was impressed by the quality of this wood .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
very handy for your macbook air that does not have an ethernet port .
when i received it ,  found it exactly the same as my old one .
i ve had it for about a week now and so far so good .
great for the price !  i got it for num_num something i think .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this set gives you a nice selection with the num_num pieces .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
i wish it were cheaper ,  but it worked great .
i am a person that is not necessarily the gadget geek ,  but i do love new toys .
the lip on the bottom around the home button is a little strange but the rest seems nice .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
it makes great ,  tender popcorn in about num_num minutes ,  and generally ,  all the corn pops .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
wish they weren t so expensive but def a good investment !  .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i have noticed with some cans very fine flakes of sealant in the contents right along the edges .
a little too big for my tastes ,  but i really like it .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
we bought this as a christmas gift for relatives .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
it is a good price too ,  its too bad others aren t getting the right or same product .
i purchased num_num additional disk and it fit in there as well .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
it saved my phone from breaking many times .
being able to attached to the headphone jack is very handy also .
it is better than the plastic one i have been using for a few years .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
this is much better than the charging cable that came with my samsung captivate .
it works well and i haven t had any problems with the repairs i ve done using them .
this is especially important for the oven ,  since opening the door quickly changes the temperature that surrounds your pan .
the metal is sturdy and not easily bent like some other cutters that i ve had .
the case doesnt seem very thick or sturdy but it gets the job done .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
the color looks great with my white iphone and it protects the edges ,  which my other cases did not .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
nice to get more than you paid for !  .
the product was received in a timely fashion and assembly was a breeze .
price here was cheaper than in the retail store ,  so got a good deal .
may not be as accurate as digital clocks ,  but it does the job intended .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
we used it for the first time last night ,  and it worked well .
it s a little big but everything i needed for my office .
i don t know how i survived without this excellent knife !  .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
these are just like other filters but it s nice to order online from amazon .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
this one is a greater value than the one i bought the first time .
i was hesitant to buy given some of the reviews ,  but it seems to work well .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it does not take up too much room and it is very nice looking .
i like the feel of the knife in my hand .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
i cleaned my bath and shower and overall ,  i was impressed .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i would have preferred another num_extend sheath and one less paring knife but the set is great anyway .
great charger for num_num devices and i haven t had any problems so far num_extend now .
it does not burn and cleans up well .
but i tried it on a buddy s phone that is mhl compatible and it works like a charm .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
i have had this for almost a year now and have used itmany times with great result .
the remote is very convenient ,  especially if the fan is hard to get to .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
thanks !  !  this screen replaced my cracked up broken one and this worked perfect .
it is nice and sharp and for the price ,  i ll probably just replace it if it gets too dull .
i loved my incredible droid and only purchased a new phone because the charging port went bad .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the plastic is more flexible than the old style .
it seems to work good now after using it for a few months .
the quality is good ,  if not the best .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
low light was a little grainy ,  but still good with the flash .
it works great . the cable i received from sf planet was slightly different from the picture .
this is a good basic can opener for most normal cans .
i actually make coffee for two  cappuccinos  with this model .
nice and loud for conversations but for music it is a different story .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
i ve had this about a month and use it often .
i was able to workout on the treadmill without having to interrupt my pace to adjust them .
i was skeptical about this item ,  but after a month ,  i love it .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
these were extremely cheap and the quality is amazing .
great price too . now ,  i just need a new coffee maker .
i was skeptical when i bought this but after using it a few times it does seem to work .
go is awesome !  !   from day one i felt like it was a fight with this phone .
always seems to work fine and no issues as of yet .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
great if you don t want you phone scratched up .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
much better than the nails i used before .
it works great but the original did not last even a year before needing to be replaced .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
it is very good quality and the wires are flimsy so they allow for easy movement .
this is not the best i have ever had but it is pretty good ,  attractive and functional .
pro :  gives knives a nice sharp edge without creating a large bevel .
i ve used mine for years now and they still look new .
some work perfectly and others wont stick in certain areas .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
worried it will break  though it has not yet  . all in all it is great .
the photos don t give the texture justice ,  it s quite nice .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i found this on amazon and thought i would buy it .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
i added this little gem to my wish list after reading all the other rave reviews .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
it s a nice size and is made of sturdy plastic .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
i d have loved to have received such a nice set of measuring cups .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
i don t have this phone charger anymore but it worked great .
got this to replace my worn out model .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
assuming you don t need instant heat ,  this is your best space heater option imo .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
i ve owned other brands in smaller sizes ,  those always were tossed . the size works well for every day use .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this product is well designed and made ,  not perfect .
i got a special deal from verizon to upgrade early .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
this is a nice little heater for what i paid $ but would not pay more than that .
has a nice little built in handle part at the top .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
this is about the third grinder i ve bought and by far it is the best i ve tried .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
i m normally the sweetened creamer guy but this stuff ,  though strong ,  is so good you can drink without sweetener .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
this knife is super sharp ,  if you are tempted to feel the edge i recommend that you don t .
i really didn t need this ,  but enjoy having it now that i do .
i can really say enough about this phone .
it s made with good quality cast iron but not to heavy .
got this to replace my worn out model .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
this is a handy little item if you cook with cast iron .
comes with a cool holster with a clip .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
even though the sound isn t that great ,  i still really like these headphones .
now my great review is not so amazing .
it s inexpensive compared to some models offered and it works great .
the blade is extremely sharp and someone could get cut grabbing it .
it takes about a minute per knife and can be a bit fun actually .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
loved my otterbox !  !  !  !  i just replaced it today .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
price on amazon was great at less than $
it helps my phone from cracking when it falls .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
i bought this to have a few extras .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
the portable charger is nice too in case you dont have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
both of our oem supplied batteries went down and these are fantastic replacement .
it s cool that i can charge not only my phone but an additional usb powered device via this charger .
this was a cheap charger and works great .
it does have some problems ,  as many have already noted ,  but it makes an excellent cup of coffee .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
i got a good for this from $
after a few applications of bare oil i mixed it with some clapham s wax and the results were fantastic .
a few strokes and the blade is sharp .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
i have had this device a couple of weeks now and use it daily .
a very well made thing ,  but not for the uncorking challenged .
the itorch num_extend is really a great external battery .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
this pan comes in handy for using it up .
the belt clip is sufficiently strong and held up well .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
people complain about some other headsets i have ,  so this one is good .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i would recommend this to anyone that has neck or shoulder discomfort while sleeping ,  it works for me .
i have used the product for num_num years ,  still works like new .
i almost hate to use them ,  they re wonderful .
i had num_extend handy which fits perfectly with these headphones .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
just pump it up when needed and the spray is nice and fine .
sure it s pricey and doesn t include an hdmi adapter ,  but it s still a pretty nifty gadget .
i don t often rave about a product ,  but this one deserves it .
ok ,  first this fits well in a drawer .
the case is a little loose but works good .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i recommed this with num_num stars !  it s great !  !  .
however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
great variety ,  but none of them are very large .
will order again when and if i ever need another one .
only a few of my knives are henckels but even the others fit nicely .
i just got this in the mail a couple days ago .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
she changed out the battery and all is good now .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
helps out a lot being wireless connects to my num_extend with ease .
cleanup was easy after some soaking with warm soapy water .
it seems like the volume buttons may be off slightly ,  but they still work fine .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
this unit also comes with a couple adapters for different plug types .
that one has a good battery but the design is a bit fragile .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
a regular charger wouldn t even work on charging my kindle fire hd ,  but this one works .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
actually ,  it s probably more delicious now that i am using actual butter on it .
this was super cheap and it looks nice .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i came home and searched for it online and found a great price .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
i recommend it to anyone who wants a good quality cable for under num_num bucks .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is my absolute favorite purchase from amazon so far .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
researched for a bit and found these on amazon .
its a good product i just ordered one bigger than i needed .
i will buy this at this price for the cable alone .
i use this as a fruit bowl in my kitchen and it serves its purpose well .
they werevery helpful and answered all my questions .
esp with the extra num_num inches of depth this is a nice sized little unit .
the extra weight in my hand is a little old school but being substantial has its benefits .
i got a lot of compliments bc its super glittery and i love glittery things .
this doesn t produce as fine of mist as pam spray ,  but it still produces a nice even coat .
best alternative to an air popper for when you can t use one .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i was quite surprised to see so many poor reviews .  .  . i love this toaster .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it s the off set handle that does the trick .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
protected the screen well and kept it from being too scratched .
i received a new work phone and it is my first experience with the iphone series .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i was quite surprised by how comfortable they are .
i was hesitant to buy given some of the reviews ,  but it seems to work well .
it also help s with maintaining the grip on my phone .
i wanted a healthier snack and this popper is a great help .
it s battery life is good but i didn t want to take chances .
this is a better quality filter than what comes with the floormate .
i got this to replace my old one .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
i bought this one for my motorola razr .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i have a nice small blister from a surprise touch .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
a cleaning brush is also a good investment .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
i like good ,  strong coffee ,  but i m not really a snob .
i got the cleaning pads this time and plan to use them .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
i m really surprised their knives can t withstand it .
i was happy with the price being decently cheap and it does it s job .
this is great for quick cleanups on my hard floor .
i have to remove the case to charge it but other than that it s great .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
i got this battery as a back up ,  especially when i m we re out .
also come in a nice little pouch for storage .
nice to have for spare if i forget to charge the phone the night before .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i think this is for a different model but it works fine .
it seems to work just fine although the order took an awfully long time to arrive .
a little too big for my tastes ,  but i really like it .
looking forward to tasting it after it ages .
i have neck pain and this pillow is perfect for neck support .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i got this for my phone  htc mytouch  .
it has dual usb ports making the battery capable of charging two devices at one time .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i received a huge box at the ups center .
a good alternative to an expensive apple charger .
this works as a dish washing tool holder for me .
it s worth the purchase compared to some of the more expensive ones available .
it is a useful device rather than a fun device .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
spend the little extra and buy a good blender like this .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
it s made in france ,  and a bit pricey ,  but is better than the cheap  made in china  stuff .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
it pops into the corn and flavors it nicely .
got these for my cat to eat from .
for the $ price ,  i recommend it ,  but will consider other options for my next one .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
however ,  it is still a very good quality for baking cookies .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
rinsing it immediately worked very well and i did not have a problem getting it clean .
i have three cats and gets lots of hair and dust and its great for a quick vacuuming .
the low setting is still very strong and kinda loud .
i bought my first one at a discount department store but got a better buy here .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got this for my daughter for christmas .
comes with a top you can use to close the contatiner or use it to pour .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i researched several models and this one stood out based on positive reviews and price .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
still ,  i am giving it num_num stars ,  because when it works it works very well .
overall happy with this headset as it has exceeded my expectations to great lengths !  .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this means it can accept all kinds of meat in it .
mostly ,  the plastic coating was coming off in bits ,  andthatmade us nervous . this works really well as a replacement .
so easy to use ,  and it cuts below the can glue line .
not sure why it did that but otherwise this unit really packs some power .
it syncs with my droid with no problem and well worth the money i spent on it .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
it looks exactly like the oem battery that came with my phone ,  and works just as well too .
its got a permanent spot on the desk by my computer .
the medium set is more comfortable for me .
but ,  in a very good way . currently ,  i have an iphone num_extend
i was having lots of trouble finding on in the stores ,  glad i found this one .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i ve had mine for two years and have done nothing but rinse and fill and it still works wonderfully .
you can see from the other reviewers mixed reviews of this device . this is a very good honing device .
i bought this because the reviews were raving so much about what a great product it was .
they aren t to delicate; have a nice weight and thickness .
the handle has a nice feel and the plastic isn t chintzy .
it s good ,  and i like ,  just be careful of the last bit ,  it will have some coffee grounds .
i ve had this for quite some time and use it often .
the best thing i like about it is the countdown timer .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
it has a powerful motor to do the job efficiently .
i found it very simple and easy to use .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
it is a well made charger ,  if a bit bulky .
no one likes to iron ,  but this one makes it a little easier .
this had such great reviews ,  so i got it .
pros : very inexpensive way to replace your batteries . spares come in handy . led indicator changes color as it charges .
if you can afford it ,  get this one .
easy to clean too ,  just rinse it off after every use .
it is a better buy than the less expensive one .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
for my needs ,  this filter works just fine .
it was worth buying and using for those meals where you have to chop alot of items .
love that has a red light that turns on to let you know it has power .
should last a good part of the day .
i eventually cut it off and shaved down the sharp corners and it was good to go .
i have only used it once ,  but it lived up to my expectations .
in any event ,  it doesn t look as nice now that it s been used ,  but it is most definitely functional !  .
love having an extra battery for this phone ,  i was always plugged in without it .
i was leary about this item but i love it .
that was a great feature of the num_extend
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
if so that is certainly something to consider when purchacing .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
connecting it to a samsung galaxy was easy .
i don t have this phone charger anymore but it worked great .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
it comes with a cleaning brush that gets some of the reside out .
i haven t completely mastered it ,  but these rings do their job well .
though ,  i actually prefer this one for my small and sensitive ears .
they are easy to clean ,  especially if you don t have a dishwasher .
i would find something that is just as stylish but more protective .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
worth the price to have an extra cable when traveling .
if the knife is of good quality ,  i ll take it in for professional sharpening .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
i m not that particular but it s nice if it matters .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
while that works fine ,  it just feels a little weird and loose ,  even though it s not . the sound is fantastic .
this was a very good idea by somebody .
i cleaned all over and this little machine surprised me .
great price too . now ,  i just need a new coffee maker .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i havnt used this yet but the quality looks fine .
it is reasonably priced ,  easy to cook with and the food tastes delicious .
for $ they have a cheap plasticy feeling but they re comfortable enough for me especially for the price .
i have not used it much but was happy with it when i did .
i picked this item up at a local store .
i bought this after seeing many others for higher prices .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
it s also about $ with free shipping included .
this purifier has a num_num degree air intake and air exhaust ,  making it effective at circulating air .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
had this for a few months ,  works good as advertised . save me from buying new chargers with micro usb adapter .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
i have had it for several years now .
it also looks much better in person than the photo .
the blades are very sharp  be more careful than i was  .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
i needed something that controls work with my galaxy num_extend had good sound ,  and good cable management .
i have another one that is num_num times that old that needs a few parts but it still works .
and being in the $ dollar range seems about right for this product .
i hope it will look as good after washing .
it does take some getting used too ,  but after a few days of use it works great .
i also found that it is great for cooking up things like chicken pieces or breaded fish fillets .
i like the fact that the cups are bigger ,  more like a mug .
my daughter got this as a gift for her phone a few years ago .
so far after about a month it still works fine .
i got it in this purchase !  !  i couldn t wait to try this mixer .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it protected my phone long snuff till i received my personalized case ! the color is cute as well .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
it s kinda a pain to clean ,  but it s worth it .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
although running only at num_extend it can handle skype voice calls quite well over wifi and num_extend
i ordered a pack of two ,  and the other one works as described .
i ordered this and it arrived in a few days .
got this espresso maker when my old one broke .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
it uses a max of num_num watts which is pretty good .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i have bought a few chargers for my phone that haven t work so i am happy with this one .
shipped to me a day before it was supose to arrive !  thanks will buy from this seller again !  .
i have to remove the case to charge it but other than that it s great .
price on amazon was great at less than $
unfortunately ,  i ve dropped my phone a couple of times already and so far ,  so good .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
we put the first one on ,  and it surprised the heck out of us .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i purchased this based on the excellent amazon reviews .
the handle is a classic shape ,  meant to have only your fingers around it .
the way it feels in my hands is different .
bought this piece with the innocell battery and the innocase .
i use often and do love the metal to hold up better than what i had before .
it took about a week to come in but it was worth the wait .
i like that it has a light so that i can make suret that my electronic is actually charging .
that in itself is worth the few bucks .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
the cast iron brings out flavors in the food .
it s good to use when you get a difficult can to open .
i purchased two of these at a great price of $ each from amazon for my droid num_extend
i aired them out in front of a fan for a couple of days and it got better .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
the switch could be better ,  but the price is quite reasonable .
this battery wasn t used long but the time it was in use it worked very well .
i have food allergies ,  so knowing exactly what is in my food is important .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
other than being too thin for my taste ,  they seemed very nice .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
its strong enough to take a hit when you drop the phone .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
plus clean up is much easier with paper filters .
purchased this for my home so we could enjoy homemade waffles more often .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
i also with it would cover more space around the camera . for $ i am satisfied with the purchase .
it s not a perfect skillet ,  but it s the closest thing that i have found to it .
i love fresh garlic but always dreaded  the big peel down  .
i love this item so much ,  i ve ordered num_extend
i was very happy to find this item .
the screen is beautiful and bright . however i did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones .
it has an attachment on the bottom that lets you get into crevices and cracks very well .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
perfect ,  love it !  !  yes i was skeptical about how sturdy this would be when i purchased it .
i like to be able to watch my videos wide screen .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
the count up clock feature is nice when steeping num_extend
got this to put all my games and a few bluerays .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
although they are very inexpensive they are durable and keep their edge for a lot of cutting .
i knew i would love it ,  i mean come on .
i haven t used these yet but they a good quality .
great price on this assortment of oxo tools !  purchased individually they would have been much more expensive .
it brings water to the boil in just a couple of minutes .
i like its size ,  fits on my pants  pocket .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
this is handy as i have permanent chest pain after surgery ,  so lifting can be difficult . it works fine .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it is small but it fits my samsung galaxy num_extend perfect .
megapixels don t mean everything but this num_extend camera is spectacular .
the light is just right ,  not too bright .
very sharp and has a nice ,  thin blade .
easy to use and no problem charging the phone when it gets low on power .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
really like these large cups when i want to relax with a big cup of tea .
keeps your phone from slipping out of your hand and provides protection from the screen hitting the ground .
the top does lock on well ,  but any liquid can still leak out around the edge very easily .
while it does perform the task ,  it does it about as well as a transistor radio . the headset is comfortable .
the main reason was to help me keep our tile floors clean and looking good .
they let me return it and sent me a new one that works great .
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
the adds very little to the profile of the phone but keeps it nicely protected .
the case fits all the ports perfectly ,  but the volume buttons are a little harder to use .
i was surprised at how small this little guy is .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i will buy another when the time comes .
a nice accessory to have in the car .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
and cast iron is easy to clean and maintain .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
the clips are grippy and the magnets are pretty strong too .
it may not look pretty ,  but the popcorn is terrific .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
i bought the item to give it as a gift to my son .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
the system allows me to use the same headset for both .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i actually just purchased a trident silicone case and found it to be more protective and not as bulky .
it s a cute case and i think i ll be ordering a second one in another color .
hopefully it s just user error that i ll correct it ,  even so ,  it s an amazing machine .
this however ,  is perfect for just a few cups .
we liked it well enough to buy two more .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
it was scratched heavily in two places so i had doubts about it but it s pretty freakin strong .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
the fact that they re downright inexpensive is just a bonus .
i got a good deal when buying num_num packs of this .
this is a flexible cover that has a ribbed back .
i use it once a while and it is very handy and very easy to clean .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
i was afraid it was not going to be tall enough at first ,  but it s just fine .
the screen is really crisp and bright and sunlight legibility is very decent .
but in my opinion ,  it s a pain without feet on it ,  and i recommend them too .
by the way ,  the cups are a pretty nice size compared to the old  teacup  style .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i ve used it now for two weeks and it is still firmly in place and doing its job .
it preforms well but really needs a mouse to make it perfect .
it is light weight so i can easily carry it in my bag .
the cord has a velcro strip to wrap in place when not in use ,  very handy !  .
i even got a screen protector with my order and that alone is worth num_num bucks .
although this is a motorola charger ,  it works great for my droid incredible .
compared to more expensive one this is worth the buy .
however ,  at the time this battery worked very well .
it looks much more expensive and good than it actually costs .
i bought this as a christmas present for my daughter .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
the quality is a little low ,  but so far so good .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
if anything changes i will be sure to update !  .
i had to work with a little trial and error ,  but i figured it out .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
it still has the original battery in it .
i m looking forward to christmas cookie baking this year with these new cm pans !  .
it s also a great scoop to move your chopped ingredients to another container .
that way ,  they ll be crispy on the outside and just yummy on the inside .
i will note it s a little large ,  but as long as it charges my phone ,  i m good .
can t beat it for all in one device ,  especially if a camera is important .
i was also concerned that this pan would seem small ,  but it is nicely sized and attractive .
this is a very useful case if you want to hold just one card .
it looks fragile ,  but it holds up to my heavy hand .
i bought this great little vac to replace my broken eureka quickup ,  and wow ,  what a difference .
i decided to give this one a try and i am glad i did .
i liked the juice i got from this .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
this holster fits my bb num_num like a glove .
i really wasn t expecting them to be that good !  for num_num bucks well worth .
this case isn t a perfect fit ,  but it does the job .
it s a nifty little tool to have in my drawer .
these screen guards are cheap ,  but they fit well and are easy to install .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
if you drop it in the water it will leak ,  but otherwise this is the best tub ever .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
although the headband looks like it could snap anytime ,  it actually holds up pretty good .
it s a nice phone for not a lot of money .
be sure to clean it after every use .
i have many headsets for phone calls ,  but this was the first one that had nice music quality .
chunks ,  turn the handle a few times and you have a plate of beautiful long spaghetti .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
the blade is less sharp  as you might expect  but the weight gives a nice follow through .
i will be getting another one of these .
i like it better than the plastic or aluminum ones they sell .
the unit worked well with the software and had good to very good sound quality .
it doesn t look very sturdy but it actually gives the righ amount of protection .
but other than that it looks nice on phone .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
that is ,  until i found this popcorn popper .
the reviews on this were a little mixed ,  but i took a shot . it was a good bet .
these batteries work as well as the oem one that came with the phone .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i gave a try online and i found this .
these are large ,  heavy and solid like most oxo well built .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i purchased this item due to the good reviews .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it is really nice be able to get replacement parts rather than get a whole new machine .
the price is verry good the same stuff you find in a regular store except cheaper .
since i have other oxo products and love them ,  i thought i would try these .
good replacement battery for you samsung galaxy num_extend epic touch .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
i was happy to find them on amazon because i haven t been able to find any in the stores .
i bought this in num_extend and still use it regularly .
plus i got four items for the price of one .
i wanted a good freshly ground cup of coffee and this little grinder can deliver that .
it is always useful to have a battery backup when traveling .
i am using it with slippers and it just perfect .
i bought it second hand to begin with .
you can get your iphone in a protective case in this case but it is a tight fit .
the main downside is the grind is very fine even on it s most coarse setting .
it s a several step process and again takes time and skill to do .
i used it for making my own tomato sauce and it did a good job .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i bought this after looking at most the other comments .
the material is a good flexible rubber and smooth to the touch .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
i was surprised to find that i was impressed .
headset is nice compact and fairly strong but ear pieces dont hug the head well .
it is a bigger size which is exactly what i needed .
i have had this only for a few weeks but have been impressed so far !  .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
read my reviews and you will see this over and over .
great caps !  i bought these because the metal ones rust .
not sure if others got a bad cable but mine works great .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
they are great for bulk cereal and chip bags .
there is a built in headphone jack that works great with my sony earbuds .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i did cook with it on a few occasions and it worked just fine .
for the price ,  i think this is the best value out there .
bought this as a gift along with num_num matching scoops .
works great with roasts and bread which is all i ve used it for so far .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
it was more flexible than i was expecting ,  but it s a snug fit and feels good in my hands .
it worked perfectly fine for the htc evo num_extend
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
i like this case but dont love it .
great product i have ordered few because i keep break mine or just losing them all together .
the cover is flexible but feels strong enough to protect it moderately .
it s kept my num_extend in basically perfect condition .
this thing works great with a droid mini and a galaxy num_extend
one has lasted me half a year so they re decent .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
best cable i have purchased and in fact ,  just ordered another one today .
my first cup which was drank with a certain amount of apprehension was just eye opening good .
it s a screen protector it does it s job .
i ve had this for quite some time and use it often .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i ve made cookies and pizza in them ,  and even with pizza it crisps the bottom pretty well .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
give these as gifts when people notice mine .
this will work for me for the time being .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
the difference is considerable in weight and quality with num_num being the better of the two .
the results are better than i initially imagined .
it s very small but can hold a decent amount of water .
i cant believe i could replace my old one at such a great price !  .
i got it on sale in a store for half the price but i would get again !  .
i had a litle hard time understanding how it all went to geather but it worked good .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
after i bought a new one i found it .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
they are filled with lots and lots of calories .
my $ one was not . terrific value ,  terrific price ,  fast shipping .
this is a fairly functional measuring cup if i do say so myself .
good purchase ,  i recommended that product to other customers .
it s quick and easy and makes my cooking time shorter .
sure beats having to carry the unnecessarily lengthy sync cable that comes with the device .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping .
you get an adrenaline burst along with your caffeine !  .
i love the fact that i can involve my num_num year old in the process .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
highly and i think most stuff is a scam but this is worth it .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i used it the same day i got it .
received it on time and if i needed it again i would buy it .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
i got this for my droid incredible cell phone .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i gave it num_num stars .  .  .  . as a light weight meat grinder it works well .
thank you ,  amazon for pricing it so that i could afford them .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
it cleans up really well just rinsing under water after use .
if they fail i ll update my review . highly recommend !  .
also great for ice cream or a bowl of granola .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
got a device to test voltage and amperage from chargers .
this is a really great phone ,  though not with the updated phone feature of a touch screen .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
it s comfortable enough that i sometimes forget i m wearing it .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
the price is reasonable . i amnot sure what else one can elaborate on such an item .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
but it was so nice i ended up buying another one for me .
anything that needs a high power ,  num_num amp charger this is great for .
i ve tried it just once ,  but so far ,  so good .
i ve had no problems and i think they are great !  .
wifi option is great for hotspots and at home with a wireless router ,  esp .
the screen and camera are much better than the num_extend
we had a speck brand before this until it wore out and this one is very comparable .
for the price ,  they were a very good purchase .
this turned out to be just what we wanted as a gift .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
these charger hold up better than any other car charger you can get for this price .
i have tried countless screen protectors and these by far have impressed me the most .
i tried maple syrup and that was great ,  allowing for even spreading on the waffle .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
one thing i have learned ,  and that is to keep the filters clean .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
i might invest in something with better sound quality but for a starter ,  this is a great choice .
it has quality of simply calphalon so i don t expect it to be heavy like calphalon commercial line .
i like it much better than the num_extend i am currently using .
i bought it to match in my car .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
this thing works so well i have to turn the volume down .
because of the slight bend in the shape it is usable as a spatula .
i decided it looked like the best deal for the money and decided to give it a try .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
i have been cooking for over num_num years and i am truly enjoying this wonderful item .
i was surprised how fluffy they came out .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
the first time i tried it ,  it worked nicely .
it takes some time to charge but it does the job .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
worked pretty good with my samsung num_extend and now works ok with my lg num_extend
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
it is a good price too ,  its too bad others aren t getting the right or same product .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
while the instructions are not super clear ,  the pictures give you a good idea of what to do .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
would buy this product again ,  especially in the other colors !  .
i was so surprised that the actual product in my kitchen product has blown my expectations through the roof .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
it has a lifetime warranty and they take care of you when you contact them for a replacement .
thought it wouldn t hold the phone correctly but it does and allows for charging during long trips .
as long as you charge it for about num_num hours ,  this thing is amazing .
other than that ,  this is a great product !  .
this charger works great and is short ,  unlike most chargers .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
its a really nice unit and i should know .
the feel of the pen in terms of length ,  diameter and heft is really quite nice .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
like most oxo products ,  this has a great grippy handle .
they are durable glasses and do not easily break like some glasses .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
oh and it took a bit longer to ship than expected but it was worth the wait .
i am trying t switch over to glass containers and these work great .
for me having the headphone cables out of the picture is worth the drop in music quality .
the material is a little cheap but other than that i love it .
this samsung galaxy tab num_extend tablet screen protector film fits perfectly on the tablet .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
price here was cheaper than in the retail store ,  so got a good deal .
i was not sure about this one but the sound is pretty good and loud enough .
the num_num bottle size allows for a nice assortment of spices .
i like that these are plastic and sturdy !  no rusting .
the pads are softer and wear and lack this ones aggression . i am very happy with this unit .
i have had this product for almost two years now and it s still working great .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it s a small capacity but works for me .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
it doesn t do a whole lot ,  but what it does ,  it does well .
it s pretty easy to set it up to connect to wireless networks .
it s dressy enough to wear with my suits and casual enough to wear with my jeans .
i haven t used it much yet but so far so good .
it doesn t get stained and stays really sharp .
can t do that so good with this kind of can opener .
a definite must if your phone gets banged around a lot .
this had such great reviews ,  so i got it .
well ,  it works fine except for earplug fit .
works well with no fan and does not get too hot .
the food processor works great mostly; has a couple things i don t like about it .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
i just bought this one again as a gift for my num_extend
the control buttons are a bit small ,  but overall a good tool .
i don t have a lot of room to store all different sizes ,  so this works great !  .
i put on the music on my ipod ,  and wow .
the handle is more hand fitting than the old one .
if you can get it for cheap and it lasts for a while then i think it s worth it .
i wish i had purchased this for my device a long time ago ,  it works and fits well .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
pretty won t happen the first time but it will taste good regardless .
i have had this blender for several years num_extend it works great .
i liked having this vacuum as an everyday pick up .
now my great review is not so amazing .
so for me this is a wonderful grinder at a reasonable price .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
she says it doesn t alter the flavor of the tea and seems to keep it fresh .
i got two for one !  !  !  when i open the package i realized i must cut to size .
i like the small size and light weight .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this knife is super sharp ,  if you are tempted to feel the edge i recommend that you don t .
i have used it three times and each time like it more .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
they are better than the more expensive protectors that i ve used in the past .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
i have the next size bigger as well and it is to large .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i put on the music on my ipod ,  and wow .
i purchased this based on the excellent amazon reviews .
the rubber seals are a bit loose ,  but they get the job done well enough for me .
so i recommend the product for num_extend work very good .
i really liked the pink color and it looks pretty .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it comes with a cleaning brush that gets some of the reside out .
i origionaly had the num_extend that is a great headset .
this can t compare to an otterbox but it s worth the $ i spent for it .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
protected the screen well and kept it from being too scratched .
i found this corer to be sturdy while coring out the middles of the apples .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
great product but i wish they would make a case that fits the extended battery because i have it .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
it s easy to snap together and easy to pry off if you ever need to get at the battery .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
i had a small issue that was my own fault and this company was outstanding with customer service .
i have only used this a couple of times to move the skillet around and so far ,  so good .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
they keep my hands cool when the skillet handle is hot .
it is definitely not a family size dish ,  but a nice size for a small casserole .
yes ,  i know canned soup is bad for you but it s great for a quick dinner and clean up .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
very handy for your macbook air that does not have an ethernet port .
we had to fold it up to make it look nice .
i was even more thrilled when i got it .
didn t give much protection but it did look nice !  .
i got it new on ebay cheaper than amazon .
it s difficult to move around becuase of it s weight ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
matter of fact have this one on my phone right now !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  .
hi ! i got this for my samsung infuse with the extended battery and cover for when i ll be out awhile .
fits well product true to description came in original packaging . satisfied but should have chosen a darker color .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i had purchased some other ones that were not compatible and this one does the job .
for someone with a disability or arthritis  or just weakness in your hands  this is perfect .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
i wanted a scoop that could give me some hearty size cookies and this does the job .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i got this as a christmas gift for my son in law .
it is absolutely rock solid ,  super sturdy and heavy .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
this is a good product to protect the screen of an iphone .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i ordered this and it arrived in a few days .
it works as i hoped for and installing was rather easy .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
exit great coffee maker . some reviewers have complained that this coffee maker is hard to fill with water .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
we bought this mixer to replace an old kitchenaid that finally died after num_num years . we both love this mixer .
the hinge has a solid and satisfying spring assisted snap to it .
the good thing also is that it doesn t bubble my screen protector .
it works fine ,  although i had some doubts .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
my cookies came out so fantastic i couldn t believe it .
it preforms well but really needs a mouse to make it perfect .
go for the name brand and you can trust the quality .
this does what it is supposed to do .
it made my phone accessible yet it was protected .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
other than being too thin for my taste ,  they seemed very nice .
bought product as a test and was impressed ,  worked well and the food was not rubbery but quite nice .
other than that ,  the case itself is pretty good .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i have used it a few times with no issues . i highly recommend them .
the surface is good ,  but its not that good !  .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
i don t care for that as i paid for new merchandise but the unit has performed well so far .
they are weather friendly and can withstand the rain .
these are definitely difficult to apply but amazing once on correctly .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
it is not an air conditioner ,  but for moderate temperature control ,  the fan is very nice .
with the rebate making this headset well under $ it s a fantastic value .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it is nice to have that in just one ear .
i did not have to add any extra coffee and it taste so good .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
i ve tried other flavors ,  mostly teriyaki ,  and it just doesn t come close to how good this stuff is !  .
another good thing about this pan ,  as with all calphalon sold on amazon ,  it is an amazing price .
after a good oil down with this stuff it makes the wood look beautiful !  !  !  .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
comes in a variety of sizes and napkins too .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
and good size to fit in my kitchen .
bought for grandson ,  and he was excited to get it ,  and said he liked it very much .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
works great !  have used it daily for about a month .
i also like being able to add a little cereal to my oatmeal and not messing with boxes .
the range is good ,  battery life is good i only wish they came with more ear inserts as spares .
also ,  not allowing my hubby to put them in the dishwasher is a good idea as well .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i have used these to make a creative lattice on pies .
doesn t totally fit my num_extend perfectly but it does work .
at first i thought the red cups would be too red but i really like the colour .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
having the coiled wire is also nice keeping it from getting tangled .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
the parts feel solid and the threads and mounting pins look sturdy .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
would recommend i used this for an iphone .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
the best point is it takes aaa batteries so they are easy to replace .
i love it . i am not sure how this new one will measure up to the older unit .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
it is a genuine otterbox ,  so it is worth the money .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
the spout prevents most spills  if you pour it reasonably carefully  ,  and a comfortable handle .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it took about a week to come in but it was worth the wait .
this sprayer is greatly recommendedfor those wishing to save money instead ofbuying spray .
this is a very protective cover for your phone .
i m partially deaf and it cancels out background noises so well even i can hear voices very clearly .
this unit gets very hot ,  which is typical of convection cooking ,  but the sides stay cool to the touch .
nice ,  more sturdy than i d expected for the price .
it snaps right on and stays locked in place .
love it ,  and will miss it when it  goes  .
there is a little more bass and treble sounds good .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
the little piece that fits into the charging dock doesn t fit too great ,  but overall the product is great .
have had this on for about num_extend years now ,  and it still looks great .
i d buy it again if i ever needed to .
this was purchased for an htc evo num_extend and i liked it because it s namebrand .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the best part is that the blade is dishwasher proof ,  making clean up really easy .
got this espresso maker when my old one broke .
it s excellent on my hard floors especially as i have less furniture .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
they are wide enough to hold lots of things .
i have only had it for a week but .  .  .  .  . works better than expected .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
my charger came  two days earlier than estimated  and works fine .
it looks pretty cool on my phone too .
i like the smell though and they serve my individual purpose .
heavy and a little difficult to clean but worth the extra effort !  .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i did have to make sure i popped it in just right .
this one is decent ,  but not drip proof .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
other than that ,  this thing is worth the money .
it nicely allows for the display of the apple logo on back of phone .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
i am not a juicing fanatic ,  just enjoy homemade lemonade and margaritas .
it s just the material that gives you that soft feeling that attracts stains .
read a few of the reviews and the price was great .
i thought it was going to take longer ,  so that was a nice surprise .
our main use for the pan is to fry eggs and it does the job right .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
they recommend that the beans not be overly oily as to not gum up the works .
it has a lifetime warranty and they take care of you when you contact them for a replacement .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
i prefer to use a stylus with my kindle and often needed a pen as well .
the headphones are a bit heavy to run with ,  but for relaxing around the house they are great .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
be very careful of your fingers though ,  it is extremely sharp .
i have gotten lots of comments on it .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
it even come with its own power supply in case you have power hungry peripherals .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this adds a subtle ,  yet different ,  flavor to the homemade noodles .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
this skillet was included in the set ,  as well as a smaller one and several pots . pros : excellent heat conduction .
i can t explain why ,  but they taste even better that way .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it was also very cheap ,  so very happy with the purchase .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
that seems to make the best coffee if i want flavored coffee  .
although i have not put it through its paces ,  so far ,  so good .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i would buy it again and may do this sooner too !  .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
i use this every day to keep up with the pet hair and it does a good job .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
i got two and they both fit good in the closet .
the cord is capable of both charging and data transfer from my pc .
last one lasted num_num years !  hope this will last as well .
has the belt loop for no lose situations  ,  clip is nice and snug also .
it was very well wrapped in bubble wrapping .
i purchased this about two years ago and it s held up fine .
it has a num_extend output on both usb ports  again ,  that actually work at the same time !   .
the lid doesn t fit as cleanly as i d like but otherwise it s a great product .
i was extremely happy and i can t wait to get a new one !  !  !  !  .
it s good to use when you get a difficult can to open .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
this is the only armband i have found that fits the phone without having to take off the case .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i bought this for me last summer ,  and i loved it so much ,  i bought another as a gift .
i also like that it can be converted to a usb connector and used with your computer .
it has a very nice matte finish ,  making it soft to the touch and probably scratch resistant .
i bought these at $ with free shipping .
i ve had one of these for about num_num years now ,  and it works fine .
this usb cable works great !  i have had no issues with it .
i was leary about this item but i love it .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
holds a lot of pepper corns and has different grinds .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
when folded ,  the num_extend is even smaller than expected . it is lightweight and very comfortable to wear .
have dropped my phone a couple of times and it is still in one piece and working .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
this one is so affordable even if it breaks ,  i wouldn t mind much .
it also stays clean looking and doesn t show water spots or finger prints as readily as other models .
then i mounted it near the roofline and i m good .
i love my cuisinart coffee maker and i would only buy cuisinart replacement parts for it .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
i will definitely buy this product again when i need to replace these .
so far has held up well to several weeks of use .
well for the price i think it is ok .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
the battery in the unit works great ,  i never worry if i have enough charge .
i was worried this wouldn t work as well with the touch screen ,  but it s great .
not my thing ,  but good to know ! it does have several num_extend
my phone now stays charged for well over a day .
other than the missing screen protector ,  good product .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
can t do that so good with this kind of can opener .
a definite must if your phone gets banged around a lot .
this is a nice case ,  i had to return it ,  while is durable ,  it is just bigger than expected .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i got it pretty fast in the mail .
much better than i d expected for the price .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
great to be able to get replacement parts for my machine .
thankfully ,  you can always reseason it if you make a mistake . great investment ,  i recommend you buy .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
it clicks when you plug it in and the light comes on when plugged in .
camera takes incredible pictures in bright light but is brutal in low light situations .
i purchased two  directly from amazon  and both work flawlessly with my bluetooth headset and phone .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
it help keeps the screen protector on and keeps the phone from scratches .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
unfortunately things get broken and this was the perfect replacement .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
it looks great  some of the others i have seen out there are gaudy and conspicuous .
if you anchor these with as many screws as possible you really cant beat the strength .
it came well packaged without any perceivable damage .
it doesn t replace my regular sweeper ,  but it s definitely a great addition to cut down on my cleaning time !  !  .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
for the price you can t go wrong ,  looks great on my iphone num_extend and is pretty aesthetically appealing .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
the sound !  wow !  i was amazed by the quality ofthe sound .
then i received this knife as a gift .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
however ,  for the price ,  i didn t expect a gorgeous ,  flawless piece of art with a rosewood handle .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
this case has saved my phone from many a fall .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
it works great ,  however ,  i d prefer one a little larger  which i later purchased  .
it is nicer to look at than the picture indicates .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
it does its job and helps when my battery runs out !  .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
needed a car charger and found this one .
i bought the big box and i can t imagine needing a bigger one .
highly recommend if you don t like cold butter that doesn t spread .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
the first thing i cooked in this cooker was a roast and it was magnificent .  .  . lol .
i received this the day after i ordered it .
incredible product and so thrilled that i ordered it .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
i researched cleaners on the amazon site and was impressed by the reviews on this hoover .
i wasn t expecting much for the price but have been pleasantly surprised .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
the chrome colored parts of this case are plastic ,  but the rest looks nice .
for $ they have a cheap plasticy feeling but they re comfortable enough for me especially for the price .
by messing around i got it to work but it takes effort .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
it still works and i ll continue to use it ,  just wish it didn t look rusty on the edges .
all of the good quality batteries i have used have delivered their rated capacity or better .
these can be hard to find ,  but this is a very useful size of spring form pan .
i particularly like to use mine in the car because the handle is helpful when i m driving .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
it is good product ,  but it can t fit boot and man s shoes .
the flavor was stronger than my roasts usually have .
i got this cleaner today and couldn t wait to use it .
so i thought of this as a good option .
the heat lets the butter penetrate a bit .
i was thrilled to get the chance to try out the updated design .
there are cheaper versions of the one i bought but it s worth it .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
it s very quiet other than the inevitable white noise of the fan blades pushing the air .
good for light everyday tasks ,  has an fm radio reciever built in ,  requires headphones as an antennae .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
also ,  amazon had an excellent price for the num_extend
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
love it ,  love it ,  love it !  !  !  i made buttercream icing and the recipe calls for powdered sugar .
i used it for one slow cooker meal and liked it .
i have about num_num other panasonic rice cookers and panasonic just makes the best rice cookers .
i love espresso drinks from starbucks and other coffee places .
not very often a product that is this good can be found anymore .
this amazing charged has brought back the camera not used for two years . the battery lasted pretty long .
i actually love it so much that i came back to amazon to buy another one .
only used these a few times now ,  but so far they re working great and i haven t had any problems .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
then if i turned it up a notch ,  it shrieked . this new dect num_extend gives wonderful sound quality .
i got this to replace my original battery .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
don t know how ,  but maybe it s just me . overall ,  very great phone for a very great price .
the bottom shape is a little different from others :  flatter ,  making it more useful in practice .
i also have a tiny one but i use this one the most .
the material is fairly thin and lightweight ,  making them very easy to use .
offers dual protection silicone from shock and a hard case for ruggedness .
the quality is better than the ones i have bought by spending $ or more .
the salesman at verizon recommended this ,  so i bought one from amazon .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
plugged it in ,  checked the connections and it worked great .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
it s nice that it has a fm transmitter so i can play over car s stereo system .
the blue light makes it kind of cool looking ,  but its still just a power cord .
i m happy to say that it presents no problems in my case .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the sliver comes with a selection of ear gels to optimize fit and comfort .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it s true !  this cable outperforms the original !  when i charge my phone ,  it s chargier .
this makes the incredible thinner and lighter num_extend ounces compared to the droid s num_num ounces  .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
in fact i bought the first one for the cup ,  a great travel mug .
i previously owned an num_extend and was impressed with the quality for the price .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i m glad i purchased it at a reasonable price .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
i got this to replace my old one .
this corkscrew works so effortlessly it s something i wouldn t believe without trying it .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
this cord is shorter than the original cord that came with the phone ,  but it still does the job .
nothing beats this stovetop espresso maker for a good ,  dark cup of espresso .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
it comes with two adapters and one of them allows you to fit the num_extend
i have had one for several years and got this one for a friend .
you can listen to music also through it from your phone .
a game that has a rich ,  always moving num_extend environment ,  such as glyder ,  previously suffered from slowdown hiccups .
the price was cheap and it is a great product .
i ve also dropped my phone a couple times and the bumper did its job .
i like the look of this grey one too .
i use for music and taking calls over bluetooth and it is good .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
i m starting to get quite a collection of these .
decent enough quality ,  i wash and dry by hand .
had difficult installing but it s a great product .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
while these aren t noise canceling ,  they do a good job of blocking out the ambient noise .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
it does however offer good protection from scuffs scratches wear and tear chips etc .
good quality product ,  but i would prefer glass instead of plastic .
if you want one go ahead and buy these .
wish i had purchased it years ago .  .  .  . highly recommend .
works good for sealing ,  rice ,  coffee ,  sugars ,  and other foods .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
i have an iphone num_extend and it fits well without any of the adapters .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
but with num_extend this is a powerhouse for the price .
mine suffered a small melt at contact point on iron skillet ,  but still funcitions great .
frothy milk makes even standard coffee taste like a treat .
this truly might be the best product i ever brought in my lifetime .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i have no problems pairing with my phone and it fits my ear just fine .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it may be made in china ,  but it seems to be holding up .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
it doesn t hold onto an odor or taste ,  and it is easy and simple to wash ,  clean ,  and use .
i have tried the wired fm transmitters and i must say that this one is awesome to be wireless .
small enough blade ,  but large handle for great control ,  which is essential when using a knife !  .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this works very well ,  only for a couple months though .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i bought this for my iphone num_extend and im pretty pleased with it .
probably not up to par with the quality of a genuine apple product ,  but very reasonable none the less .
i have given these for gifts and also have had two sets of them over the years .
guy ,  and i was surprised at the effort it took .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
the delivery was ok and the package was in almost perfect condition .
if you re looking for a sturdy usb ac charger for your iphone ,  ipod or ipad ,  this one is excellent .
it comes with two adapters and one of them allows you to fit the num_extend
bought this to use when camping and love it .
i like the short handle because my hands are small and it allows me to have better control .
it is still usable ,  i just wish it didn t curl .
it is a simple idea but well excuted .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got this for my num_num year old .
i needed a car charger for my new iphone and this fits the bill .
this is very nice ,  though it is smaller than i did expect it to be .
you pay a premium for the name ,  but they are fantastic .
works very well ,  but i have to use pliers when it needs to be remove for any other device .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
they re great ,  not much more i can say .
i am pretty sure that isn t good to ingest cheap ,  but works nicely for what i want .
i will definately purchase more in the future .
check out my review of it here on amazon as well !  .
: dthe call quality is nice , loud ,  and clear .  .  . much better than my old cell phone .
i definitely plan on keeping this grinder for many years .
would recommend i used this for an iphone .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
perfect for those times the power goes out .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
it is water resistant so you can run under the faucet to clean .
i have had them for roughly num_num months now and im happy .
it works !  we have a cordless house phone with num_num extensions ,  and two cell phones .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
well i received it and started using right away .
spend a few dollars more and get the bigger model ,  it is well worth it .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
fits the phone perfectly  samsung galaxy num_extend and seems to charge faster than the generics did .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
this will save money in the long run and it s much more environmentally friendly .
plus ,  amazon got it to me within two days of purchase .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
looking forward to using this as my garden grows .
very good especially in relation to the price i paid .
the box is a bit big but it hooks to your belt or pocket .
it s a great quality phone but it still seems overpriced for its age .
i had to buy another one . i liked the features that this one promised so i ordered it .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
these are nice good price however a couple were scratch and the colors are not the same .
so ,  my major concern was pleasantly not an issue . next ,  the unit is well made .
other then that its good for the price .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
i like to change my phone cover a lot so it was nice to find this one .
quite a beautiful pink and is the one i am currently using .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
takes about num_num minutes on medium gas heat to brew ,  well work it for a classic taste !  .
it s a great way to avoid bpa and other plastic chemicals leaching into your food .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i was happily surprised to receive a  lifetime warranty  with it ,  also .
thanks to amazon and customer reviews this caught my attention .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
price on amazon was great at less than $
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
other than this issue it is a good product .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
this charger is so much better quality than some of the others i ve had .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
as others have mentioned the knives are super sharp .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
charged it up and now the phone works like it did when it was new .
i use it every day and i know it will last for years to come .
you can t can on this type of stove !  i found this out after several tries .
just wish i could find a good rack to put inside it that fits .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
a lot of craftsmanship went into the making of this thing .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
these screen protectors were purchased for my samsung galaxy num_extend epic ,  it was a perfect fit .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i ll definitely be looking for this brand in the future for screen protection .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
it brews my green iced tea just the way i like it .
it s about double the price but is well worth it .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
i had it in a couple of days .
quality of product is excellent ,  especially as inexpensive as it is .
it s perfect for daily use and it s good for one cup not for big gathering .
these screen protectors have no glare at all and are easy to install with perfect measuremints .
after a little while i tried it in my left ear and it sounded really good .
it s made of a rubbery plastic ,  much harder than the silicone ones but still providing good grip .
it s also helpful for measuring ingredients when recipes call for multiple tablespoons or teaspoons of something .
the size is great for num_num or num_num people .
i also use the proper rice for the cooker .
i find these cables more dependable and sturdier than oem .
this is a super product for those of use who still prefer butter .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
it s not thin ,  just a nice weighted feel without being too heavy .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
if you re not too particular about your coffee ,  it s a fine option .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i picked this item up at a local store .
their items are too expensive ,  but they are nice .
smooth and tasty ,  no sugar needed to counteract the bitterness .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i m going to still keep this one also .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
best to have something that fits the bill correctly than destroy your hardware .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it isn t as thick as i would like ,  but i like it anyway .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
this color  hot pink  is really hot pink !  !  i was surprised .
this product arrived sooner than expected and seem to be of a good quality .
its a rubber case and its really good .
it is sturdy but ,  i wish it were a little larger .
the touch screen is responsive and i ve never had problems with it .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
what a great upgrade !  granted the original refurbish one had to be returned ,  but i m not worried .
i really love this case ,  and need to get a new one .
i just had a few cups of coffee ,  it does the job well .
this is on of the few items i have found to actually be less expensive in the store .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i am very happy with this skin !  the argile doesn t show up very well .  .  . but that was great for me .
they are extremely comfortable ,  and i think they look pretty good on me .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
but in my opinion ,  it s a pain without feet on it ,  and i recommend them too .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
also it can also make the items liquidy .
since i bought my kitchenaid i have bought several attachments ,  and this has turned out very useful .
the crimps on the sides make it easy to hold .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i was surprised at how quickly the oven heated .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
this cable is an economical choice for a backup to the cable that came with your device .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
finally we got it after ordering twice and waiting almost two months .
not sure if others got a bad cable but mine works great .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
but its still better than my original battery .
wow !  this great !  i have more than num_extend and num_num videos .
the battery that came with this has been my best battery and lasted a year of heavy use .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
so it has multiple uses for it ,  which is great .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
i like having a lid in case something needs to be refrigerated .
it s cordless so i can take it anywhere .
i sure hope the product is really new .
alot of dust get in those spots . the attached screen protector is neat .
works great !  needed a replacement for my old charger .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
i ve had this for a couple of years now and it is still going .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
but other than that i love the gadget .
this litte gem of a coffee maker really does the job .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
as a phone ,  performance with call quality is decent ,  although there were a few occasional dropped calls .
i m still using it to this day and the battery will last longer .
a great little product !  the only drawback is that i prefer a pot with a removable lid .
i looked around ,  and found these were a great price .
i recommend this kit to anyone needing a replacement .
for video recording ,  its pretty good ,  and can easily replace a digital num_extend
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the tiers are adjustable to fit different kinds of shoes .
other then that ,  it s great and i would purchase again .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i like these a bit better than the messermeister sleeves that i also have .
i bought these glasses because they were inexpensive ,  while still appearing to be of good quality .
very fast processor and with a num_num g sd card probably faster .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i have been looking for a product like this for ages and this one is fantastic .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
these bags are better quality than the longer ones i purchased from a different source .
i ve had this about a month and use it often .
and for the price that you get it at .
received it in very good condition and no problems .
i had to buy another one . i liked the features that this one promised so i ordered it .
it s very cute ,  but it didn t last but a few months .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
this thing is a little odd looking but it s just beautifully engineered .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
it seems to work good now after using it for a few months .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i m not sure what the num_num star people did wrong ,  but this stuff is fantastic .
this is an excellent knife for some one who needs a small paring knife .
it made in china but it worth of money .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
much better than all the mr coffee s i ve had .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it was comfortable and survived my washing machine once .
we got rid of that one when we got the new coffee grinder .
the num_extend headset is an excellent headset ,  and the best of its kind that i ve used .
works well ,  especially needed now that i m getting some arthritis in my hands .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
idk !  the price was good for a quick replacement for something i already have and use everyday .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
it stays hot for well over num_num hours !  even past that time it stays quite warm .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
the way it feels in my hands is different .
my new wallet is so much nicer . i m very happy with my purchase !  .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
it is surprised me at the first time when i used it .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
they are inexpensive ,  easy to install and good quality .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i bought one for num_extend and it worked so got one for my niece .
meets my needs although i would have liked to have an even bigger bag .
i was a little surprised at how flexible this spatula really is .
love it !  i needed a backup battery when the one in my phone died .
very nice to use if you have nails .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
i was not sure about this one but the sound is pretty good and loud enough .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
it protects the back and the camera lens  good  .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
it s nothing fancy but it is heavy and looks to be well built .
it took a while to receive them ,  but they were packaged well and are what i needed .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
the adapter they give you is great ,  and i put it on mysennheiser pmx num_num sports earbud headphonesfor exercise .
the usb chord is extremely short so it works best to connect it to a computer .
this purchase was a gift for our daughter .
washed it a couple of times and came out great .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
htc wanted $ for a new one ,  so i checked with amazon and found this one .
it s battery life is good but i didn t want to take chances .
this can opener opens your cans in a different way .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
better tasting ,  healthier and easier than conventional methods .
the inner lid is removable and cleaning it is also a breeze .
i like the pans and the quality of them .
ordered it for a buddy of mine as a gift .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
every pot of coffee is consistent after finding the right balance of grinding time ,  beans and water .
it worked fine for just over a year .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
but the mount works perfectly without being hooked onto the dashboard  it doesn t slide around  .
i took them right back and got another pair .
handy to have when the power is out .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
got one for my wife and ones for my daughters .
i was initially concerned the motor might not hold up to the task ,  but it performed beautifuly .
i will say the seller was excellent i recieved the product when promised and at a good price .
this little pan is so cute and it s uses are limited .
they are well made and thus far i have no complaints .
i got these because of the rating and price point .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i also really appreciate that i don t need special  adapters  to charge my devices .
if it holds up as well as i think it should ,  i would consider it a good purchase .
it s a good buy and cheap too !  well ,  cheaper than retail anyway .
i have other norpro products and find them to be good quality and moderately priced .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
it does lift up your screen protector if its not perfectly lined up .
i think this is one of the best features .
i got this mattress because of very competitive price and first favorable impressions .
very simple to set up ,  and i wish the iphone had something similar .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
it is a stainless steamer with a glass lid that fits very snugly .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
however ,  more often than not you ll have a good experience .
there really good headphones and i like that they were a good price .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
these work well for your kitchen pots and pans that do not have an insulating handle .
i tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great .
i m very happy with my jabra num_extend headset .
i had it roughly for about num_num months and worked great on a couple of road trips .
i ended up buying another i liked the brush so well .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
i figured i would need two bags ,  but they both fit nicely into one !  good product .
great find for me ,  as the original bowl for my food processor broke .
pros : very inexpensive way to replace your batteries . spares come in handy . led indicator changes color as it charges .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this is a good product and it helps to have an extra battery on hand .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
cleaning it can be a chore but its worth it .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
in reality it is a lighter and brighter yellow but it s still very nice .
it s what i was looking for and it s good ,  but i d not call it great .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
these are made very well but not that well .
giving it num_num stars because it s a good product overall .
i have neck pain and this pillow is perfect for neck support .
i used to use swifter vac before i bought this one and thought it was working great .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
took me a few minutes to put together and just beautiful .
love to use it to cut french fries .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
i think this was only about $ so i m happy with it .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
the wash nicely in a dishwasher or by hand .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
i got these bowls to cut down on serving sizes while dieting .
i got this knowing i would have to trim it to fit my ipod .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
worth the few extra dollars compared to less expensive ones .
i wasn t disappointed . it s very well constructed ,  especially considering the low price .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
i put it in the refrigerator and when it gets cold ,  i have the perfect glass of iced tea .
i really liked that it didn t smudge or get dirty with use over time .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
thats why i m creating this review because its so good .
it s a good size ,  but not too big .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
you have to insert them well into your ear .
the stainless steel is sturdy and won t break like plastic versions .
the device arrived promptly and works as advertised .
just what i needed !  thought it would be too small ,  but it s perfectly sized for my mini bite needs .
but ,  in a very good way . currently ,  i have an iphone num_extend
an easy solution is to fill it full and pour about a cup out .
will continue to purchase this brand in the future .
it s large size makes it difficult to store ,  but it s worth it .
at home it works flawlessly with my wireless router .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it helps evenly bake as my oven doesn t do a great job on it s own .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
that s just fine with me ,  the flavor is best this way .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
since most mobile devices connect via usb ,  this gives a great amount of flexibility .
i would imagine the consistency of what the bottle is holding makes a difference on how well it works .
i ve bought several and i think it makes good coffee .
these are not so good for data uploading from a phone to a computer ,  but the recharging works well .
the leather on here probably isn t real ,  but it feels really nice .
i thought it may be a cheap like the rest of them .  .  .  . i was so surprised !  very nice quality !  .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
this mini steamer is unbelievable and yet so simple .
i ve had my toaster for several months now and all the darn thing does is make great toast .
these headphones are large ,  but they re solidly made ,  and look like an expensive ,  high quality piece of audio equipment .
my parents have had theirs for num_extend years !  it was a great deal on amazon as well !  .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this product also came with a couple screen protectors that have been better than any other protector i ve found .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
my droid num_num devices and accessories have been used hard and this was a good replacement .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
when i found this at amazon i was thrilled .
needed some replacement filters for this worked really well .
for me the lovely drying towels we have work just fine and add time to the pot .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
on a few occasions it was finicky about connecting to the phone but generally works fine .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
i don t have this phone charger anymore but it worked great .
i can t believe this inexpensive knife is so sharp .
i m really surprised their knives can t withstand it .
you get a great product for a low price .
great product ,  i was expecting the large one to be slightly larger .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
it s iridescent and changes color when viewed from different angles .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
much better than most phones i ve tried ,  including the samsung rogue and blackberry .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
i bought two of these the first time .
i thought it was just gold . but anyways i recommend this item .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i even got one for my wife s iphone .
i bought one set as a gift and decided on something different .
there s not much protection to this case ,  but it looks good .
i got this for my wife to upgrade her num_extend mini pro .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i decided to go with a samsung product . outstanding .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
best cable i have purchased and in fact ,  just ordered another one today .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
only cost me $   !   as i have prime shipping . i am happy with the results .
very different than just a clear screen protector .
works good but kinda hard to read in low light without a flashlight .
it s a little bulky ,  but does the job .
the iphone will scratch on the bottom ,  but as i said ,  it s an aesthetically pleasing case .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
i would buy it again or as a gift for others .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is usable ,  but not perfect for me .
this really protects my headset in my backpack .
i bought one num_num months ago and it s still working great so i just ordered in the second one .
never realized how much  , ilk it takes to make cheese !  !  delicious ! highly recommend !  .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
this unit makes decent coffee but not quite as good as the braun .
this one is so affordable even if it breaks ,  i wouldn t mind much .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
i will buy another when the time comes .
definitely noticed an improvement after i used this .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i purchased this as a replacement for an old plastic one that did the job great .
pros : >>> it is made from quality stainless steel .
the design is good ,  and the adapter goes sideways when plugged into an outlet .
i got tired of always tripping over the cord of my old headphones . the sound quality is very good .
they seem a little bit flimsy but work well .
i have a lot of allergies ,  but this machine picks up everything .
the screens were a little hard to put on but they fit perfectly .
it is also cool it has num_num usb charger port in case you have num_num devices .
it is smooth and seems like a second skin it s not even there !  .
if anything changes i will be sure to update !  .
reset itself when it cooled down ,  nice safety feature .
nothing great but does what it is supposed to do .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
they should make one of these in a nice wood .
i have had them for roughly num_num months now and im happy .
i ve had this machine for about a week ,  and it s getting the job done .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
certainly would have paid much more for this and still have been happy with purchase .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
i needed some new screen protectors and got more than i bargained for .
the stainless steel is heat resistant and should last a lifetime .
this is a sharpening steel and it works well .
have only had it for num_num days but seems to work great so far .
you rinse it off and it s all clean .
works well as a coffee filter ,  but does let sediment through .
it worked really well but the clean up was a hassle .
one of my favorite buys !  i would give it a num_num out of num_num if i could !  .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i thought the price was a bit much for a plastic spatula ,  but it works great .
it s large size makes it difficult to store ,  but it s worth it .
it holds a lot of credit cards and is great when you don t want to carry a purse .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
this case is stylish and but not anywhere as protective as the otter box .  .  .  . great price and fast shipping also .
my phone is a batthery hog !  so this charger comes in handy .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
when this item came up online ,  i snatched it up right away .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
the little blue light lets you know it s on .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
just followed the directions and it worked fine .
i enjoy the case but i ve dropped my phone a couple of times since owning it .
the solar panel is lightweight and folds in half .
these batteries have worked really great ,  no problems .
it cooks wonderfully and there has been no rusting or any other problems .
i use it heavily for work and even so the battery charge is good for num_num or num_num days .
i had to work with a little trial and error ,  but i figured it out .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
i have high hopes for this one ,  too .
i love this pot !  my last large pot was tall ,  which i found a hassle .
it s about time i got one of these !  !  just plug it in the wall and it does the rest .
i generally have been able to buy it for $
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
it was still good but didn t work as well . overall ,  this is a very good product .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
this is really cheap and good quality screen protectors .
this was brought for a friend but i ended up selling it to a friend and he likes it .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
it great for those without built in bluetooth in their cars .
so far ,  though ,  so good . i ve been losing some weight and i want to keep that up .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
i have yet to be able to find it naturally .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
found the replacement here on amazon ,  and for the price ,  it s like getting a brand new mixer again .
the tray itself is great except it would be better if the compartments were somehow adjustable .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i am not a phone dropper but i love to have a nice phone .
my droid num_num devices and accessories have been used hard and this was a good replacement .
the quality is a little low ,  but so far so good .
not as well made as it use to be but still good .
you simply can t beat earbuds like these at this price .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it went through my finger skin very well too lol .
the rubber feels pretty good in my hand .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
needed some gloves that weren t too bulky to use for work and these fit great .
i put the blender end in the dish washer and everything comes out nice and sanitized .
i modified the hole a bit and works fine now .
the handle is pretty generic with not much grip ,  but the blade itself is slender and very appealing .
a nice short ring at an audible level .
this cutting board is pretty good but after a few uses i noticed a few splinters .
the first one looked so good that i bought a second .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
this is good to protect your screen from scratches but it does take some getting used to .
i even put in an iphone num_extend and it holds it in .
i put on the music on my ipod ,  and wow .
sooooo much better than my old plastic one .
it holds num_num ounces ,  and it keeps things hot .
the lid is convenient when using it for wet ingredients that require pouring .
found that i use it more than i thought i would .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
exactly what i wanted ,  with the exception of the size .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
this perfectly portable usb micro cord is num_num inches from end to end when fully extended .
i bought one for num_extend and it worked so got one for my niece .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i have a number of headsets and each seems to have a favorite feature .
i actually loved the headphones that come with it ,  and i am using them separately for other purposes .
it s worth twice what i paid for it .
but the knife came very nice and when i thumbed it ,  it actually ringed .
i like that it is lighter than the marble ones .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
they won t take the place of a more sturdy or solid kind of surface ,  but they work .
i know it looks goofy ,  but i love ,  love ,  love it .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is my biggest complaint although still worth num_extend
put the dough on a good quality num_num inch pizza pan that s been pammed good .
this is a pretty good phone case ,  protects the phone ,  but kind of hard to get to phone quickly .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
these bags are the perfect size for a few items ,  not too much .
i got this for my mom s phone that kept needing charging in the middle of the day .
i bought one for my daughter this year for christmas .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
the first one i ordered had a crack in it ,  but amazon was really good at replacing it immediately .
i tried it with two phones ,  one of them an android ,  and it worked well with both .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
user interface is pretty confusing if you want to utilize all the functions ,  but it s very versatile .
their small ,  inexpensive and you can get them in a lot of different colors .
i am trying to move away from plastics in my kitchen ,  and this is good quality .
almost $ each is a little pricey for a glass bottle ,  but these are nice due to the design .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
i chose a num_num star rating because this is a very nice product .
at age num_num i have my first food processor and i absolutely love it .
plus it also protects my iphone because i tend to drop if often .
the brita pitcher water filtering system is a good idea if you have problems with your tap water .
it s great for drying a small towel after something is wiped up before it goes into the hamper .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
this screen protector did the job for my phone .
it works as i hoped for and installing was rather easy .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
very reasonably priced !  cannot find these in the stores .
i am still using it pretty much every day .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
and the fact that it s so cheap makes it a perfect buy .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
for cookies ,  this makes a good medium to large sized cookie .
it works just like a very similar model i owned in the past .
the voice comes in clear and loud enough to use in noisy areas .
i can drink it very strong and black because of this .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
it allows you to hear the text you have received and also allows you to speak your text response .
we got this to give as a gift and never heard any complaints about it .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
i purchased this coffee mug based on the reviews here at amazon ,  and so far have been pleased .
what i can tell you is that they are a decent value for the purchase price .
i got it on ebay for % off amazons price .
it works wonderfully ,  and i have not had any problems with it .
i was super impressed with this at first .
i don t know what people are expecting as far as sturdiness but these are nicely made and plenty sturdy .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it is a great deal thinner than my num_extend
when i finished my coffee at num_extend this afternoon ,  it was still the perfect temperature .
the blades are sharp !  i cut myself slightly putting the processor together .
much better than the plastic one i had before .
i plugged in a mouse and it worked perfectly .
if anything changes i will be sure to update !  .
it s a simple ,  straightforward drainer board ,  enough for your needs .
perfect for your earbuds ,  protects from wires getting angled and the earbuds pulling off the ear piece .
great low profile back up battery with a laser .
the sound is decent and it feels pretty comfortable resting in my ear .
i own a miele fior the heavy duty cleaning but this little vac is wonderful for quick pick ups .
hard to figure out  ,  but it fit the phone .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i ve been using these for about num_num months now and they work great .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
i purchased these less than a month ago and they are working well so far .
i don t know how it s gonna turn out in the long run ,  but so far ,  so good .
warning it is sharp !  will cut fingers too !  .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
i will buy another when the time comes .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
now my great review is not so amazing .
these two machines are both great for different uses .
so far it holds a charge for days without using it .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
the food processor works great mostly; has a couple things i don t like about it .
i can t believe i got it for such an affordable price . i almost paid $ for another fancy brand .
also if your recipe has some oil in it ,  that helps .
it took me two before i put the third one on perfectly .
either this is the real deal or a very good knockoff .
not sure why it did that but otherwise this unit really packs some power .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
it held up perfectly for the couple of weeks that i used it .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
works well and is well made but i think $ is a little much for this item .
i like the ability to run the amplifier from three different power sources :  ac ,  usb ,  and vehicle cigarette lighter .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
her old battery wasnt keeping a charge and i saw amazon had the battery at a very good price .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
it s well worth the cost ,  and i m happy i spent extra to get the largest one .
did feel very large and bulky but it was a great case for my phone  :   .
you should try both and choose the one that is most comfortable for num_extend
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
so overall ,  a nice product with a few disapointments .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
my first cup which was drank with a certain amount of apprehension was just eye opening good .
got this to take along with me when traveling and camping .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i just got it today so cant account for longevity but hope it last for some time .
this charger is so much better than the charger my phone came with .
it s also good if you don t have the strongest hand grip in the world ,  too .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
i prefer it ,  it s a mouth feel ,  texture and taste thing for me .
plus it durable so that is an added plus .
i used them for scones and biscuits and shortbread and they worked great .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
but this thing is actually a pretty nice mount .
i will continuance to use it and see how it goes .
i would recommend this product for anyone looking for a simple fm transmitter for their ipod .
i have easy access to all the buttons ,  etc .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
i do a lot of cooking so it helps to cut stuff .
good quality ,  but cheap enough that i don t mind if they get a little beat up .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i got this to replace my original battery .
the braun still works beautifully but i thought i d like one stronger .
as a diabetic i am taking every effective measure to remain in control with diet and exercise .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i also purchased the smaller size ,  and they are just as nice .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
the popcorn seems healthier  and tastes better than the popcorn in a bag  .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
but ,  the sound clarity on that unit was great .
they are filled with lots and lots of calories .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
good product ,  downfall it was har to see the screen when it is very bright surroundings .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
i do not cook very often but i like this pan .
the cover is more sturdy than one purchased at a regular store .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
these are very good iphone screen protectors ,  and i settled on these after a lot of bad tries .
the rubber does provide a good grip ,  especially when your hands are wet or greasy .
very bright when needed and then shuts off .
i let the pan cool and cleaned it out really good .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
with the amazon price and delivery if your dinc needs a new battery this is the way to go !  .
didn t think it would work but works great !  .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
the texture have only light gripping ability but it is better than completely smooth plastic .
not cool !  !  !  i bought the phone for that !  the phone is great and flawless otherwise .
i baked a quick bread in it and used parchment paper and it worked fine .
you have to move it a little bit to the side to make it fit .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
worked pretty good with my samsung num_extend and now works ok with my lg num_extend
i can t believe i got it for such an affordable price . i almost paid $ for another fancy brand .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
and it was easy to put on as well .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
we bought this one to replace and older one .
couldn t imagine my life without this fabulous gadget !  .
the sound quality is good for an average priced headset .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it s a good size ,  but not too big .
i had read about the charging capacity and should have expected a quick recharge but it still surprised me .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
it has many positive reviews so i thought i couldn t go wrong .
i believe they are also metric in sizes .
i d rather not have a cover on my phone ,  but if i must ,  this one does the trick .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it isnt a beautiful soap dispenser but gets the job done and does exactly what i wanted it for .
i would buy it again in a minute .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
i enjoy bacon cooked until it s darn near burnt with nothing coming off it anymore .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
this unit also comes with a couple adapters for different plug types .
holds a good amount of water and nice filter .
it s weird how it works but it works and i love it .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i feel much better about using my mixer now that i m using this type .
i only use it about num_num or num_num times a month ,  but for chopping small amounts it is perfect .
i was drawn to this coffee maker because of it s look .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
not the sharpest ,  but sharp enough that a good steel will keep it useful for quite a while .
it s a good basic knife block for a typical kitchen .
i have had this phone for about num_num months now ,  and i love all of it s capabilities .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
i m just happy that i don t have to clean out my microwave as frequently as i used to .
i own this grinder for almost a year and i find it pretty good .
and it shuts it self off which is a good feature .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
it is excellent at collecting dust and small debris .
excellent product for the cheap price ,  but don t expect it to wear well .
it holds a charge so it doesn t have to be plugged in constantly .
got it as a replacement battery for my wife captivate .
i then use a lint free micro fiber cloth and get that screen as perfect as i can .
it s comfortable enough that i sometimes forget i m wearing it .
while not for everyone ,  it s a great product in the right settings .
compact and charges your phone for a long time worth the money .
i decided to try this one out since the price was right .
another plus is the retractable cord when your done with it retract the cord and storage is simple .
i was very surprised with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
in short ,  buy num_num now ,  they are worth it .
well worth the money and way better than the much thinner ,  inferior stone i bought last year from target .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
would recommend this especially for the num_extend i paid for it .
what a difference between these and my old set .
i was pleased to find out that i could buy one here at amazon .
i will continue to try and hope this is better with grapefruit .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
this case is pretty slim yet protects the phone from the elements .
i bought this for a specific baking project .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
phone fits great without any protectors but who would wanna do this .
it worked really well but the clean up was a hassle .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
what i love about it is that it gets very hot and it does not automatically shut itself off .
i bought a num_num cup as well which works well when you need to make a larger amount .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
they are durable glasses and do not easily break like some glasses .
it s actually a decent num_extend player if you plug in a set of earphones .
i bought it because it s the size that ll fit into my cuisinart toaster oven .
it holds a good amount of liquid and isn t easy to tip over .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
this works well and is comfortable ,  vs the couple of mot headsets i bought ,  which were horible .
this is great for the iphone num_extend you do not put so much as a bumper on the phone .
i bought this to grind spices instead of coffee and it works great .
if you live in a weak signal area and get dropped calls often ,  it s well worth a try .
they just don t have the thickness or weight of what i was used to ,  but perform just fine .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i wouldn t have normally gotten this style but now that i ve tried them ,  i like them !  .
i got this to replace my old one .
overall ,  i am pleased and would definitely recommend this headset !  .
will buy another one if i have to .
the plastic handle is comfortable to grip and to apply pressure .
yes ,  this product is lightweight and almost flimsy feeling ,  but it works great .
they re quality and i d buy a set of num_extend
got this to replace my worn out model .
i decided to purchase one and enjoy making some comfort foods for myself .
this fan works well ,  but is somewhat odd to use .
i get kitchen duty so i know it cleans up easy .
compact and charges your phone for a long time worth the money .
i prefer this headset to the one that came with my ipod .
the blade is sharp and keeps an edge .
my daughter bought this for me for mother s day after i heard and read such good things about it .
i believe it was about num_num minutes less time total . great product .
the sound isn t high quality ,  but they are great for the price .
so i surfed and found it on amazon for the same price .
i got these mainly to make egg muffin sandwiches .
works great paint rubbed off the corners but overall not bad .
better coffee than those coffee makers  ,  byfar !  .
should last a long time ,  and a great value at around $
i ve had this for a while now and still use it in my car .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
its very pretty but it gets dirty really easy and its realllly hard to clean .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
a super little item ,  great for stocking stuffer at christmas which is what i did .
this case is very good for the incredibly cheap price .
we have a variety of tablets and smartphones in our family both work issued and personal .
i liked the fact that the bacon actually cooked evenly ,  both times .
i thought this was going to be a cheap piece of junk ,  but it is actually nice .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it s not high end ,  but good for the price .
they are a little pricey ,  but you get what you pay for .  .  . and here ,  you get quality .
lol i did it with water to test . it holds my homemade soy milk wonderfully ,  while hot or cold .
makes the phone a bit heavy but secure .
i bought this to grind spices instead of coffee and it works great .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
i got this cover as a bundle with a skinomi screen protector .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
great price ,  too . update num_extend hmm .  .  . i thought the original one was damaged by a guest .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
do yourself a favor and get at least two .
it lets me adjust the volume without having to reach for your device .
i then found a deal on a jabra num_extend
setup was extremely fast and easy and i was up and running in under num_num minutes .
it was a few years old and well used .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
this is a well balanced num_num inch knife similar to a chefs knife .
they let me return it and sent me a new one that works great .
hadn t really thought about this until just as i was purchasing and am quite pleased .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
had one for my num_num and it comes in handy .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
i ve also used this a few times near the cat boxes for stray litter ,  and it s great .
it is not great but it does work .
my phone would cost $ to replace so i think it is worth buying a $ case .
it is not perfect but it does many things well .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i just wipe it with a damp cloth and good as new .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
admittedly the pump isn t super powerful ,  but for less than $ it does a great job .
i honestly love the beef jerky that you can create .
i have probably used it over num_num times ,  and every time has been wonderful .
this charger is better than most of the cheap knock offs .
using a better grade of steel in the blade could make it the perfect opener .
it s cool that i can charge not only my phone but an additional usb powered device via this charger .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it s comfortable enough that i sometimes forget i m wearing it .
i find the num_extend version of these to be more useful all around .
this kit is a reasonable alternative to buying these much needed tools for canning individually .
i got it at amazon for a whopping $
this cover is the good one to keep your phone .
good thing i have num_num more to try with if i feel so inclined eh ? absolutely amazing product .
it worked so well ,  i m buying a num_extend one .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i bought this for a gift and had it sent to me first .
i have had one of these for years and bought one for my daughter for christmas .
i also like that s it s stainless steel as opposed to aluminum .
it is a good and robust product ,  overall it lacks a better looks .
thanks for prompting me to place an order !  .
i think there are very few covers that protect the iphone as well as look good .
i have this one for about a year now .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
my mom and grandma have had the same waffle irons for decades . all in all ,  we really like this iron .
i think this will work fine for me however .
i originally didn t want something that covered a vent ,  but it ended up working very well .
i was surprised ,  it was inexpensive  approx $ and constructed well .
it feels sturdy and i did drop the iphone in the case once without any obvious damage or issues .
i had it roughly for about num_num months and worked great on a couple of road trips .
i bought it as new and i received it in new conditions .
my daughter bought this from my wish list and it s everything i hoped it would be .
these are substantial jars and will last a long time .
it does well in protecting your phone when you drop it .
i got this to replace my old one .
i have had this grinder for num_num years and it is still going strong .
it s really hard to describe how good it sounds .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
it has a good length and feels much like a slim pen  others i ve tried were too short  .
i bought this to make mini breads and works great .
yes ,  it works ,  amplifies a bit the sound of the phone and for the price ,  it is worth it .
although ours typically hold papers ,  they are very strong for their size and can hold much more .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
i got this to replace my old one .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
i was leery about buying such a cheap knife but i have been very pleasantly surprised .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
i can t imagine i got the quality product with only $
provides more grip too than just the phone without a case .
this case works great with an iphone num_extend
i don t know why this vacuum has gotten so many negative reviews but it s really worked great for me .
i rarely write reviews ,  but this product is so outstanding i just had to recommend it .
the music sounds good ,  not great  you need a line in for better quality  .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i originally ordered this item from amazon ,  and it arrived in a very timely manner .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
this belt made my vacuum good as new !  no need to purchase a new vacuum anymore .
this made it easier to get the bubbles out .
these lightweight headphones fit comfortably on my ears although it doesn t do a great job keeping noise out .
i will continuance to use it and see how it goes .
doesn t push up the screen protector around the edges  awesome product !  !  !  .
i haven t tried the usb connection yet ,  but good to have just in case .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i have to say i bought this due to the good reviews .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
this is a great alternative when my charging port was broken on my evo num_extend
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
i just bent the tabs down on my door and made it fit .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
a few strokes and the blade is sharp .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it clicks when you plug it in and the light comes on when plugged in .
it s definitely not a very protective case  don t drop the phone  but i love it anyway .
good price spent on something to protect my phone .
the flashlight is a nice touch but it would be nice to see a dedicated switch for the flashlight .
i made banana bread in it and was impressed .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
it was a very nice case for me .
for a small sweeper it has good power and the price was reasonable .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
right out of the package the blade was very sharp ,  as a knife should be .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
they recommend that the beans not be overly oily as to not gum up the works .
this is a pretty good product for its price .  . thought it would of been cheap and ripped by now .
so i got this one after reading such great reviews .
it s a screen protector it does it s job .
wanted to make sure i liked it and it did its job .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
i bought a  used like new  one from an amazon marketplace dealer and it works fine .
i decided it looked like the best deal for the money and decided to give it a try .
works well as a coffee filter ,  but does let sediment through .
so much better than the store bought healthy stuff with as much sugar as a soda .
it was in the original packaging then put inside a larger plain box stuff with crumpled paper ,  .  .  .  . packaged very well .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
it also has a more prominent rubberized feel than the other product .
the handle helps me to hold it if needs be .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
i bought a pack of three and got it as described .
keeps things realllllly hot for hours on end .
it does get a bit heavy and tiring after a while ,  but the result is well worth it .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it may be a little short but it is worth it .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
but it s much better than paying $ for an otterbox .
i purchased motorola num_extend while i was using motorola razor and it was working perfectly .
the bowl is nice and tall which will help minimize splatter even without using the included shield .
i ve had my unit for a number of years and it s worked without any problems at all .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
the blade is less sharp  as you might expect  but the weight gives a nice follow through .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
after purchasing other soap dispensers ,  only to be disappointed in some way ,  i purchased this one and love it .
outside of that ,  this is a great product .
i treat it much the way i do my cast iron pans .
it really does get rid of excess water and it s easy to clean .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
its great product and no problem at all nothing !  .
it took two days ,  but i ,  too ,  got it to work .
it a not a big deal ,  but if you re kind of ocd it may bother you . great for the price .
i have had this for three months and it works well .
we have to travel a lot so portable speakers are a necessity .
good price and product was delivered as described in a timely fashion .
the battery is lasting quite a while ,  too .
i didn t expect much and was pleasant surprised when i received it .
i ve had my black and decker food processor for seven years ,  an earlier model obviously ,  and have loved it .
great replacements for my samsung num_extend they are the perfect replacemnts for the blue tooth ear piece i purchased .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
i really like that they fit into the ear instead of just hanging on my ear .
samsung is a little particular and pref that you use authentic samsung cables with their devices .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
so ,  yes ,  buy it and have some fun .
super cute !  two pieces !  provides minimal protection like any other snap on .
i would imagine the consistency of what the bottle is holding makes a difference on how well it works .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
still like it though and it does have a num_num year warranty .
it cleans easily with just water and a sponge if you let it soak for a little while .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
the fit is not tight but that works just fine for me .
sad thing is it scratches pretty easy and the scratches show pretty strongly .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
my kitchen can t accomodate an under the sink trash bin ,  so this do nicely .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
with the exception of the sticks being difficult to get and stay upright ,  this is a great little gadget .
a little super glue works to solve the problem .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
that is ,  until i found this popcorn popper .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
for the price you can t beat this charger .
i ve only had it for a few weeks ,  so i don t know about durability ,  but so far so good .
it is better than putting a cork back in a bottle .
a friend recommended these and after trying his out i had to get a pair .
i use this for online gaming and my kids appreciate it as well .
i have the white version of the epic num_extend touch and the case looks really good on it .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
but i do think it is better designed than most .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
i found the popper very easy to use ,  and was left with only a few unpopped kernels .
what can you say ,  it s affordable and it saves money compared to other methods .
things are easier to both clean and serve when i don t have to worry about scratching the surface .
the large diameter handle fits my xl hand well .
i m a little concerned how long the plastic will continue to hold up ,  but so far so good !  .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i used this product in a unique way .
i wouldn t say it exactly looks good though .
it also does a nice job on a grilled cheese sandwich .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the pump works well and does not drip .
i ve had trouble with others in the past but this one works really well .
the device gets good reception ,  but the cellular antenna is very sensitive .
i bought this for my new phone because i had one for my old iphone and just loved it .
i don t do shortbread very often ,  but i love this shortbread pan .
great oem batteries ,  i bought to go with the charger i reviewed .
i have used several of them over the years i have had my phone and they are great .
i bought a second one with the same wonderful results .
maybe not quite as much ,  but it s fine .
a little heavy as it is built right .
just the right size for me as well .
sure it s pricey and doesn t include an hdmi adapter ,  but it s still a pretty nifty gadget .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
using the filter is easy enough and a full pitcher can be filtered in about num_num minutes or so .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this is an great ,  quality humidifier  not so much as an air purifier  .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it will be nice for cooking my sauce for my home canning .
i ve wanted one of these for a long time and finally got my hands on one .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
you can hear the motor when dispensing ,  which is a good thing .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
helps out a lot being wireless connects to my num_extend with ease .
it seems to work just fine although the order took an awfully long time to arrive .
if they fail i ll update my review . highly recommend !  .
i found one in a store almost exactly the same for $ so this is a great deal .
this one has filter on bottom as well .
it is small and nicely attaches to cup or whatever .
it s a whisk ,  it s little ,  it works better than most .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the part that you squeeze is rubber coated for comfort which is nice .
i got this for just a couple of bucks and it s all i needed .
they come two in a box and i believe the price is cheaper than most other places .
this does the job plus offers the option to charge two  like ipad and iphone  at the same time .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
these baskets have helped me to organize my freezer .
when i tried to scratch it it didn t even scratch love it best screen protector yet .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
makes great coffee ,  no grounds in my cup .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
i ve dropped my phone more than once with this case on and it protects it extremely well .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
these brush has nice ,  firm bristles that are great for brushing just about anything; fruits ,  veggies ,  potatoes ,  etc .
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last .
the battery life between recharges is estimated at around num_num hours and so far that is very accurate .
i bought this brand new for about $
the chrome colored parts of this case are plastic ,  but the rest looks nice .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
do yourself a favor and get a good burr grinder if you buy this machine .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
i ve purchased cheap stuff before but this worked great !  have bought others since then .
i cannot give a professional type review ,  but i like this product and use it a lot .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
i know there are the num_num cups ,  which i had before ,  but this is much better .
i use it with two samsung epic num_extend mine and my gf easy to pair .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
nice toaster !  after several that did not work well ,  this one is a charm .
if you want a cordless vacuum for quick easy light cleanup this is the one for you .
i bought this for that purpose and it solved the issue .
this charger is better than most of the cheap knock offs .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
good deal for the price i payed for it .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this is my second purchase of this wonderful product .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
good screen protector and it protects my phone from all possible drop damage and even protects some water .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i like good ,  strong coffee ,  but i m not really a snob .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i recommend this product and i have bought several for my devices .
instructional cd is a great help for some of the trickier features .
i will buy again when i need it .
expect to use it as recommended every so often to give the knives an extra edge .
i used to make these and sometimes if dropped they can shatter ,  but all in all a great product .
my blender blade finally died after num_num years of use and this replacement piece was perfect .
a great product !  i ordered num_num more for my friends and to have a couple of extra ones .
my $ one was not . terrific value ,  terrific price ,  fast shipping .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
it seems to be a little slower than my regular charger ,  but works good .
one of the best things is that it does not interfere with the sound either incoming or outgoing .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
it works as described and i have had no issues .
would have given num_num standard but the description is not correct but the product works wonderfully .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
the headset has modern features that your older headsets may lack .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i purchased this for my son and he loved it .
it has a cord ,  so it has plenty of power .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
the cable is also great for syncing with my pc .
i ve also found that it cleans up easily after a quick soaking .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
the quality is better than the ones i have bought by spending $ or more .
i give this product an a+ rating !  !  !  will buy again  !  !  .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
these were extremely cheap and the quality is amazing .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
very handy as i use it for most all my home usb charging needs .
i have been using for a week so far and it works great .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
i was able to clean it with minimal effort .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
i always research products and read reviews on them .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
i think its working good but i m not sure how to measure .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
the price of this product is a little high ,  but reasonable .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i like that i can add the calming scents to it as well .
this costs a little more than most but it is better quality by far .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
i got one of those in the early num_extend as a christmas gift .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
screen protector sucks but other than that it protects my phone great and i haven t had an issue yet .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
i have found few uses for bags this small .
i liked the product ,  the only thing that sometimes it would not stay connected inside the phone .
the screen is also very sensitive and responsive to your touch .
this little shelf is great under my bathroom and kitchen sink .
i did have an extension  usb on each end  ,  that makes it practical . best use .
the finish is still nice ,  with almost no signs of wear ,  except for a small scratch on one corner .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
water is clean and notaste or hard water problems .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
was a bit smaller than i expected ,  but still does the job .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
easy to carry and put my phone back to pocket !  .
the ring works great to keep the contents forn leaking out .
this case is very good for the incredibly cheap price .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
it keep s in place and my phone protected from sweat .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
better than the other cases i ve purchased from here .
purchased this one to go with the larger i already had .
but considering the real cheap price of these on amazon it was worth the buy .
i like it but its not the best !  .
other than that they are great !   shipping took a while but not too bad  .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
sound quality is fine for a phone conversation .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
it was delicious ! i used to think it was a pain to clean and wanted removable bowls .
this spoon is a pleasure to hold and stir sauces with .
i think it will last quite some time .
i had an older one of these ,  still works .
i ve had my unit for a number of years and it s worked without any problems at all .
i bought this for my daughter and myself .
i purchased this battery about a month ago and it s been a lifesaver .
it made it s first pot of coffee this morning and it tastes great .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
great product ,  hoever it is too bulkuy and big .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
very nice case !  bought another one to replace !   : d .
what can i say about this great little thing that nobody else has ?  this is a fabulous product .
it is worth every penny ,  considering how much i ve wasted on ones that don t work from other companies .
:   not sure what you want it to do ,  but it cuts pizza well .
otherwise ,  they are inexpensive and do a good job .
this is a handy size for smaller amounts .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
i found the amplification to be good at times and at other times i noticed no difference .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
you can t beat the price on this charger .
plus it is a lot for the price .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
they seem to work fine and install easy .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
it is also very loud ,  almost too loud but that to me is a good thing .
we just received this coffee maker ,  and so far so good .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
it makes a good basic phone for making and receiving calls .
i bought mine num_num months agoand it was $ a great value .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
i bought two of these ,  the price was great and they do what they re supposed to do .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
does not grind as well as some other ones takes a while but would still recommend it .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
this product was great  i got a new phone so i don t use it anymore  .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
the case is very heavy ,  but it protects well .
i was pleasantly surprised with my first attempt .
it is much better made than other splatter screens i have had .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
while using it still !  also recharges from a car charger in about one hour .
this review will serve to echo the many that came before it .  .  . this is a good one !  .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
it requires a lot of work to assemble and clean .
will be buying these again once i use these up .
great find for me ,  as the original bowl for my food processor broke .
i ve had $ headsets that fit quite well .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
the stainless also responds very well to polishing .
we gave him this for christmas .  .  . he was really happy when he opened it .
these are made very well but not that well .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
i bought this to record quality audio ,  and because of its noise canceling properties .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i will write another review after i use the attachments . quality !  !  .
the color is nice but it does fade a bit with washing .
the rubber handle gives it a nice touch .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
i like it small ,  perfect for my small apartment .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
this product is thick enough for a good result .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
and the price is so much better than getting it direct from manufacturer .
i wash it right away after every use .
we got these for our spices that we keep in mason jars .
i was glad to have found this product .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
i bought this after reading all the reviews .
i will be ordering some other sizes as well .
highly recommend if you just need something for chopping small items like nuts ,  onions and the like .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
i also like that it protects my screen in the closed position .
don t use it often but glad i have it .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
looks nice though !  it was a bit tough to get situated with my screen protector on .
other than this issue it is a good product .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
i also ordered a new case directly from them at the same time .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
i got this lid to use it for my pan .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i can t imagine i got the quality product with only $
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
it fits good but i noticed it could fit tighter .
i use it to make fresh custom salad dressing .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
audio quality is excellent but i could never get the earbuds to make a great seal .
i bought this brand new for about $
i got this belt to replace the one i melted   !   .
there is a youtube video site of instruction to help you through the process .
i can t believe i got it for under $
the price was outstanding for this oem product .
i am happy with the quality of the pens however the color description was off .
this is a decent adapter for the price .
this screen protector is just a wee bit better than the zagg protectors .
truly useful while driving and when you have your phone in your pocket .
i own two of these adapters and both worked without any problem .
used this for several months and it worked great .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
the battery life between recharges is estimated at around num_num hours and so far that is very accurate .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
pretty simple to use ,  even with the attachments . we use it about once a month to keep the carpets cleaner .
i was worried this wouldn t work as well with the touch screen ,  but it s great .
my needs are simple :  good espresso for icing or for soy lattes .
great cover if you dont mind having to open the ipod up .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
the price is incredible for this kind of case .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
this works well to keep soap dry and not have so much mess to clean up .
you can use it to steam more than one cup .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
it comes with two adapters and one of them allows you to fit the num_extend
this was a good product when i used it .
this is a decent charger for your ipod .
i bought this so there is some flexibility in using and charging an ipod .
it seemed to be reasonably price for a decent product .
unfortunately ,  i ve dropped my phone a couple of times already and so far ,  so good .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
its good for alot of things has num_num functions .
heavy and a little difficult to clean but worth the extra effort !  .
it protects the camera lens which i was worried about as well .
i purchased a new unit ,  brought it home ,  and opened the box .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
the fitted earpiece fits snug in my ear compared to those clear ones that come with some plantronics earpieces .
it has a great weight ,  not too heavy but not too light either .
the rubber is also removable making cleaning up any spills a breeze .
the cord is better than what comes with the ipad !  need an extra charger ?  this is the one !  .
this is perfect ,  i bought it for use in the car and it works great with no interference .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i got this pair to replace my bluefox headphones .
and for the price ,  you can t really beat it .
i m a pretty big coffee snob ,  but for the price ,  this is a great machine .
doesn t totally fit my num_extend perfectly but it does work .
these are not quite as pretty but they do the job .
this fan is great for blowing away some of the hot air .
i love to make a small amount of fresh ice cream ,  while i am cooking supper .
keeps it warm for hours and doesn t leak .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
got it to charge my motorola x cell phone .
this item arrived before the expected date and even better than i expected .
i found it much easier to watch a youtube video on how to put it on the phone .
i haven t had it very long so it s a bit early to tell how well it holds it s edge .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
very handy set for use with my ipod nano .
they are also nicely made and not that thin plastic junk that so many toys are made out of .
i make homemade yogurt almost every other day now .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
so i thought i would give it a try and it s great .
once again amazon is perfect for selling something that you need for a price that won t brake the bank .
i have only used it on the low setting and that is very quiet .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
it really is cute but it dont recommend for a long time use .
also interesting is that since its bluetooth you can project your phone calls through it too .
i m a little hard of hearing and i can hear this thing great .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
the case is huge but you can see that from the images .
i do know that it happens on num_num different devices . other than that i love almost everything about these headphones .
very nice product it just didn t help my daughter .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
making your life so much better with not that much money ,  worth it !  .
nice quality and wash up good in dishwasher .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
still ,  i am giving it num_num stars ,  because when it works it works very well .
it has the mouth and fork feel of pasta .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
the whisk is great but smaller than you would think .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
good quality so far although i have not really used it much yet .
they sent me a new battery right away .
the fit and finish is good but not great .
it is very durable and i would purchase another if i needed to .
but it s much better than paying $ for an otterbox .
i haven t had a chance to use this yet but the quality is good .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i have bought this item a few times .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
this is a nice little heater for what i paid $ but would not pay more than that .
i had forgotten what really good popcorn tastes like .
i got this t keep in the car for emergencies .
it is easy to clean and requires little to no oil .
i would buy it again in the future .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i buy a lot of things through amazon and i have always got good service .
these are nice good price however a couple were scratch and the colors are not the same .
works better than the one that came with the phone ,  it is now the charger i always use .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
but if you usually tune out background noise ,  this is a decent alternative .
the sheath fits well so you don t have to worry about it becoming accidentally separated from the knife .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
this is the second model of a coffee maker we have used and liked .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
i got a good deal when buying num_num packs of this .
the packaging was good and everything was easy to deal with .
purchased it for travelling and also due to power outages a lot in my area .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
the fit is nice ,  a bit bulky but nice .
great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great .
i purchased two of these and they both work great .
i was honestly surprised by the quality of this screen protector .
i have to say i bought this due to the good reviews .
fully assembled i found a couple things i didn t like .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
the original was no longer available but this new trent num_extend looked great .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
it is not perfectly smooth ,  but it gets hot and holds the heat in very well .
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
it helps reduces the scratches on my phone and the fingerprints .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
time for a new battery . this one fit perfectly and took a full charge .
whether you are making a sauce or heating up soup these saucepans are a must have in your kitchen .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
they also include an extension cable to make charging a snap .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
overall the product is a good product ,  but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies .
and durability in the hoover name is better than others .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i ve had this coffee maker for over a year and it works fine .
i got this for my daughter for when she has friends over .
smooth and tasty ,  no sugar needed to counteract the bitterness .
the pan is easy to clean and the bottom comes out easily if it has been greased .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
i prefer this to a brushed finish since it cleans up much easier .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
forget the name  always good to have around if you like the stylus pens .
the plastic seems to be holding rubber firmly in place while in contrast the rubber is great for gripping .
i did not purchase this on amazon ,  but bought it directly from target ,  this is an excellent popper .
much better than other touchscreen gloves as mentioned above .
another well made product that you can get without great cost because it comes direct from china .
i also moved a couple things to make sure it could fit in certain areas .
it is also capable of supporting up to num_num wireless internet connections by acting as a mobile hotspot .
pretty cool stuff ,  although i don t see myself using it all that much .
it fits the razr just like the original battery made by motorola .
i can t believe this inexpensive knife is so sharp .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
the quality is exactly what is in the picture and what is being advertised .
high quality product ,  worth paying a little more to get it right .
feels great when you touch it ,  doesn t feel glossy  hence the matte lol  .
a few strokes and the blade is sharp .
it usually only leaves a couple of kernels unpopped . highly recommended !  .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
i wanted quality sound at a reasonable price .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it s hard to do ,  but i managed it .
this unit is tiny and very light weight .
i can t believe i got it for such an affordable price . i almost paid $ for another fancy brand .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
might be worth a look when you are pricing and buying appliances for your kitchen .
for the price ,  you can t beat it and it takes great care of the phone .
the new one is definitely thinner and lighter than the older made pan .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
sound is great except for slight white noise when everything else is silent .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
easy to use and best of all i don t have to mess with my mixer .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
other than the fact that it only lasted a year it was a great purchase .
i would recommend this skin to those who want minimalistic protection .
but good for amazon to make this available .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
can t do that so good with this kind of can opener .
the mirror finish is great other than that .
most of the other reviews are reasonably accurate .
i purchased this case for my new motorola droid bionic recently and liked the way it looked .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
i am using glass jars more and more for storage ,  so this is coming in very handy !  .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i just bought this one again as a gift for my num_extend
it has a much more  sturdy feel  than my last one .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
i use a nylon dish brush with hot water and cleaning is very fast and easy .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
perfect size screen protectors ,  though a little difficult to remove all the bubbles .
there are better knives out there ,  but this is a great compromise between price and quality .
cleans up very nice in the dish washer which we were not sure of at first .
it cleans up fairly well but takes a bit of scrubbing .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
years ago when microwaving was new i had something like this and it worked well .
it gives the tea a slight fruit flavor .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
but ,  for the price ,  it s fairly cheap protection ,  and is a lot better than most .
i love this phone !  it s been my favorite since i started using cell phones way back in num_extend
i had to trim it a little ,  but was very easy to do .
i lost couple of rolling balls when installing it but overall easy to use .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
when other people used it for coffee it also did the job .
i got this after getting some that didn t quite work very well and this is a big improvement .
not sure if others got a bad cable but mine works great .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
invest you money into a good gadget like oxo .
i purchased two and am glad i did .
the headset operates best with the phone in sight .
simple to configure and operate  with one button for num_extend
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the bag was able to hold all the debris and disposing the bag was also easy .
i have tried other headsets and at last got a true num_extend
my daughter loves to comb and brush in her hair .
it has num_num battery gauge leds that come on and stay on during charging which is really nice .
protection for your iphone can be attractive and affordable .
the charger alone is worth at least half the price of the packaged bundle pricing .
works like a charm om my num_extend tho so i will keep it for that .
i have lots of these in different colors .
i found that it requires two hands to slide it into place .
i picked this item up at a local store .
it s easy to handle and not to heavy ,  it doesn  t jar your arms or back with the impact .
seals tight and locks so thats great just in case you knock it over or drop it .
would recommend to anyone thinking of such a purchase .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
it heats up fast and comes to pressure in just a couple of minutes .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is great !  it makes it easy to charge the num_extend player without plugging in to the computer .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
but while i had it ,  uff ,  got to say amazing audio and video .
they kept my screen nice and scratch free .
the nonstick pot is a huge improvement over my old panasonic .
since they were so affordable ,  i end up changing the filter more frequently  a good thing  .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
this air popper makes very good popcorn ,  but it s quite messy .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
i also like the amount that comes in the pack .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
these are a good size . what i didn t num_extend
they flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
a burr grinder is the best way to get fresh ground coffee .
i also connected to a iphone and it also works .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
it adds a little bulk but i actually like it as i have large hands .
it also covers the screen with a clear protective layer .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
when using the next or previous buttons ,  it also shows what s happening as well .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
this is a handy ,  small charger that is more convenient to store in the car than the traditional chargers .
i got this to replace my original battery .
these glasses are heavy with a solid base .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
it s a great size ,  not too big and not too small .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
it does have intelligent design and the led display will flash ,  indicating where it s at .
i only put it on the charger a couple of times a week and it is fine .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
great case will protect your phone from almost anything that it will come across in a normal day .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
i am impressed with the versatility offered by these chargers .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
it s also quite loud ,  and very useful as a timer as well .
it has a small latch that holds itself in place .
i was surprised how securely it stays in place .
this heats up extremely hot and really holds the heat .
i loved everything about this product ,  but it seems to be acting up with my iphone num_extend
they are worth the few dollars you ll spend .
this longer knife is essential in my opinion .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
protects phone from shock and dropping as well as comes with a screen protector .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
i have arthritis in my hands and using this with big red  red kitchenaid artisan mixer  is a blessing .
this case is pretty slim yet protects the phone from the elements .
the device still works fine except for the noise it makes when the oscillation feature is used .
nice ,  more sturdy than i d expected for the price .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it is very heavy and solid as a rock .
i was initially surprised by how light it is .
the feel of the pen in terms of length ,  diameter and heft is really quite nice .
it s much tinier than it looks ,  which is great for saving space in my car .
the sound isn t high quality ,  but they are great for the price .
i don t know why people pay for something they can buy much cheaper and that works just as good .
you will be pleased . got mine from amazon .  .  . no tax and free shipping .
i have only had this a few weeks ,  so far so good .
i was doing this manually before but this tool makes it much easier .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
i also bought the fine grater from this company .
i bought this item to replace it and it works fine .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
highly and i think most stuff is a scam but this is worth it .
it feels light and flimsy but works good .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i had a litle hard time understanding how it all went to geather but it worked good .
i adjusted it and it took care of the problem .
ok ,  so that s the best stuff about it .
i like the diet meal replacement shakes and this is amazing for that .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
it has been cleaning my rug pretty well .
the music sounds good ,  not great  you need a line in for better quality  .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i had num_extend handy which fits perfectly with these headphones .
although i have not put it through its paces ,  so far ,  so good .
i have this case in a variety of colors .
it adds sufficient color without an overbearing appearance .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
i have used these and surprised how well they work with my droid razr maxx hd .
i can t believe this inexpensive knife is so sharp .
usually when the yogurt is through processing ,  i add fruit to make a drinkable smoothie !  so nutritious and tasty .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
this is a terrific little vacuum if you have hardwood floors ,  tile ,  etc .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
it charges at a great rate ,  it is usually finished within a few hours for charging a single battery .
it s about double the price but is well worth it .
i will be getting another pair of these soon as a matter of fact .
doesn t totally fit my num_extend perfectly but it does work .
the volume is loud if you want it and still sounds clean .
it is so simple and the oven still looks like new .
it also helps to keep it in your shirt pocket if you carry your phone there .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
the one i just bought was actually a gift for my daughter .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
works fine ,  though i wish i had bought a larger size .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
i ve had this for num_num months now and this grinder is the best .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
i had one ,  liked it so i bought another one .
this set was a little expensive for us ,  but well worth the investment .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
i ve had it on the dash for about a week and it works okay .
it charges the phone better than most verizon labeled ones .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this one allows sound to play while it s plugged in and being used .
great price too . now ,  i just need a new coffee maker .
i bought these for my daughter and will be ordering another set for myself .
i have a little arthritis in my wrist and this tool made things much easier for me .
this is a better quality filter than what comes with the floormate .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
if you want quality you need to pay $ instead of one penny ,  plus a very reasonable shipping price .
the blade is thin so it cuts through ,  but is very strong .
the clip is strong and made of metal .
i didn t think i would see a difference in quality but there truely is .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
i applied this to a brand new ,  fresh out of the box phone .
it was nice to be able to have something that fit .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i have nothng but praise for this product .
i like that i can add the calming scents to it as well .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
i ve tried other types and brands but i like the ease and handling of this style .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
so nice !  !  ! and the sound is not too loud .
great for the price !  i got it for num_num something i think .
which i didnt expect to get  .  . very happy with the product .
much better than i thought it would be .
it s really hard to get on and off but that is also a good thing .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
i bought this for that purpose and it solved the issue .
i was toggling between this size a larger one ,  but this is the right size .
bathrooms always need a lot of cleaning but now it smells sweet for my efforts .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i plug in the bluetooth wireless adapter on my pc with windows num_num and it works well .
i probably wouldn t use this in a bathroom ,  but it is perfect for the kitchen .
i would strongly suggest you consider an extra bowl .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i am ordering another one with much hope it stays intact .
these are a good size . what i didn t num_extend
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i m normally the sweetened creamer guy but this stuff ,  though strong ,  is so good you can drink without sweetener .
buy these because i found them cheap online and for the price they re great chargers .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
i have a num_num car that does not have connectivity but it has a great bose stereo .
connection is always good and there s not pop or crackle that you sometimes get with cheap cables .
it made in china but it worth of money .
gives you the peace of mind that your screen is safe from damage .
now i can enjoy a single glass and drink the rest later .
i will wash it a few more times and i believe it will be  good to go  .
the case has a slight lip that helps to protect the front screen and the case feels durable .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i will note it s a little large ,  but as long as it charges my phone ,  i m good .
i wouldn t buy any other brand ,  this product is top notch .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
but the blue tooth works great !  just wouldn t recommend them for a woman .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
i bought this little gem to bake my christmas cookies on .
thanks !  !  this screen replaced my cracked up broken one and this worked perfect .
for the price you can t beat this item .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
it has a nice ammount of bass ,  wonderful for music .
great product and i ve used many different brands .
maybe they changed the design or something ,  but mine is definitely white .
this car charger is a nice addition for my car .
it s a several step process and again takes time and skill to do .
this knife is great ,  with just a couple of drawbacks .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
i think this is a really nice set of knives ,  given that i paid  item price for them .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
before i had the bose earpiece and i actually like this one better .
got them to replace a rusty old metal pair ,  and now want to buy two more !  .
i tested it out with a few other handsets and an num_extend player ,  and it gripped everything well .
i ve had it for about a week now and so far so good .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
i bought this because ,  well ,  it looked cool .
it s worth the price ,  i suggest buying a lot and since they are so cheap .
will put it together when i use it next .
i find the coffee is hot for hours .
great for using you phone like a gps .
for the price ,  the quality is great . i haven t had the  charging is not supported with this accessory  yet anyways .
although it is thin and flexible ,  it is very durable .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
and for the price ,  you can t really beat it .
takes more than a quick rinse to wash due to that texture but works great .
i find that this replacement battery is fine for me .
it is not great but it does work .
i picked this item up at a local store .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
this charger is good if you have a second battery for you battery killing phone .
only real gripe is the gloss black finish which is getting scratched up pretty quickly but otherwise it s perfect !  .
if i just plug it in and leave it ,  it looks great .
if you are looking to extend your battery for this phone this is a must .
i add a spray of vinegar and that helps .
it will last me a lifetime and several other s life times !  .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
these lightweight headphones fit comfortably on my ears although it doesn t do a great job keeping noise out .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
i even received a new chair from my employer .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
this is a very good product for a truck driver .
happy with buying these i have tried different kinds and had to return most of them .
they re also very easy to break down and clean .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
we ve had our dyson num_extend for a few weeks now and ,  overall ,  it s a great vacuum .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i also think because of the coating it even cleans up easier .
i just wipe it with a damp cloth and good as new .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
i lived in germany so i m familiar with the braun brand and always thought it was high quality .
i was just looking for num_num but this package of num_num for a very modest price is even better .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
now that the weather is getting cold ,  it works better for her with her coat on .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
i really like it but the quality is not the best .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
at first i was hesitant to buy these because of the price ,  but honestly they are worth it .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
people were unable to see what was on my screen and the mirror worked well .
it s a bit thin ,  but fits well and has a nice texture and color .
we ve had them for num_num months now ,  and they are holding up fine .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i found it for twenty bucks at an outlet center .
i am not usually a fan of single function appliances ,  but this one is worth it .
i was amazed at the quality of these for the cheap price .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
there are quite a few setting to be concerned with ,  but the product does do quite a few things .
the device gets good reception ,  but the cellular antenna is very sensitive .
it made a lot more than i expected .
it looks great  some of the others i have seen out there are gaudy and conspicuous .
i use this for my samsung galaxy num_extend and it works just fine .
took about num_extend hrs to charge the headset . pros :  this headset is light ,  small ,  and well designed .
this is a pretty good phone case ,  protects the phone ,  but kind of hard to get to phone quickly .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
it helps to cover the pot to bring it to a boil .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
the benefit of this is that it lets me chargeboth the phone and battery case with a usb connector .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
always handy when you need that little extra battery boost when out until you can wall charge .
by messing around i got it to work but it takes effort .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
mine was made in china and i got it at $
i bought it because of a recommendtation from cooks illustrated magazine .
great product i have ordered few because i keep break mine or just losing them all together .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
small  size :  this is pretty small ,  but it is well made and good quality .
its a good battery just wish it lasted a bit longer than it does .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
worked well when i couldn t plug my cord into my phone .
i needed a way of playing my iphone audio on my car stereo and this was a great choice .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
i didn t think i would see a difference in quality but there truely is .
i own one and has lasted for years .
i don t really use phones for pictures ,  but the quality is good for quick pictures .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
very handy for your macbook air that does not have an ethernet port .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
wash by hand only !  other than that ,  good purchase .
this product was great  i got a new phone so i don t use it anymore  .
i got this tripod to take videos with my samsung galaxy num_extend
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
it s easy to move the liquid around without much spilling .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
sad thing is it scratches pretty easy and the scratches show pretty strongly .
you can program it  which i rarely do  and that works well .
i sent back the first set and in two days received my next set in perfect condition .
so if you want a good thermos ,  buy this one .
the color and shape is consistent throughout the pieces .
hi ! i got this for my samsung infuse with the extended battery and cover for when i ll be out awhile .
for such a cheap price ,  the cable is surprisingly a good value .
it doesn t do a great job of protecting it ,  but gives it a very sleek look and feel !  .
works great ,  i ve been using this for over a month and have not had any problems with it .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
after searching through the amazon site i was happy to see the num_extend as a perfect replacement .
its also nice to put cash in it or a credit card and so on .
i let the pan cool and cleaned it out really good .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
its a little flimsy when you take it apart but it protects the phone very well .
the flashlight capability is not really needed ,  but it is a nice touch .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
other than that i would recommend this product .
great product and i ve used many different brands .
like alot of others have said ,  this product is awesome .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
i wish i had found them sooner . i would use these as a gift ,  they are that nice !  .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
i needed something a little bit smaller and this is perfect .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
this one is made of very heavy plastic and seals nice .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
i drop this phone every once in a while and it still works .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
i have to admit ,  i was not expecting great results with so little effort ,  but it worked perfectly .
that s what caught my attention and made me decide to purchase it .
people complain about some other headsets i have ,  so this one is good .
it is an excellent cheap solution for a phone that needs protection .
ok ,  theyre not top quality ,  but they work ,  and they work well .
they are of good ,  lasting quality and i would not hesitate to order these again when needed .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
this cable is a better solution that having to open and solder all of your chargers .
if it can stand that long with me it s a good product .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
you can hold it without dropping but it s still easy to get our of your pocket .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
it gets rid of odors fast and does a great job of keeping my air clean .
i have a had a few bluetooth devices ,  looking for the right one ,  and finally have found it .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
audio quality is excellent but i could never get the earbuds to make a great seal .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
you can feel this knife when you hold it .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
take good care of it by cleaning it roughly once a week and it should work fine .
it s very cute ,  but it didn t last but a few months .
the weight is good too considering it holds num_extend
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
it has a really large face and the numbers are also large .
;  i bought it last month and i use it at least every other day .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
i know lots of people write this in their review ,  but it s really true for me .
and as always amazon . com came through for me .
takes about num_num minutes on medium gas heat to brew ,  well work it for a classic taste !  .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
when this got to my home it was outstanding to have them in my hands i was so happy .
this is the perfect knife for the small hand .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
plus it is a breeze to clean up .
just what i needed !  thought it would be too small ,  but it s perfectly sized for my mini bite needs .
works great !  i bought this because my old phone was always dying ,  and this really does the trick .
works great with wide mouth jars but not so much with other kinds .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
it comes with a belt clip that fits the case ,  although the combination of both is a bit bulky .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
seasoned salt added to the final finished product will give some flavor .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
the battery holds a charge for a long time .
i was lucky enough to find this at a thrift store for $ and it is great .
i ve had this for about a month now and so far so good .
i recommend these to anyone else who has a num_extend or num_extend
but now i m so glad i got it .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
overall i found the headphones comfortable to wear and use .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
i bought these to go on a teapot that has since broken ,  but it worked well .
i liked the way it looks in the picture and wasn t disappointed .
i have a golden retriever ,  and she carries a lot of the outdoors in with her  .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
sound quality is generally good  occasionally ,  it interferes with other signals but signal is generally strong  .
comes with a neat cloth bag to put it in .
this met my needs for organizing and protecting my knives .
i really love this case !  so much that i was considering buying another one ,  but for my iphone num_extend
gets my hands dirty but they clean up .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
this can opener opens your cans in a different way .
i d easily recommend this product at $ or so ,  but $ is a bit high in my opinion .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
i dislike paper filters so i got this one for my new coffee maker .
it even come with its own power supply in case you have power hungry peripherals .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
so this device allows me to connect in for both voice and data .
i add water to the concentrated num_num cup brew and end up with a gallon of great tea .
back side of the case is very dingy looking and yellowish . if you want a simple protective case it s good .
it reduces the need for excess flour and makes cleanup a breeze .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
i ve had this for about num_num months now and it hasn t broken ,  which is always good .
i also like that the control buttons are on the front rather than the top .
the first time i used the oxo ricer ,  the potatoes came out creamy and delicious .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
then i came across this one and decided to give it a try .
wow !  !  !  i love it !  !  !  it is so much better than the ones that i have had in the past .
these are great for allowing me to squirt out smaller amounts and easily apply it to bread ,  buns ,  etc .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
i especially like for mixing hot chocolate in a cup .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
at $ it is kind of pricey but if it does what it claims it should be worth it .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
i was also able to listen to audio on my iphone through the speakers .
so if you just need a single usb port it s a great item for a great price .
great coffee grinder ,  and we have krups toaster ,  coffee and espresso maker .
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
this is made to a higher standard than other ones .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
these are great for my cats  wet food .
it s not as reflective as in the picture ,  but it did it s job .
i didn t find it to be as great on hard floors ,  but it worked well on carpeted ones .
i love it ,  and i changed the review back to num_num stars .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
i have several very nice dusters that i wanted to keep the cats away . this product is great .
it still makes great popcorn but tends to overheat these days .
i ve used this knife for quite some time ,  and it s wonderful .
i followed the instruction for the right amount and the time .
i love my phone and use it for many things all day ,  every day .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
not an issue for me ,  but didn t expect the screw to bulge out the way it does . otherwise very satisfied .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
my grandmother and mother used these for making so much great appleasuce and now i shall as well .
i bought this product after moving into a new apartment .
love it !  i needed a backup battery when the one in my phone died .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
worth the price to have an extra cable when traveling .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i had to trim it a little ,  but was very easy to do .
particularly on the photon with its smaller keyboard ,  the stylus added a bit of precision .
the coffee tastes good . its small enough to be put out of the way when not being used .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
this is great for small blocks of cheese .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
plus it also protects my iphone because i tend to drop if often .
this strainer is large and great for any big pot and big cooking you may have .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
but it also has benefits in terms of num_extend
it s so quiet you can t even tell if it s on .
this is a nice tripod ,  for the price ratio .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
thanks to those reviewers ,  i knew what to expect and was in fact ,  happy about that .
like the look and feel of the cover .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
yes !  it takes some work to handle because it is so powerful .
it works great havent had a single issue with it like my last usb that was very old .
the earphones come with adjustable sizes so you can pick the ones that fit your ears the best .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
some are older models and some are brand new .
great for a couple ,  small for a family .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
they taste better and they are better for you .
this cable seems to work better than other similar cables .
i will follow up in a couple of months to see if it still holds up .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i haven t had a chance to use this a lot ,  but so far so good .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
i really like being able to stir the mixture as i am making it .
it s up on a shelf and it does what it s supposed to do .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
it is a large size for the cost .
it is priced reasonably enough to replace it .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
this was a very good idea by somebody .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
have a couple of shun knives and they are sharp .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
the material ,  size ,  shape ,  weight ,  is all right .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
these are definitely difficult to apply but amazing once on correctly .
i think it looks great but not crazy about how the front of the phone looks with it on .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i would enjoy waking up to the aroma of freshly brewed coffee .
may not be perfect for music ,  but good enough for me .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
it does get hot so hold it my the top when you take it out of the microwave .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i have to say i love my new hoover steam vac .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
the black case looks nice against the white front edges of my phone .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
better quality than the similar style one that this replaced; since it s oxo ,  expect it to last for awhile .
they have different sizes to adjust and fit your ear just right .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
got them to replace a rusty old metal pair ,  and now want to buy two more !  .
soo easy to make homemade tortillas and it really doesn t take that long .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
i like the fact that it s a matte finish .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
my old window fan broke and this is a very good replacement .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
it works just fine but it tends to get hot sometimes while charging .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
if i drop it ,  the case will snap off ,  but it hasn t broken yet ,  which is really good .
this roasting pan aided me in producing an amazing first thanksgiving turkey .
i ordered these with some doubt in my mind because the price was so good .
the blue is nice and true to on line image .
the insides seem to scratch rather easily and may be harder to clean when scratched . enjoy .
i was surprised at the quality of this product .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
i love not having to worry about my phone .
megapixels don t mean everything but this num_extend camera is spectacular .
i opened it up and in a plastic sealed bag was a very attractive case .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
i also connected to a iphone and it also works .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
this is a wonderful replacment carafe for my cusinart coffee maker ,  but i wish it was not so expensive .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
other than that problem this product is great .
to pull one off ,  you just give it a nice tug or twist .
overall it s an essential device for your car .
i have yet to be able to find it naturally .
it is still usable ,  i just wish it didn t curl .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
an excellent choice for the small difference in cost .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
so much better than the small one that broke .
this container is good for beans or anything thick that can t get out .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
especially useful in nights to see the time in a dimly backlit screen .
for this item they are stable and durable .
it s such a great product that i recommend you try out for yourself .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
it does come in a package you can use to store it .
its amazing how fast this thing will froth up a cup of milk .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
connectors are well designed to resist pinching and early failure of the cord .
perfect size and just what i needed and wanted .
feels good in your hand  and i have small hands  .
they re also cheaper and well worth the money .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
in the past i ve paid as much as $ for similar devices ,  so this is a reasonable price .
screen protector is nice and doesn t mess with the function .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
bought for my former blackberry and love it so much i bought another one for a gift .
i was worried this wouldn t work as well with the touch screen ,  but it s great .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
the card will work with many other types of cell phones as well .
i always research products and read reviews on them .
it was literally razor sharp when i bought it and is still amazingly sharp after a month of use .
they come in a set of num_num which is a good steal .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
this helps to maintain an even texture and keep the outer skin from crisping .
this case has a great rubber bumper that has surely saved my phone from a few falls .
i m glad i didn t go with it ,  because this one ,  for much less ,  is great .
will buy another one if i have to .
i have the white version of the epic num_extend touch and the case looks really good on it .
i have used the bags and they are fine .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
i recommend it if you have an iphone without a cover .
they are a little bigger than i expected ,  but not disappointed !  !  .
my old num_extend bought model still works well .
once it stretches out a bit it fits everything .
sure ,  it s no health food ,  but it is nice for a change of pace once in a while .
i contacted the seller and they were really good .
this phone case is very cute ,  and it is very easy to put on and take apart .
i like good ,  strong coffee ,  but i m not really a snob .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i brought it as a gift after i brought myself one .
it comes with a wired headset and i actually prefer that to my bluetooth earpiece .
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
good job amazon on fixing the problem and getting a new one out to me .
unsure why this particular motorola model works the best ,  but it does .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
better than the last two i have bought .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
great for phone repair or and small electronics .
i use this scrubber to clean my sinks and dishes with good effect .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i can t say how good it makes coffee because i haven t made coffee in it yet .
for me ,  the actual cost with shipping was around $ so it s definitely worth that .
but it has been a few months and still works great .
it is a healthy snack that kids can make for themselves .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
much better than i thought it would be .
it has built in buttons so they are easy to access .
does what it is suppose to but the blue light is very bright .
they work great with phone more so than others i have tried .
negative ,  is its really pretty bright and can be a distraction when driving at night .
i prefer to buy oem products ,  especially at a discount rate of up to % off .
stays in my ear great without the clip that goes around your ear .
very easy to clean and seems like it can take a beating with breaking .
it seems like the volume buttons may be off slightly ,  but they still work fine .
it s a little awkward to store because of it s size ,  but well worth finding a spot for .
i just hope i am able to find as good a replacement !  .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
great charger for qi enabled phones !  we use this with num_num nexus num_num devices and num_num nexus num_extend
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
have used this product several times in the past and have been pleased every time .
i was hesitant to spend so much on a filter ,  but it was worth it .
i got this to replace my old one .
it had good noise canceling for the low price .
i can t say how good it makes coffee because i haven t made coffee in it yet .
and now that verizon owns alltel ,  there is even better cdma coverage all around ,  especially where i am .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
it s comfortable enough that i sometimes forget i m wearing it .
can t charge my phone so i use this external battery and it doses a really good job .
this fan is a bit noisy ,  but otherwise durable .
the adds very little to the profile of the phone but keeps it nicely protected .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
if you have aux input the sound goes through your radio which is very nice .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
i ve had mine for two years and have done nothing but rinse and fill and it still works wonderfully .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
there is a special air duct which helps the water not to  bubble  over .
i have had zero problems with it ,  so i m happy .
looks great ,  fits great ,  the only thing i dislike is the fact that it is silicone .
purchased this spinner to replace an old and wharped on ,  works like a charm .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
getting rid of the fats is also a plus .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
it was definitely worth the few dollars ,  i give this num_num stars .
i bought a num_num cup as well which works well when you need to make a larger amount .
i purchased the white version ,  it so nice ,  light and easy to use .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
its really packed full of features .  .  .  . however i do admit that keypad is a bit on the small side .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
they re just cotton ,  nothing fancy ,  but they work perfectly fine .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically .
wanted a nice big coffee cup for my morning coffee and this fit the bill .
i considered not using one until i found this one .
was a little smaller then expected but over all good product ,  durable and very cute .
the num_extend set held up so well i bought a num_extend set from amazon as a back up .
i could barely see the measurements anymore !  this one is very nice !  .
this item does the trick but is fairly large .
comes out of the dishwasher nice and clean .
therefore ,  the battery status indicator isn t the most reliable . overall ,  this portable battery pack is excellent .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the num_extend is a great example of this .
i got this iron after researching lots of products and reading countless reviews .
i have arthritis in my hands and using this with big red  red kitchenaid artisan mixer  is a blessing .
i like this much better than my old iron ,  which died on me after num_num years .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
the cord is solid and connections are tight .
though it is not very stable but it is usable .
i love how it keeps heat inside ,  stays cool outside ,  and doesn t leak at all .
this kind of brush is great for that .
the powergen num_extend is a good quality charger .
i was afraid the quality of plastic was going to be lacking but it s actually very good quality .
this screen is nice just a little thicker than expected .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
you need an adaptor with a mic that allows for quality headphones to listen to music .
i took it this past weekend to so .
but that actually set my expectation very high .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
i just got my blender and used it for the first time .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
this garbage can is great for smelly items .
must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over num_extend great sound quality .
it s certainly worth it to have the protection .
anything i have ever boughten used through amazon has always came in excellent condition and like new .
it works mostly good ,  and it is num_extend than the num_extend that i own .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
my only complaint is the cord is a bit short ,  but otherwise it s a good product .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
perfect for your earbuds ,  protects from wires getting angled and the earbuds pulling off the ear piece .
i got this and didn t expect it to last very long but it is still going after a year .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
it s a powerful fan ,  but not as quiet as i would like a fan to be .
the weight is good for vacuuming as you don t have to put much muscle into pushing it around .
i decided to buy these .  .  . these are good pair of samsung headphones for my samsung galaxy prevail .
it is rather bulky ,  but looks neat and is as protective as a case can be .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
the case itself is very good ,  although after use the plastic turns yellowish .
this was easy enough for my little one to use easily .
i looked at walmart but everything was too big so i looked here and found this .
pan preparation is the most important step so take a few minutes and do it right .
i like this case but dont love it .
i got this to replace my last oster blender .
this may be a different brand than we normally buy ,  but they are every bit as good .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i recommend this product .  .  . but it was somewhat pricey for its one purpose .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it charges and the data connect works too .
the portable charger is nice too in case you dont have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it is a little more pricey but i feel it will last years to come .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
after several months of field testing this heater ,  i found it capable of producing some convenient heat .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
as far as the look ,  it is bigger then i thought ,  and with num_extend style design .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
it s great and because it doesn t add bulk to the phone ,  it s very slim against the body .
what an amazing product !  and the price !  my knives were very dull and needed the royal treatment .
screen protector included in the design and extra protection !  .
good price ,  good service !  recommend ! only downside is must remove phone protective case to insert into charger .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i had a brand new one within a week or two .
cool pink camo design too !  i bought an otterbox for my galaxy num_extend before i got the phone .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
this item is a little pricey but well work the price .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
pretty cool stuff ,  although i don t see myself using it all that much .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
but if you usually tune out background noise ,  this is a decent alternative .
i got a replacement shipped to me and it works well .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
the price was so great ,  i bought num_num so i can replace them whenever i want to .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
the few extra bucks that this product costs compared to the menotek and other brands are worth it .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
the price and the amount of screen protectors i got were great !  happy i went with this .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
i was hesitant to buy given some of the reviews ,  but it seems to work well .
i bought this as a surprise gift for my wife .
they are filled with lots and lots of calories .
just make sure it actually fits in your oven because it is huge !  .
much better than i thought it would be .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
both of our oem supplied batteries went down and these are fantastic replacement .
you need some extra parts for this antenna  listed here  for setup but it works great for me .
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever .
also  ,  great to get rid of any smells as well .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i got one as a gift and bought two for my mom and mil .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
hopefully the finish will last with simple handwashing .
i ve just purchased this and used it and am happy that i got it .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
so great ,  i m going to order one more num_extend and num_num num_extend
they work just as well as another much more expensive stylus i bought a while back .
worth the cost as i ve cut down on buying and consuming cases of water bottles .
got these headphones so i didn t have to deal with cables again .
i bought two of these the first time .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
for this price ,  it is a good choice for those who aren t sure if they will use it much .
it took me a while to figure everything out but it was worthy .
this is a good screen protector for your mytouch num_extend
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
these worked so well i ordered some for my husband s iphone as well .
it is a little hard to put on but once it is one it fits just right .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
it saves time ,  energy and space for the individual who does not want to make an entire pot .
i found the same at walmart under the name mainstays .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
nowadays a lot of stuff is made in china and that provides a competitive price .
this was purchased for an htc evo num_extend and i liked it because it s namebrand .
this was a humble coffee maker that made an excellent cup of coffee .
never had any other problems . i am satisfied with this product .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
this is a quality product at a cheap price .
last one lasted num_num years !  hope this will last as well .
i ve tried other flavors ,  mostly teriyaki ,  and it just doesn t come close to how good this stuff is !  .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i used it the same day i got it .
i don t know how it s gonna turn out in the long run ,  but so far ,  so good .
i found that to be a bit awkward at times ,  but i like it .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i highly recommend ! update :  after num_num months the cord i used every night to charge my phone quit working .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
although made of lightweight plastic it seems durable .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
it wasn t the exact color that i wanted but it is still a great case .
it s a good idea to try these before you spend too much on something else .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
the gps is also pretty nice even though i have a dedicated system .
manufacturers love plastic because it is cheap and easy to form .
it takes about num_num minutes to perk but it s worth it .
the sound was never quite perfect on them ,  but cutting the cord made it worthwhile .
now that we don t ,  we don t use it any more but i d recommend for pet owners .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
product is comparable to higher end glass screen protectors .
i bought these for myself due to my brother s recommendation .
still works well ,  but not as good as it did when the antenna was outside .
i ll try to keep this review short and to the point . the size and shape is ideal .
and for the price ,  you can t really beat it .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
it has actually solved all the problems i previously experienced with my andoid phone .
this case is very good for the incredibly cheap price .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
a good inexpensive cable that works like the original .
the metal loses it s sheen ,  but still looks decent .
these lids make it easier . they are a little pricey for what they are ,  though .
i love kitchen gadgets and have been burnt many times while trying out new products on the market .
for around $ this is a great little bumper .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i have not used it much but was happy with it when i did .
loved it so much i wanted to get another .
i like the fact that i can make these healthier than the ones i buy that are deep fried .
this has to be the cheapest headset i have ever purchased ,  yet the best small headset ever made .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i got his screen fixed; i got a screen phone protector and this case .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
it is great !  i use it mostly for soups to get that rustic look and mouthfeel .
it has usb power too if you connect it to a laptop .
these are great because you dont want to scratch your screen .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
it is a better buy than the less expensive one .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
i ve had filters before where you couldn t just wash the filter; this is a big plus for this model .
this phone case has held up with time .
my husband has a knack for breaking them .
a great option if you would rather go wired on your handset .
i have to have the best product for the best deal .
great product !  i ve had it for almost three years ,  and have had no problems with moderate use .
i bought one of these to blend soups and smoothies .
i bought this a while ago and had to write a review because of how much i loved it .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
but it does fit snug ,  and offers reasonable protection .
nokia web browser is much improved from the num_extend num_extend
i like to have a charger available everywhere from the car to work and home .
not a % fit but it does the job .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
i really like this screen protector for my iphone num_extend
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it is a good size for large garments like jeans and such .
i hadn t put any oil ,  nothing but dry popcorn and it came out perfectly .
so i surfed and found it on amazon for the same price .
i really feel like my iphone is protected .
still use it when the other phones go down .
it s nice to know that if i should break a piece it can be replaced .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i couldn t find a single cup machine i liked so this small num_num cup works great for me .
i liked the juice i got from this .
it is loud but fast and worth it .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
if you are looking for a good reliable charger ,  i would recommend this item .
i rarely if ever use a car charger but it s nice to have one in each car .
i read several consumer reviews that this was some of the best stainless cookware that is still very affordable .
will definitely buy another one when the current one gets old and no longer does its job .
doesn t slice spongy eggplant well ,  but does great on many other veggies .
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
my main objective in purchasing a case was the best protection possible for my phone .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
obviously higher priced ,  but it is a good quality product .
it is a little big for my hands ,  but it works .
i bought these glasses because they were inexpensive ,  while still appearing to be of good quality .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
love that has a red light that turns on to let you know it has power .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i thought it would be unbearable ,  hanging out your ear like it does ,  but it does pretty well .
this is a good and cheap rubber hard coated case .
the device takes about num_num hours to reach full charge ,  and once fully charge ,  it works like a charm .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
i expected a good product and that is just what i received .
i ve had mine for a year and it is going strong .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i got one of those in the early num_extend as a christmas gift .
this one got great reviews ,  though i was hesitant to buy online .
simple to use ,  i like strong coffee and put in one and half scoops of java .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i am happy with this little cheap case .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
it had a good non stick seasoning on it .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
definitely worth the num_extend i paid for it .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
the num_num cup bowl comes in handy too .
other cases ,  even good cases by otterbox  i . e .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
i ve owned this set for over a year .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
i rarely use the flashlight or laser pointer ,  but they are cool little features that could come in handy .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it s not quite as responsive as the original ,  but it s good .
i ve had it a few weeks now and so far so good .
sprinkling brown sugar on the batter made a mess of the machine but did taste good .
i had some drip ground coffee remaining in my pantry and it brewed up great .
i have used the bags and they are fine .
it does its job and helps when my battery runs out !  .
bought this product to make smooth baby food .
after one month of testing ,  i can say it s a good product but not perfect .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
the ,  i got smart and paid $ for a good ,  reliable product .
i cant believe i could replace my old one at such a great price !  .
this is a nice and cheap replacement sync cable .
just got this case in the mail a couple of days ago .
the next day i used it again and got much more .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
they are better than most of the alternatives that i have tried .
amazing product !  i never saw anything like this and had to have it .
great device to have when you don t have power access .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
i bought a pack of three and got it as described .
the cover is flexible but feels strong enough to protect it moderately .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
we have bamboo ,  tile ,  and wood floors and this works well . the only complaint is that it is very noisy .
we are a family of num_num and it s just perfect .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
it s worth the effort to pull out the machine and clean afterward .
instead of being hot and stuffy ,  it s actually cool .
i have only used this a couple of times to move the skillet around and so far ,  so good .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
it stores away so there s no cords on the way ,  very happy with my purchase .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
it is a good grade of plastic and pops the covers off for a quick change with no hassle .
i was quite surprised to see so many poor reviews .  .  . i love this toaster .
you do need to adjust to using the pillow but i like it .
these a super shakers as they have a nice size and hold a lot of salt and pepper .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
much heavier weight and higher quality than i anticipated .
it makes short work of citrus fruits ,  is easy to use and clean ,  and provides a very fine zest .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
what a great find !  i think i need another set .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
it s frigging annoying ,  but again ,  still worth it  .
i like the small size and light weight .
otherwise ,  other than the fact that it s not num_extend it s great .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
so it s worth knowing that the blades may not last as long in the newer machines .
the battery life is really good and is up to num_num hours .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i hope to find more reasonably priced ,  well made products made in the us !  .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
i just bent the tabs down on my door and made it fit .
i was so happy when i recieved this case in the mail .
this is a very sharp knife ,  so much so that i cut myself on the first use .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
the mic is pretty good but the other party can tell you are on a speaker phone .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i ve tried many as a manager of over num_num company cell phones and i like this one the best .
i ll have to use it more to see if it s really a great product .
but i d probably recommend using just the very slightest amount .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
great product ,  i was expecting the large one to be slightly larger .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
my eyes have also improved and they aren t so runny when i wake up in the morning .
good quality bumper ,  i purchased for a friend .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i got tired of always tripping over the cord of my old headphones . the sound quality is very good .
for an expensive device like an iphone ,  it s worth the protection .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
the itorch is a fairly compact battery pack .
they are durable bags good for holding single serving sizes of things .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i saw it got some good reviews so i thought i would give it a shot .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
my son got this boning knife for his dad for christmas .
the coating is extra slick and thicker than most .
as long as you dont drop it ,  its good to go .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
it seems to extract greater flavor from the coffee .
i even bought one for each of my daughters .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
i got mine from bestbuy ,  i bought a warranty .
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
if you want more than  basic  you ll probably be disappointed ,  but if not ,  this coffeemaker is a great option .
they are great for crackers ,  chips ,  cookies ,  etc .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
i ordered one for me and one as a christmas gift .
it works great !  i reviewed the video and read the instructions .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
this was brought for a friend but i ended up selling it to a friend and he likes it .
but for the price it was worth it .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
better than the one that came with my phone .
pros : more than any other part ,  i like the earpiece that goes in the ear .
i can use it anywhere in my house and move it from room to room as i need it .
i have no problem with them and the price is right .
i still made it work for me just not in the way i intended .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
these screen protectors are so perfect you can t even tell they re on the phone  if you install them correctly  .
i then found a deal on a jabra num_extend
til then num_num stars very well describes the quality and worth of this product .
warning it is sharp !  will cut fingers too !  .
originally purchased num_extend ago ,  and it still looks and works the same as it always did .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i would recommend if you need a replacement .
but even with that case with this holster it s albeit a tight squeeze it fits securely .
i ve had this oven for num_num months and so far i like it a lot .
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
$ seems like too high a price for this ,  but it also seemed like the best stand available .
it comes with a large assortment of adapters that fits virtually any electronic gizmo ever made .
but it does take up a lot of space though !  lol .
i bought this for my sister for christmas .
with the flat top it is easy to store things on top too .
the quality is excellent and is comparable to those brands costing much more .
i compared this with the other name brand  external batteries  ,  and this one is much better ,  hands down .
in under an hour it is completely charged .
i ll have to use it more to see if it s really a great product .
these are very good iphone screen protectors ,  and i settled on these after a lot of bad tries .
delivers on every regards a bluetooth headset is suppose to .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i have had this espresso maker for about num_num years now and still works greats .
so easy ,  even the kids can use it .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
voice dialing is simple and can even be done with mild background noise .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
it s a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
mine are rather large ,  and this thing fits fine !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
it works perfectly in just a few seconds .
i expect to use it for many years .
we have had no problems with the unit ,  it works perfectly every time .
i was skeptical about this product so this is a nice surprise .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
it s pricey but if you want a good headset than it s worth it .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
it works perfectly with my phone no problems .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
didn t think it would work but works great !  .
especially if you have a motorola phone that s not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
hope i find a good sale one day .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
so ,  i was searching on amazon and found this one .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
$ seems like too high a price for this ,  but it also seemed like the best stand available .
it is easy to charge up by plugging it in to your computer via the iphone charging cord .
no battery lasts forever and this has held up as well as the oem .
purchased this product to give to the lady who does my nails .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
it has a cord ,  so it has plenty of power .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
feels cheap but it works !  it is quite small and fits in nice and tight .
it creates much better heat for cooking with a wok ,  they way it is in intended .
you will find you have to give it a clean up now and again ,  cause it loves cookie crumbs .
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it came well packaged without any perceivable damage .
would i recommend it to others  ?  definately .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
if you re a screaming audiophile you re probably not listening to your phone ,  but this really ,  really sounds good .
i took a chance ,  and i bought it .
now i plan on purchasing a food processor and i believe it will definitely be a cuisinart .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
i had some success with these techniques ,  but it was a lot of work .
the key to making great coffee with it is ,  don t use too much coffee .
the best part is it was only like $
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i needed a better system of getting the liquid into smaller cups without spilling and this did the job .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
they look nice and do the job well !  no problems with these since i bought them .
i also connected to a iphone and it also works .
in spite of that ,  it still works fine and i use it often .
very nice product and much cheaper than other retailers .
i really like them !   i m sorry to read that others have not enjoyed them as much as i have .   .
i thought it would smooth out with use and it has .
it doesn t look very sturdy but it actually gives the righ amount of protection .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i own this product for about a year now .
i carefully read and followed the instruction manual and recipe .
nice heft to the pan ,  and even baking .
it s good to hot rinse it after each refill ,  to keep the mechanisms clear from clogs .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
got this to take along with me when traveling and camping .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
it saved me from buying a new phone !  .
i have owned this can opener for num_num years now and i am still mostly happy with it .
got them for like a little bit over a $
this is not a high quality finish but it s really decent .
bought a bunch since they only last a couple years but they work well when i need them .
it doesn t look sharp but it sure is .
it is the biggest one i got now .
haha loved the phone just wish i waited for the touch version not the trackball .
i gave it num_num stars .  .  .  . as a light weight meat grinder it works well .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
it great for those without built in bluetooth in their cars .
the phone is well protected in case of an accidental drop .
i think this is much more cost effective than buying bottled water .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
if you can find a good deal ,  it s definately worth purchasing .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
this is on of the few items i have found to actually be less expensive in the store .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
not a perfect fit since it wasn t designed for this model but works well .
if you want to get healthy .  . this can assist you .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
aside from that ,  the knives are stylish and sleek but are smaller and lighter than i expected .
i got this to hold the long cord for my desktop headset .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
you can t beat the value for the price .
it works great ,  and i ve had no further problems with the phone wobbling around in the cradle .
works great !  i bought this because my old phone was always dying ,  and this really does the trick .
got what i wanted since i needed an oem charger to sell my phone with .
wonderful !  !  !  if mine ever breaks ,  i ll be getting another one .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
i m glad i found it on amazon ,  as the price was reasonable .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
one of my better purchases here on amazon .
i bought this as a christmas present to myself last year .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
the handle stays cool and because of its shape ,  gripping it is stable .
it looks much more expensive and good than it actually costs .
it feels a little flimsy but it does the trick .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
i used it for making my own tomato sauce and it did a good job .
i have three dogs and three cats and love ,  love ,  love this product .
the price is decent ,  so i bought it .
very tight fit like a glove and it protected my htc amaze great .
i purchased this item based on the good reviews .
they have a bit of a sharp edge to them .
we have owned this model for about num_num years now and it has worked great until recently .
but considering the real cheap price of these on amazon it was worth the buy .
i prefer it ,  it s a mouth feel ,  texture and taste thing for me .
i got the razr max because of its double capacity battery .
like the feature that you have to push the button to pop up the toast ,  nice safety feature .
i wear glasses so it s important to have something that fits right .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
the blade has a wonderful combination of flexibility and rigidity .
i ve had this for about num_num months now and it hasn t broken ,  which is always good .
it s fantastic !  i was tempted to spend more and get the vitamix ,  but now i m glad i didn t .
plus it is all plastic and easy to wash .
nowadays a lot of stuff is made in china and that provides a competitive price .
it is not great but it does work .
now i will have to order the right size !  .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
with so many good reviews i felt i couldn t go wrong .
got this to have a backup for my phone in case i need it .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
it has an abundance of features and attachments for almost any purpose  most of which we have not used  .
works good but kinda hard to read in low light without a flashlight .
at last minute found this and read reviews .
at roughly $ i wasn t expecting too much ,  but was impressed with the materials ,  design ,  and construction .
but a quick wipe with a damp cloth makes them look fresh again .
the storage case is a nice and convient .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
i have been using the product for more than a month and it is still functioning properly .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
this is a great product and the price on amazon is much less than at home depot .
i got this to replace my old one .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
that was a bummer ,  but i will say that amazon handled it beautifully .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it is fairly bright and can be used as a flashlight .
this product is easy to use ,  but it is available from walmart for much less .
this one was on my wish list and someone gifted me with it .
i m surprised they still make this one and sell it .
i made sure to add my water before the coffee and it works well that way .
audio quality is excellent but i could never get the earbuds to make a great seal .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it also blocks out background noise as well .
it s pretty small ,  make sure the size is right for you .
wow !  granted ,  once i realized that i was using it upside down ,  it worked even better .
the price is excellent and even though it s quite cheap ,  it doesn t feel or look cheap .
it s made with good quality cast iron but not to heavy .
i was surprised at how sturdy and heavy it was .
i baked some butter croissants that were frozen and they came out beautifully .
i love this can measure two temps at one time .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i use coconut oil to keep it seasoned .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
charging time its not fast but works fine .
works well ,  especially needed now that i m getting some arthritis in my hands .
the flashlight also is a nice feature although i wish it were brighter .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
same good quality as my old one was .
i was having pain in my coccyx and this definitely helped alleviate the pain .
i m not a huge earbud fan but i found these to be pretty good headphones for casual listening .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
its good for alot of things has num_num functions .
i ll pour a small cuppa to enjoy and do that through the day .
but the coffee it makes is more concentrated than drip or pour over .
it s really hard to get on and off but that is also a good thing .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
maybe this helps keeps it from breaking ?  i m not sure ,  but i m very pleased with it !  .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
it also comes with a small felt bag which i think is a really nice add on .
it was also very inexpensive and was delivered quickly .
this thermometer was perfect for what i wanted .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
since it s made of wood ,  it has a nice sturdy look and feel .
i recommend this set if you can get a good price on it .
the trick is to have the dough the proper consistency .
it s also about $ with free shipping included .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
almost looks too nice to use !  its nice and smooth and has a good grip with the rubber .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
holds a charge better than the factory battery .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
this knife does the job for me and was inexpensive .
i owned a small gf grill and loved it .  .  . except for the dreaded ,  despicable cleanup .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
maybe i got a fluke ,  but it is great .
it looks flimsy ,  but is actually quite durable .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
another reviewer questioned the sizing ,  but i wear a size large  male  and this size large fits just fine .
it s somewhat translucent ,  so that s easy to see .
i have used them for over a year now and all of them are still working great !  .
not sure if others got a bad cable but mine works great .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
i haven t needed the mini usb adapter ,  but it was a good idea to include it .
i recently had to get a new iphone case for my iphone num_num and fortunately found this one .
the sound quality is great for that purpose ,  but i wouldn t use it for everyday music listening .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
i bought this as a backup before they quit making them and the price is quite reasonable ,  too .
i got it free with another product i bought .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
it pops into the corn and flavors it nicely .
i always research products and read reviews on them .
supports fast charging at num_extend and a good connection at the micro usb port .
i had a french press years ago and regretted misplacing it; now i m so happy to have another .
it support voice dialing if your phone does as well .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
its a pretty good charger which can charge two phones at the same time .
and i see some youtube videos too .  .  . very good battery .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
this came and i used it right away .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
they are filled with lots and lots of calories .
an excellent little adapter for connecting a usb device to your micro usb port .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it is a good thing amazon has a good return policy .
i ve had it for a few weeks now and it works great !  .
even a rectangular pizza is an added plus .
in the long run ,  you will be happier .
this knife is great ,  with just a couple of drawbacks .
this has saved me time and time again when my phone die on in transit .
yes ,  the price is on the high side .
the noise is minimal and it really does make a difference .
i took off one star for no volume rockers ,  everything else is good .
it s so reasonably priced that i won t mind buying a new one occasionally just to get new blades .
because of it s color it helps me see and remember my phone whenever i am leaving .
i bought this item to keep some and to give some away as gifts .
over the years ,  i ve reshaped my recipe a bunch of times and like what i have now quite well .
it s not perfect ,  but i haven t found a bluetooth headset that i love yet .
very good juicer ,  but leaks a bit all around and doesn t filter the best .
the speakerphone is loud enough it can work fine from there .
it is excellent at collecting dust and small debris .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
it may not serve as a protective case ,  but it still helps with that a little bit .
this will allow you to store as many symbian apps as you want .
this product took care of that problem for me .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i got it on sale in a store for half the price but i would get again !  .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
but cheap is as cheap does and it does good enough .
works great !  it is a little smaller in size than my samsung galaxy num_num phone .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
i bought num_num pack of num_num and they are just as good as any $ pack .
this is also more comfortable than my jawbone ,  which constantly popped out of my average sized ears .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
money spent well !  !  if you need a great car charger this is the one you need !  !  .
they are all inexpensive but nothing quite like the feel of a nice quality thick stainless steel part .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
requiring two hands to get the thing going makes it an interesting num_extend
i recently had to get a new iphone case for my iphone num_num and fortunately found this one .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it s put together well and remember this is not an expensive screen .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
the glass is thick and has a strong feel to it .
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
it also has an additional compartment for spare batteries or accessories .
i can take pictures with it on too .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
finding a way to use the long arms to hold the actual phone can also be a challenge .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
this is better than cell phone extended battery .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
it is a useful device rather than a fun device .
i happened to see this one on sale in a department store so i went ahead and got it .
it doesn t take up too much space ,  but it is powerful .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
i know there are the num_num cups ,  which i had before ,  but this is much better .
i prefer the glass over the metal  i do have one of those too  .
i bought this to have a few extras .
they were extremely nice ,  and sent me a replacement right away .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the num_extend video recording is also of decent quality .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
it s not very pretty but it is functional .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it does get dirty rather easily as it is white ,  but is a great case .
it doesn t charge as quickly as a home charger ,  but it gets the job done !  .
i bought this for easy backup power on the go .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
not super high quality  and for this price you shouldn t expect it  but they ll serve their purpose .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
my body constantly aches and a hot bath that covers your whole body works wonders .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i have seen others complain that this doesn t froth enough for them but it works well for me .
this product works just fine ,  but i wish it came in stainless steel  something more attractive ,  classy  .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
i got this mixer about a month ago .
well ,  it s beginning to leak ,  but it still works !  i m spoiled now .
granted i ve only had this case for a few days ,  but i really like it so far .
really cute case ,  but extrremely hard to take off .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
if you are looking for a good product .  .  . this is the one .
i got these to carry extra batteries for my flash .
overall ,  i d recommend this machine as an addition to a better quality one .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
what a great way to keep my shoes !  .
while it is not a cusinart ,  it s is also half the price and gets the job done .
works as well as it did num_num years ago .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
they still work great ,  but are no longer shiny .
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
while not perfect ,  for me this makes peeling garlic much easier and quicker .
i bought this to make fresh food for my cats .
use it a couple of times a week .
this is very handy ,  since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off .
my cookies came out so fantastic i couldn t believe it .
a must have if you have a dog that likes to chew .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
it had a couple of small bubbles but has held up very well since then .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i recommend if you don t mind coughing up the extra money .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
touch screen is much better than num_num and num_extend
let s hope it lasts more than a year .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
they are hard to find in local stores ,  so buying here on amazon . com is a great deal .
it works well but i wish it had a micro usb plug to charge it .
it s lightweight and with a non stick coating .
what a difference !  i wish i had found this sooner .
the device is very compact ,  and the blades are sharp .
nothing great but does what it is supposed to do .
love these for my recipes that i ve cut out .
they comes in quite a few different colors .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
also great to clean around the dishwasher door where everything spills .
has num_num different earbuds so you can get a good fit for your ear .
took num_num orders before i got one that was not defective but it was worth the wait .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i have not used it much but was happy with it when i did .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i use it to make my butter so it gets a workout .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
definitely better then $ at a mass retailer and of comparable quality .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it also feels smooth on the finger ,  and isn t overly reflective like some other brands .
overall it s a nice product but only if you really need the large charge .
this is a great product ,  but arrived very very very late .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
it is a nice heavy weight but not overly heavy .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i ve never had one of such high quality .
i got the martini glass earlier and liked them so much i replaced my old highball glasses with these .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
it does take up a lot of room in my kitchen drawer ,  but it s a nice product .
i really needed more earphones since my sister kept on breaking them . the colors and design are great .
nice colors and inexpensive price is what attracted me to purchase this product .
great for gravy ,  for instance ,  among many other foods .
so i still like it ,  it s still usable ,  but i took off one star for durability .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
popped it right in and charged it right up .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
not a big deal for me since you always have another battery to pop in . good product .
seido makes some good stuff but read the reviews because not all is good for some items they make .
this is a fairly inexpensive headset which has some nice features for the price .
i almost bought the smaller pan ,  but am glad i got the medium one .
they no longer carry this brand so i found them on amazon at a very fair price .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
it is a little strange taking phone calls in stereo ,  but it works fine .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
and to top it off it comes with a holster .
this removes num_num star . the price is reasonable at under $
charging over usb  for both of these units  is a really nice feature that many other chargers are missing .
i got this because i could listen to music without having to use ear phone .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
it worked great . the lesson is the quality control is less than good .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
the quality was better than my cordless landline phone .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
the antenna gives me better gain than other models .
this item is actually bigger than i expected .
when it has problems ,  the internet is a treasure trove of knowledge about how to fix it .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
so far ,  so good . mine lasted about num_num years until i broke the bulb .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
maybe not entirely necessary ,  but it did work well when i made num_extend
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
it s the shine that makes the effort worthwhiledownsides :  brushes are awkward to use and get bent after one use .
this is all thanks to the bluetooth headset . i encourage you to buy your own bluetooth headset .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
the smallest is a little larger than your thumb ,  great for mixing small batches of marinade or salad dressing .
like any other screen protector ,  it protects your screen fairly well .
this was brought for a friend but i ended up selling it to a friend and he likes it .
good deal for num_num batteries and a charger .
it is weighty ,  but the handle design helps balance that out a bit .
works pretty good ,  it has a clicking sound when you first turn it on ,  but no big deal .
for the price you can t beat this charger .
this is very nice ,  though it is smaller than i did expect it to be .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
i just recommend they put instructions along with it .
however when i received the package i was quite surprised at how good it was .
probably not good for people with young children; but otherwise they are great .
i bought this case for my iphone num_extend and this case looks really good on the wight iphone num_extend
it is cheaply made ,  but it serves its purpose .
it doesn t quite feel like leather .  .  . maybe something like hard pleather ,  but it definitely feel quality .
these will last as long as i need them .
i just don t like the long boom . overall ,  a great headset .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
it may not keep things hot ,  but certainly warm .
just bought this one because the filters were cheap and it is a popular item .
it works great !  i have a cell phone ,  no land line .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
though it is not very stable but it is usable .
i have been using mine for a few weeks ,  and here are my thoughts : pros : very ,  very durable .
got what i wanted since i needed an oem charger to sell my phone with .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
i found one in a store almost exactly the same for $ so this is a great deal .
the handle is comfortable and does not tire my hand with heavy chopping .
loved this til it didn t work after a couple of months .
i thought it may have been a fluke so i bought another ,  so far so good .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
so even though it s not hot hot ,  it s still much warmer .
i got this because i thought that it would be a fun item to have around .
i ve only had this for a few days ,  but so far the battery life seems great as well .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i prefer them stacked in a drawer so i can simply reach in and grab the one i want .
i d probably get red if i ordered it again ,  but the blue is nice enough .
the chrome colored parts of this case are plastic ,  but the rest looks nice .
while the instructions are not super clear ,  the pictures give you a good idea of what to do .
i got this battery as a back up ,  especially when i m we re out .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
everything good except it is hard to thoroughly clean all the inside groove and nooks .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
its an old phone model but it does the job .
i recommend it if you have an iphone without a cover .
i purchased this product because it was advertised as hand made and i enjoy the look of wrought iron .
i think this will last for a while .
i had this case for the num_extend and the num_extend case is pretty good as well .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
so yea ,  good product but not so great support .
so easy ,  even the kids can use it .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
i ve been using recipes with low dairy fat content and even these work well .
this screen is a good value for the money .
i bought two of these the first time .
i look to many more years from this great appliance .
i will update this review again in a month or so you will know if it still works .
i wish the volume could be louder at times but it does it s job .
this is the second one i brought ,  and it s better than the first .
looked brand new ,  which is amazing considering my phone is num_num years old .
but for the amazon sale price we are happy with it .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
this is my first experience with cast iron and i am in love .
worth the extra money you spend on this as compared to calphalon .
i just got them in the mail the other day and boy was i surprised .
i finally shelled out some cash for a case and it was absolutely worth it .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
it feels light and flimsy but works good .
a little too small for what i was expecting but good for one person .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
i ve only used it once ,  but it worked very well .
since then ,  i ve been using it to make brownies ,  and i love it .
but the spatula is very handy and it works great . couldn t work in my kitchen without at least one !  !  .
i just used my pot for the first time and have to say that i love it .
the more i use it ,  the better the food tastes .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
the size is great for num_num or num_num people .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
the color is nice ,  not bright red but a darker red .
this product took care of that problem for me .
i have had a spinner before ,  but with a crank ,  but this is so much better .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
they work well but are very light and flimsy .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
for those of us increasingly dependent on our mobile devices ,  a car charger is very handy .
this product is easy to use ,  but it is available from walmart for much less .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
this is very handy ,  since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off .
it holds a charge pretty well; i use it about two days before i have to charge it again .
at first glance the case looks slippery ,  hard and unyielding but it s just right bendible and easy to grip .
this lets me power up anything with a usb connection .
that said ,  wonderful coffee pot ,  even with relatively inexpensive ground coffee from the supermarket .
although plastic in construction ,  it is of durable material .
yes this is great on the stove top .
the num_extend is a nice upgrade from the num_num mah model i purchased previously ,  due to the increased power .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
this allows it to cool down naturally within a reasonable amount of time .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
now my great review is not so amazing .
this is a great mixer ,  but it has it s limits .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
this is so much better than others on the market !  .
it looks fragile ,  but it holds up to my heavy hand .
this is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
i really like it but the quality is not the best .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i got one a few months ago ,  and use it almost every day .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it s a great little machine ,  a bit noisy ,  though .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
it did exactly what i wanted it to do .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
i purchased this item due to the good reviews .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
it s a bit more narrow than i would have liked ,  but this is still a great tool .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
amazon gives a price equal or better than i found on a wholesale level .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the monitor is very easy to setup as well as to move from outlet to outlet in the house .
this headset is certainly better than most of the cheap headsets out there .
it s heavy duty and durable !  worth the extra $
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
nice that you can detach the cable from the plug to use with other chargers if needed .
they still work great ,  but are no longer shiny .
the one i have looks a little different than what they show ,  but i actually like mine better .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
for the price ,  i couldn t believe how nice this set is .
and all you have to do is periodically vacuum the dust filter and it is good to go again .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
i installed the sw on my laptop and it went well .
lite soap and water is good and i dry it asap .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
you can tell the difference between oxo wooden utensils and others because of the quality .
wish i had found this knife years ago !  .
little light looks cool when lit up ,  but it is pretty bright .
i waited for this to come back in stock and so happy i did .
i d recommend if your old one has split or cracked like mine did .
have had no issues with this skillet and meat cooks well on it .
if you re not too particular about your coffee ,  it s a fine option .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
only a small annoyance ,  otherwise a good buy .
my only complaint is the cord is a bit short ,  but otherwise it s a good product .
i have larger hands which are also strong .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
it does make really good popcorn just treat it gently .
the locking mechanism is very useful so that you can truly hold it by the handle .
it is actually darker and then lighter depending on the light .
i haven t had it too long but i m hoping it will hold up nicely .
great product ,  but hard to find a belt holster case for .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
worth paying a few extra bucks i would think .
admittedly the pump isn t super powerful ,  but for less than $ it does a great job .
it is very quiet ,  and does not give off nearly as much heat as i was expecting .
i have been using the product for more than a month and it is still functioning properly .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
no problems at all  .  . was a gift for my son he likes it .
it comes with two adapters and one of them allows you to fit the num_extend
the itorch is a fairly compact battery pack .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
also ,  you can view your pictures and videos in full screen mode .
this allows it to cool down naturally within a reasonable amount of time .
i haven t had a chance to use this a lot ,  but so far so good .
the blades that come with it do pretty much everything i need .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
also had to buy a permanent filter for his and mine came with one !  definitely recommend this item !  .
i ve bought multiple of these in the past few years .
not a scratch and it still worked perfectly .
this vacuum really sucks .  .  .  . but in a good way . the motor is plenty strong .
its good but not great considering what else is available at this price point .
wife broke the first one but liked it well enough we had to get a second one .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i don t know if it is  scary sharp  but it is extremely sharp .
the design is even more vivid than expected .
just the right size for me as well .
i was worried this wouldn t work as well with the touch screen ,  but it s great .
the real color was darker than the picture but is cute too .
don t let negative reviews steer you the wrong way ,  you will love this item .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
i got this knowing i would have to trim it to fit my ipod .
i use these all the time as well as the larger size .
this lets me power up anything with a usb connection .
this little stand does the job and it cost under num_num bucks !  .
i wish i got it sooner for its convenience .
dis is da bomb !  it has a wonderful texture ,  not all dry like styrofoam .
people complain about some other headsets i have ,  so this one is good .
i dont own that phone anymore but it works well with my iphone .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
the coffee is good and it works quickly ,  but it has a few grounds .
i bought this in num_extend and still use it regularly .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
they are durable glasses and do not easily break like some glasses .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
don t know how ,  but maybe it s just me . overall ,  very great phone for a very great price .
it made my pile of cleaning supplies look tidy .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i received an extra battery with my unit .
the material is fairly thin and lightweight ,  making them very easy to use .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however ,  they worked perfect .
i received one as a gift to use with my iphone num_extend
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
it may seem like a lot of messing around to make it work but it was worth it .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
good luck with your purchase and read the reviews .
i found that just powering the unit off and on again did the trick .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
if you drink mostly drip and an occasional espresso drink ,  i think you will be happy .
charging the num_extend takes a reasonable amount of time .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
so such an inexpensive unit ,  really worth the money .
the quality and was better than i expected .
it is also capable of supporting up to num_num wireless internet connections by acting as a mobile hotspot .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
hopefully it will last for num_extend years as well .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
the carafe seems to drip a lot ,  otherwise a good coffee maker .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i was impressed as soon as i opened the package on delivery .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
it works well and i have never had the problems the above reviewers have .
i got two sizes and they are just the ticket for making sauces ,  pudding and such .
i have bought this item a few times .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
please be aware when making your purchase  !  .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
screen protectors are best if you don t know they re there .
i wish it were cheaper ,  but the quality and utility make up for it .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
it is necessary to have that antenna as close to the phone as possible to achieve the highest performance .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
i have horrible allergies in the spring and fall and this works great .
the handle is a little short but comfortable to hold .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i got two of these to have on hand since i have a cat that likes to chew cords .
tells you battery level when you turn it on .
my old charger was very slow in charging but this one is very quick ,  like it !  .
the lid doesn t fit as cleanly as i d like but otherwise it s a great product .
i hand wash it but it s easy to clean .
i have several others in different colors and patterns .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
works great !  i bought this because my old phone was always dying ,  and this really does the trick .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i think this helps the flavor of the coffee .
it s dressy enough to wear with my suits and casual enough to wear with my jeans .
it s nice to have a product that doesn t feel like a lightweight version of its former self .
i forgot how much i liked this keyboard .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i forgot just how nice it looked when new .
the device gets good reception ,  but the cellular antenna is very sensitive .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
a wonderful buy for my money !  thank you for a great product !  .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
love the black and how functional it is .
i charged it for first time with my friend s charger ,  worked great .
still ,  i like the price and that amazon prime convenience .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine .
the card will work with many other types of cell phones as well .
it makes a great cup of coffee each time by just the touch of the bar .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it s simple and effective . my only problem comes from the thickness of the fabric .
i got this as an upgrade to a smart phone from a plan old phone .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i love that it has no plastic whatsoever .
they seem a little bit flimsy but work well .
it also works great in removing other odor such as pet .
i feel it is well constructed and durable ,  but nothing lasts forever .
the heavy duty metal that it is made from is worth the extra bucks .
i was afraid the quality of plastic was going to be lacking but it s actually very good quality .
you can hear the motor when dispensing ,  which is a good thing .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
probably all the good reviews drove it up .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
i had the much older model until someone borrowed it and i like this one so much better .
always looking at new products this company comes out with .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
oh ,  i also hooked this up to my num_extend and it works like a charm there too .
i really like it but the quality is not the best .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i bought this hoping the quality was still good for this unit .
i am always reluctant to use products that rely on adhesive and suction ,  but this adhesive works very well .
i bought it however because i needed one and got it in the mail today .
they are comfortable enough to wear for a while .
i tried it with two phones ,  one of them an android ,  and it worked well with both .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
doesn t totally fit my num_extend perfectly but it does work .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
i bought her this sharpener because i had one years ago and liked it .
maybe they changed the design or something ,  but mine is definitely white .
it has a little light to let me know it has power .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i eat one portion fresh and have two more portions later .
i bought a num_num cup as well which works well when you need to make a larger amount .
with so many good reviews i felt i couldn t go wrong .
good product ,  downfall it was har to see the screen when it is very bright surroundings .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
great timer ,  quality seems to be much better than the other brands i bought over the past few years .
i have had one of these for years and bought one for my daughter for christmas .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
i ve used otterbox cases on a number of products and they are top notch .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
i have been using the quart size bags for just about everything and then i found these .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
after searching i found this on on amazon .
this replacement battery worked perfectly on my cell phone .
the skin get crispy enough that i found myself eating the skin !  .
i just wipe it with a damp cloth and good as new .
helps keep the phone clear and from any scratches .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
i have tried others ,  like this oil the best .
the low setting is still very strong and kinda loud .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i was happy to receive this product ,  since i had been considering buying one for awhile .
i ordered this replacement and it was simple to install .
easy to carry and put my phone back to pocket !  .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
it is thin ,  but the price was right .
just one button to do both !  another push finishes the call and gets the music going again .
the are comfortable to use ,  and good quality . be aware ,  though ,  that the plastic is fairly easily stained .
a few passes through both of the stones in this sharpener had my global sharp as new .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
easy to clean too ,  just rinse it off after every use .
so far ,  though ,  i ve had no problems . what i have had is a lot of tasty popcorn .
i will buy these again when i need it .
i haven t tried many pairs ,  but these fit well and the sound quality was good .
i like knowing what the level of battery is when i turn it on .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it comes with a guide for the position of the screws which helped .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i imagine most people aren t going to have much use for it though . overall : this is an excellent headset .
if you are one who doesn t like touching hot things ,  this feature is nice .
it is beautiful ,  but i didn t like using it for everyday .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
these are nice measuring cups !  i like them better than the cheap plastic ones  which i gave away  .
i hope it will last a couple of years  :   .
i wanted a good unit with good reliability .
the bristles are soft as well as flexible .
i got this because i thought that it would be a fun item to have around .
we also have two cats and it has seemed to help with the amount of hair floating around .
great alternative versus buying one in store for over $
this works just fine ,  i ve been using it every other day or so for a few weeks .
there is a little more bass and treble sounds good .
one time i got a cheaper brand and i can tell the difference right away .
compared to more expensive one this is worth the buy .
i ve never owned a high end set of knives but they make a huge difference .
it still isn t right but it works fine .
the beads give them a nice vibrant look ,  not loud at all ,  but subtle elegance .
gave this as a gift to my friend .
i always find myself pushing the ear buds in .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
i make a different flavor each day . i have read the reviews on this product .
the case is rugged and strong ,  the seams around the edge aren t perfectly matched ,  but close enough .
we used it for the first time last night ,  and it worked well .
it was inexpensive and is so simple to use .
i d give it a try and see if it works for you .
this is a good spare charger if  and only if  your phone was designed for a num_extend charger .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
the medium set is more comfortable for me .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
took some creative cleaning to keep using it .
i have well water which is not the best ,  these filters do the job .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
love that i can use glass jars and not plastic bags to save my food .
i thought at num_num pounds it would not be heavy enough but it works just fine .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
not a great quality finish ,  but a very durable case .
then it would be really good !  but it is not slick and is easy to hold .
plus it features a powerful induction motor for heavy dough .
it took about a week to come in but it was worth the wait .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
don t use it as your kitchen clock ! overall excellent coffee maker !  !  .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
the utensils that came with the set are also very nice .
i have used several of them over the years i have had my phone and they are great .
this removes num_num star . the price is reasonable at under $
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
will be buying these again once i use these up .
the inside pot has cool handles to lift out num_extend
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
it was hard to pay so much $ but in the end i am very happy with my purchase .
the colors are deeper and darker on mine ,  but i like them .
as most reviewers have already said these work well .
it is slender and light without adding bulk .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
the seller got the item to me quickly with free shipping .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i am not a popcorn fan ,  but this thing is just so awesome .
a little too small for what i was expecting but good for one person .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
the material is fairly thin and lightweight ,  making them very easy to use .
the key to making great coffee with it is ,  don t use too much coffee .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i like having a place for my lid when it s still wet from the moisture of cooking .
hadn t really thought about this until just as i was purchasing and am quite pleased .
i got this to replace my original battery .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i had it on my phone for close to a year !  that s how good it is .
i received an extra battery with my unit .
works good but kinda hard to read in low light without a flashlight .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
they have held up well and i have had no problems .
i also purchased a soft gel skin ,  but i like this one the best .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
and the included buds are comfortable and adjustable with different neoprene earpieces .
the matte texture is not smooth as plain glass ,  but it is nice to feel on the fingertips .
very reasonably priced !  cannot find these in the stores .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
the product is affordable and it works fine .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
it fits my iphone fine and the usb in the computer .
i suggest having a num_extend watt microwave to ensure the best result .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
you need a large ,  sturdy filter to brew a consistent ,  quality cup of coffee with a chemex .
i tried hand washing the separator ,  but found it much easier and cleaner to run it through the dishwasher .
the case is cute and doesn t really add that much bulk to it .
iphone num_num has a higher resolution ,  but color saturation and black levels are just stunning .
i was a bit skeptical and was scared to fully test it out but hopefully this helps your decision . thanks !  .
these come in very handy as the item we replaced was bulky and in the way .
you have to put some pretty good torque on it to get it to open .
all things considered it s cheap ,  reasonably well made ,  and effective .
when i can t reach people because their smartphones are dead ,  i will recommend this product .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
washed nicely without the rust i ve encountered on cheaper screens .
good value for the price i paid  on sale  .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
i find that to be the same for me .
it does its job and helps when my battery runs out !  .
i just don t like the long boom . overall ,  a great headset .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
reason for num_num rather than num_extend aside from this minor issue ,  everything else works pretty well .
tells you battery level when you turn it on .
this is a simple phone with a good signal .
i truthfully haven t used it yet ,  but i feel it will be worth having .
i got this to put my lunch in for work .
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
i can lay it face down and it protects the screen .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
have owned this item purchased from amazon for nearly num_num years and it is still working perfectly .
since i bought it ,  i have found that i use it more often than i thought i would .
i love that these keep stuff off my washer and dryer .
for the price you can t beat this item .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
they are great for crackers ,  chips ,  cookies ,  etc .
i look forward to using it in the future .
well worth the money spent ,  but be prepared to wait for shipping if it s coming from another country .
it doesn t fit really tight in any of my devices but it does work without issues .
this product was great  i got a new phone so i don t use it anymore  .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it is better than putting a cork back in a bottle .
this is great for loose tea or as i have been experimenting with ,  is cold coffee .
you will be pleased . got mine from amazon .  .  . no tax and free shipping .
these are a very good product in this color ,  haven t tried the darker colors others had problems with .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i moved the star rating to num_num stars since it s very nice and easy to use .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
good range ,  comfortable ,  easy to use . on the flip side ,  i did not care for the ear loops at all .
i bought this to deal with my allergies  pollen and cat dander both affect me  and it works remarkably .
however i soon was grinding up some perfect beans for a perfect cup of coffee .
i ve had this for about a month now and so far so good .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it is very well made ,  but it is very thin .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the good news is that otterbox will replace your case if it becomes damaged within one year of purchase .
although it is plastic ,  it seems very durable .
in any case ,  i ve been using a brita filter pitcher for years and my water always tastes clean .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
warm this up with hot water before making your coffee and it will stay hot for a while .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i bought this one for my motorola razr .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
good for rolling dough or other messy projects .
it s also great when you are in a loud room with lots of extraneous noise .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
its simple to take off and put back on .
i got tired of always tripping over the cord of my old headphones . the sound quality is very good .
my daughter was so happy when i got this .
i lucked out and got it at walmart for $
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
i ve been looking for something to help with the hair problem on the hardwood and this vacuum works great .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i got this one because it looked sturdier .
makes great coffee ,  no grounds in my cup .
i use it frequently and it is serving me well .
i was also surprised by the improved quality of the videos this device shoots .
use it a couple of times a week .
i used this item to juice tangerines and it was great .
this product is much superior to others i have owned in the past .
very comparable to the width of an iphone .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
it is made out of a pretty solid plastic .
i got my $ worth out of it and more .
it really is a quality product which i expected from kitchen aid .
i couldn t afford a new one and found this rebuilt one here at amazon .
this seems to be made very well made but it s real  bendy  .
the pump is actually quieter than on the old model .
much better than my old ones of another maker that did bend .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
i might just buy one of those too and see which type works the best .
as a charging dock it works just for what i needed .
i tried it with the charger and hdmi cables and both worked well .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
this set was a little expensive for us ,  but well worth the investment .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
this case is pretty slim yet protects the phone from the elements .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
they re tough ,  easy to hold ,  and ,  i think ,  classy looking .
the coffee is good and it works quickly ,  but it has a few grounds .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
i would buy it again in the future .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
the size is great and barely noticeable on your ear .
lite soap and water is good and i dry it asap .
i have owned numerous bluetooth headsets and this one is my favorite .
it looks flimsy ,  but is actually quite durable .
much better than the acrylic type we had in past .
i needed a better system of getting the liquid into smaller cups without spilling and this did the job .
i have used the product for num_num years ,  still works like new .
this product works with alkaline or rechargeable batteries .
other than that ,  this is a fantastic case .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks and so far so good .
there is a reason why this has such good reviews .
so far i have ordered two of these !  .
i had an older one of these ,  still works .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
but it does take up a lot of space though !  lol .
i was extremely happy and i can t wait to get a new one !  !  !  !  .
if you anchor these with as many screws as possible you really cant beat the strength .
wow i love the color pink is it is very hard to see the diamond design on the case .
i just wish the cord was a little longer but in all a great product .
i prefer this headset to the one that came with my ipod .
we are a bit clumsy and these being corelle is perfect so we don t break them .
num_extend video looks good on the screen ,  but not the best blown up .
the earphones stick out a little ,  but the sound is pretty decent for the price .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
we got this after borrowing one from a friend .
but this size is small and convenient to store .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
holds a lot of weight for such a slim design .
i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it .
this is a great feature . wifi :  i do not text or get online that much with a cell phone .
i like this case but dont love it .
however my magic eraser takes care of that without damaging the finish !  .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
the best part is that i have num_num of them .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good .
it works great ,  i ve noticed no odd smells that others have complained about .
i ve obviously cleaned it here and there ,  but everything is still in  like new  condition .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
cast iron isn t the easiest to care for ,  but it sure is durable .
it makes typing easier because the keyboard on the screen is so small .
i bought about num_num of these just to have on hand while the others are in the dishwasher .  .  . love them !  !  !  .
also the screwin plug works well ,  make sure you have it threaded in straight then just tightenit down snugly .
for someone that likes their tea extra strong it is fantastic .
i knew this bumper wouldn t protect anything but it looks good though lol .
i wish the price was lower ,  but otherwise great .
got what i wanted since i needed an oem charger to sell my phone with .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i have tried other headsets and at last got a true num_extend
it s slightly expensive for what you get ,  but it works .
i ve had it for a month and so far i like it .
the price is a little much but i guess it s worth it .
this one doesn t !  plus the taste is so fresh and pure .
i think this is a great inexpensive bluetooth .
every now and then will use a little soap to clean .  very satisfied for the price .
worth the purchase price ,  plus i got super saver shipping .
she asked for it ,  happy that she received it .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
but its still better than my original battery .
a well built case that included a micro usb connector .
these measuring cups are great !  i wanted a new set that wasn t plastic with markings that would rub off .
the best part is it was only like $
i finely got the set together after getting this knife .
considering the low price ,  even if it doesn t last long ,  it s a decent deal .
this doesn t produce as fine of mist as pam spray ,  but it still produces a nice even coat .
i have washed it once and it came out perfectly .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
we decided to spend a little more and get a product that works well and will last .
although not as heavy as regular calphalon products ,  it s still a great addition to my pots and pans .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone ,  but it works .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
nice weight to them ,  and they are tall .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
all in all a great machine but i m sure nowadays you can purchase better ones .
took maybe num_num days to get but i received it in a timely manner .
this brand has always lived up to good standards . i ve had a bad experience with another brand in the past .
it is not as fast as the original and sometimes stops charging at % but it works well .
not to happy about that but it s too late i really love this phone .
its very powerful ,  but filter needs cleaned very often .
overall ,  it s a good product that i still use and would buy again .
i have been using it for a year ,  although rarely ,  and it works just fine .
its taste good and its good for you .
otherwise ,  this product is excellent and i ve had no problems with it at all .
the part i really like most is the tripod mount built in .
i m happy to say the samsung droid charge has caused no problems for me so far .
this is quite a bit heavier than i expected  good  .
i hate plastic ,  so this was a great alternative .
it looks nice unless you look really close .
the sound quality is beyond what i expected for a wireless device . hope this review helps .
now i can take nice deep bath in my old bathtub .
i thought it was smaller than the photo led me to believe ,  but other than that ,  it was great .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
one thing i can say about this item is that the price was right .
i bought several to try them out and see which i liked best .
together with the farther extending microphone ,  this unit produce the best sound both incoming and outgoing .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
always gotta remember to grease it really well .
i have never purchase anything like this and would highly recommend it to anyone .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i got this to replace my original battery .
i purchased this as a gift for someone .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
my daughter had one and recommend this to me .
i used super glue to put it back on and its fine now .
it works fine and pops most of the kernels .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
i ve had this crepe pan for a year now and the nonstick is still working great .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
this is fine as i prefer a slightly stronger brew .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
macro lens is great ,  i wasn t expecting it to take pictures from that close distance .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
i have had this soap dispenser for over three years so overall i have been very happy with it .
this one allows sound to play while it s plugged in and being used .
so the first day i got it i noticed a crack on the back part .
i was so surprised when this one arrived .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
it is a good and robust product ,  overall it lacks a better looks .
the length is a bit awkward but it does do the job .
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
i love the fact that it s nice and soft but not too soft .
its very large ,  bigger than i expected ,  but it is awesome .
it helps keep my cat room odor free .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
sometimes it fits well and other times a top piece keeps popping off .
works well and is well made but i think $ is a little much for this item .
what a clever idea and it works really well .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
better than the one that came with my phone .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
which is just as well ,  since putting them on and taking them off is really hard !  .
they fit my tablet great haven t had any problems at all .
the lid is nice and secure ,  but still possible to open .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
if you re going to get one  and you should spurge a little and get a nice one .
after spending some time looking at reviews on the internet i decided that it might be worth it .
it s good looking as well as functional . that said ,  i don t use it to mince garlic ,  only to crush it .
the chirp is a little annoying ,  but oh well !  the small size is so nice .
it can fit many devices ,  at least my iphone .
but it s small and it s cute ! note :  to find a silicone mat without fillers ,  just bend it .
i have found few uses for bags this small .
overeall really great item that isn t expensive at all .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i got two sizes and they are great .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
as always i can depend on amazon to deliver a great product .
this is a good product to help you pry those phone covers off without breaking a nail or something .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
it s a cross between a mild espresso type taste and a superior drip machine .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
so far ,  though ,  so good . i ve been losing some weight and i want to keep that up .
works great on my phone and keeps it charged have had it several months still working just fine !  .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
also ,  if you want to store in fridge for a few days it is perfect .
it is large and needs space to keep .
mine was made in china and i got it at $
seems that maybe it could be a little warmer but it still gets the job done .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
the chirp is a little annoying ,  but oh well !  the small size is so nice .
it is remarkable to take a taste test; it is almost unbelievable .
i am very pleased but it would be nice if it was not so expensive .
every once in awhile ,  i ll use a clorox wipe ,  and give it a really good wiping all over .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
but for me this size is just fine .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
these boards are simple and inexpensive ,  and do their job well .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
the cover is very good for being such an inexpensive item .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
it works very well if you prefer a finer grind which i do .
the material for the white plastic part is kind of cheap but the pink silicone part seems pretty good .
this one has the same feel as the original made by apple .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
works like a champ ,  although i think the design looks a little silly .
it s so cute ,  for the time being ,  i have it displayed on my stove .
you just have to know how to put it on right .
it is a little more pricey but i feel it will last years to come .
it s versatile ,  unlike the num_num smaller slots on your typical toaster .
i ve always had good experiences ordering from amazon . com .
my little girl uses an old iphone of ours for her games and she loves this case .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
works very well ,  but i have to use pliers when it needs to be remove for any other device .
i have now had the unit for a couple of months and it is working great !  .
they are very sturdy and have shown no sign of rusting whatsoever .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
this works well to keep soap dry and not have so much mess to clean up .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
i got this to replace my old one .
doing num_num at a time is nice ,  for me that s about the right speed .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
i had an otterbox commuter case on my previous phone and thought it was a great case .
i will buy again when i need it .
the pocket is handy also to store book and favorite receipts .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
this is perfect except forthe size of the holes .
this mixer does the job ,  and handles these with no problems .
it works well as far as the music quality .
to keep it extra sharp ,  i d recommend purchasing an accusharp knife sharpener . in all ,  i couldn t be happier .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
buy it if you think you need it .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
easy to handle ,  safer than plastic ,  and the lid doesn t leak if attached properly .
and the chrome adds a nice touch to it too .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i was able to put it back on and glue it and it works fine .
plus ,  if there is an intruder it makes a great weapon .
the interior of the lid is unusual looking .
i previously owned an num_extend and was impressed with the quality for the price .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
works better than the battery the phone came with .
i honestly recommend this product and hope that this may help someone considering buying it !  .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
the bowl is a heavy gauge ss and holds a good quantity of food .
i d give it num_num stars ,  but that intimates perfection .
both times an egg cracked so the white oozed out of the crack ,  but still all eggs perfectly cooked .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
it is not a noise cancelling model ,  but for a low cost bluetooth ,  this one works well .
it could be larger  like num_extend cubic feet  but works great for me .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it is easier to use than a razor blade .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
these glasses don t come across as high quality ,  but on the other hand ,  they are great for the price .
the grinds are so much more consistent than the cheaper grinders .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
they work well and don t get soggy after baking .
this isn t a top of the line headset but for its price its a good bargain .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i wouldn t say it exactly looks good though .
they offer various sizes to suit your needs .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
i like the small size and light weight .
they re also cheaper and well worth the money .
this is a great little starter set ,  or an add on .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i ve had this about a month and use it often .
this is one of the lowest cost burr grinders on the market .
it does get a bit heavy and tiring after a while ,  but the result is well worth it .
but its still better than my original battery .
this charger is good enough to charge an iphone num_num about num_num times .
works well ,  and it is loud enough to get your attention when it goes off .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
would recommend i used this for an iphone .
i got this to replace my old one .
bought two of the larger imp models ,  and wanted one for my wife so got this one too .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
i have had this case on for about num_num months now ,  and its great .
this was bought for my son as a gift and he absolutely loves it .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
best yet it was actually the size i was expecting .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
i was also able to listen to audio on my iphone through the speakers .
i was so surprised when this one arrived .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
alot of dust get in those spots . the attached screen protector is neat .
it s easy to clean and i have no problem recommending it .
i got a good deal when buying num_num packs of this .
it s great for drying a small towel after something is wiped up before it goes into the hamper .
this bag holds more than enough for that task .
i got this thing from amazon for free as a free gift with purchase .
it will still break . for $ it s a great bargain .
i took them right back and got another pair .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the  good grips  on them makes them easy to handle .
if your original cord gets damaged this is a good alternative to buying the more expensive apple cables .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
but its still better than my original battery .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
there are a number of things to like about this product .
it s a nice phone for not a lot of money .
it s also great for vent mounting ,  provided you don t have one of those vents that oscillates automatically .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
a great product !  i ordered num_num more for my friends and to have a couple of extra ones .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
just make sure you have some signal to work with ,  and it will work for you ,  too .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
i got this t keep in the car for emergencies .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
i find myself using it all the time and it is a dream to clean .
that is how comfortable and light and unobtrusive this headset is !  the earbuds ,  themselves ,  are very comfortable ,  as well .
fits so well that you can t use this if you go for the extended battery cover .
i love the fact that it s nice and soft but not too soft .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
it works well and i haven t had any problems with the repairs i ve done using them .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
other than the ear hooks the motorola bluetooth is fantastic .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
unfortunately ,  i ve dropped my phone a couple of times already and so far ,  so good .
i bought it second hand to begin with .
i d say great product !   : d this does work on a num_extend num_extend as well ,  because thats what i m using .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
it s durable ,  so i know i will have it for a long time .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
it beats changing the battery on my phone .
i ve only had it for about a month ,  but it works great so far .
other than that i would recommend this product .
the outer plastic piece holds up pretty well   to my surprise  .
seems a little pricey for a spatula ,  but it does the job well .
excellent value but one stopped working within days .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
what is great is that you can use your own .
buy it if you are looking for a small pot .
i am very happy with the new blade ,  it is good and sharp and moves freely .
i got this headset when socom came out n still have it to this day .
i have used the bags and they are fine .
i like the zipper on the side for easy access .
as a side note ,  the king arthur mix is good ,  but not a strong sourdough .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
i just had a few cups of coffee ,  it does the job well .
so pretty brand new ,  but that won t last .
i got this to replace my original battery .
works great ,  i just ordered another one for pepper .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
charges phone and has nice bright green light showing when its plugged in .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
this is a better quality filter than what comes with the floormate .
i ve had other clips but none are as strong and easy to use as these .
i love my stylus there great there a little small then i expected .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
i decided to try a different brand ,  and i m really happy i did .
great case ,  battery lasts for days before i have to recharge it .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
i ve had this phone now for over a month and it s simply amazing .
to replace it ,  i found a great deal on a jabra num_extend
it will also last longer than other brands .
this pan is on its way to being my first choice for cooking .
for the price you can t beat this item .
this costs a little more than most but it is better quality by far .
clean effortlessly without more than a swish of soap and water .
it is better than my regular set of knives .
i ve been waiting for decent ,  affordable wireless earbuds for like num_num years ,  and these do not disappoint !  .
this knife is so good ,  it feels dangerous .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
good quality ,  should have bought a larger one .
i have had it over a year now .
i had to switch around between the three before i found a good fit .
perfect ,  love it !  !  yes i was skeptical about how sturdy this would be when i purchased it .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
the rechargeable battery can last long enough in one full charge .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
this is a tiny knife but it is so functional .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
the best part is it was only like $
they do not have any odor ,  a very good thing .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
i picked this item up at a local store .
what an excellent product !  i have had mine for num_num years without any problem .
the duration is not as good as the original num_extend battery but is great for the price .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
you need an adaptor with a mic that allows for quality headphones to listen to music .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
i was having pain in my coccyx and this definitely helped alleviate the pain .
i got this second one as a backup because the original is getting older .
i honestly feel like i can trust her .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
my daughter loves to watch it work ,  and so do i .
i have one of these and actually bought this for my sister because she wanted one .
i have tried steaming veggies on top of the rice ,  and that works great .
it s convenient to have that separation from the phone sometimes .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
i had to get a new blade for it ,  which was super expensive ,  but it still works great .
the amoled screen is bright and very vibrant but a little pixelated .
and here it is !  i use this for potatoes as well .
i had the cuisinart grinder before and this one is much better .
i needed a longer life battery for my droid incredible and got these because of the price .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
it seemed like a nice assortment of colors .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i m not good doing this kind of stuffs but when i put on the screen ,  it just fits perfectly .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
i truthfully haven t used it yet ,  but i feel it will be worth having .
their small ,  inexpensive and you can get them in a lot of different colors .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i only hope it holds up and i can continue to use it for years to come .
the clip works great to hold it on pants ,  belts etc .
i bought this little wonder ,  one for my niece and one for me .
recommended if you don t put them through a lot of use .
thought i ordered it for my iphone num_num but still love it .
i like using them better than the dried beans .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
they were extremely nice ,  and sent me a replacement right away .
i ordered this and sent to friends as a gift .
she is still using it and loves it .
well worth the price  even without the free shipping availability  .
this case is stylish and but not anywhere as protective as the otter box .  .  .  . great price and fast shipping also .
$ a month will keep you going for num_num days ,  and $ is good for a year .
best screen protectors i ve ever had for my num_extend and i ve stock pilled about num_num of them .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
the new one doesn t have that problem and works very well .
it is healthy and a good snack to have .
they are also quite beautiful and a little different than typical rings .
i got this to replace my original battery .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
they are smooth enough that i am not worried about scratching .
works fine ,  though i wish i had bought a larger size .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
just can t say enough nice things about it .
and it was brand new fresh off from the package it come in !  .
no guarantees this will work for everyone ,  but this worked for me .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
this bread bag works great to store my homemade bread in the freezer .
i m so glad i bought this accessory lens .
this is an excellent device but i ve had some bad luck with it .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
the battery life between recharges is estimated at around num_num hours and so far that is very accurate .
but overall i would recommend it ,  if you want a cheap but still cute case .
the internal fan is powerful ,  but it s also pretty loud .
metal would have been better ,  but it seems to be pretty durable .
my unit can make a fresh cup in about num_num minutes and the coffee tastes really good .
so far so good but it is a lot of maintenance involved .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
i give this num_num stars because it is more durable than i imagined given the price .
the num_extend one worked so well i bought another .
the best part  you won t even notice its there  .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
i own both the num_extend and the num_extend and both are great !   .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
very affordable which is perfect since i lost out the previous phone i had which was stolen .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
i hope they last a long time because it s hard to find a pair that fits me comfortably .
the num_extend set held up so well i bought a num_extend set from amazon as a back up .
excellent customer service !  my rating is now num_num stars .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
it works and that is about all i can say about it .
it seems like it might be more of a hassle to use but i found it pretty simple .
it may seem like a lot of messing around to make it work but it was worth it .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
still ,  these are minor and this device works much better than others we have had before .
by messing around i got it to work but it takes effort .
is a must for my num_num yr old daughter .
i use it almost every day and it even recovered when i overheated it .
this one allows sound to play while it s plugged in and being used .
everything works well and the only problem i had was with the headphones .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it has a little light to let me know it has power .
i have owned many toaster ovens over the years and i like this one the best .
the best part is it was only like $
i really like them !   i m sorry to read that others have not enjoyed them as much as i have .   .
i upgraded from the num_extend num_extend  also a seriously great phone  to this .
use a stone to keep the edge on it after every use .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
if you can find it for half off i would recommend it .
this corer is of great quality ,  but the handle is so bulky that it doesn t store well .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
this is a nice silicone cover ,  not cheap feeling like some other covers you find .
it works great havent had a single issue with it like my last usb that was very old .
as always i can depend on amazon to deliver a great product .
sturdy ,  sharp ,  inexpensive and they easily come apart for cleaning .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
the material and craftsmanship while poor ,  performs adequately well and is of a more than reasonable price .
this is better than cell phone extended battery .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i bought it because i needed one for my kitchen .
make your life easier and buy this thing .
much better than i d expected for the price .
gets my hands dirty but they clean up .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
picky ,  also couldn t believe how delicious it tasted .
hopefully they ll come out with more colors in the matte finish ,  as i definitely prefer that feel .
i am happy with this little cheap case .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
you can t beat it for the price ,  especially when compared to more high profile brands .
i upgraded my phone soon after and this dock is very phone specific .
the angle is good for frosting cakes left in the pan as well ,  rather than a straight butter knife .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
i liked the unit so much i ordered a second one .
i add a little stevia and fruit or other flavorings ,  stir it up and enjoy !  .
this produces coffee that is definitely different tasting than auto drip ,  but in a good way .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i wanted a basic ,  relatively inexpensive version ,  and i m happy i got this one .
being so thin it s amazing how well it handles .
makes a significant difference in the taste though it takes a couple of uses to get there .
that was my goal for cordless headphones ,  but i can t find a good pair .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
this is great for the iphone num_extend you do not put so much as a bumper on the phone .
there are plastic parts but overall ,  it feels well made ,  not cheap at all .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
once i forgot to grind it finer ,  and the result was still great .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
the sound quality is good and so is the microphone ,  though people sometimes tell me they hear background noise .
radio is easy to use ,  channels are easy to store and radio sounds good .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
i got it pretty fast in the mail .
perfect for when i occasionally run low on the phone ,  and need a charge .
it nice and small but it not to small or to big .
the design is nice ,  and i don t know why people are complaining about the design .
i received my case for my phone ,  and i am very pleased with it .
the material is fairly thin and lightweight ,  making them very easy to use .
the sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static .
regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
i ve gone through several similar chargers and this on seems to be both durable and capable .
i m not good doing this kind of stuffs but when i put on the screen ,  it just fits perfectly .
worth it for sure ,  half the price as the others available .
other then that its good for the price .
i love it . i am not sure how this new one will measure up to the older unit .
the battery life is really good and is up to num_num hours .
i am very happy with this skin !  the argile doesn t show up very well .  .  . but that was great for me .
this container is perfect for a num_num pound bag of sugar .
price point :  at $ i think it is a good num_extend
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
it still works !  i replaced this unit with the plantronics discovery num_num and i might like that even better .
i got it a week ago and i have used it twice so far .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
these are great ,  and sturdy enough for even heavy jeans .
i wish the volume could be louder at times but it does it s job .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
i will definitely buy another one when needed .
the locking mechanism is very useful so that you can truly hold it by the handle .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
but i like it well enough to keep it ,  and that says a lot .
the best and very cheap !  looks great on the phone .
it works best when there s more light reflecting on it because it makes it harder for others to see .
the screen is beautiful and bright . however i did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones .
these things are very heavy and high quality .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
it lasted about num_num month which is good for it price .
i didn t actually purchase this case for an iphone ,  but it works for what i needed .
i am happy with the purchase and would recommend these headphones .
then i found this one in num_num on amazon and ordered it .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
don t know ,  it never stays around that long . seriously ,  these little bags do a good job .
i was really pleased at how different my coffee tasted after using this grinder .
i got a set of farberware cookware as a wedding gift in num_extend
these seem to be fine for the price .
this battery doesnt last very long but its good if your in need of one .
i use an old toothbrush to clean out the crevices it works great .
this garbage can is great for smelly items .
you get what you pay for ,  served me well .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
makes a significant difference in the taste though it takes a couple of uses to get there .
i am a person that is not necessarily the gadget geek ,  but i do love new toys .
the metal is a little more thin than i imagined but it is cute .
i purchased this on the recommendation of a friend .
if you touch the around around the button on the front ,  it is warm to the touch .
the steaks came out much more tender than cooking on the stove .
i add a little stevia and fruit or other flavorings ,  stir it up and enjoy !  .
the best part is that it can be put in the dishwasher when the inevitable kitchen grease collects .
i ve dropped it a few times but the protective case did it s job .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
my battery doesn t last all that long but it is worth what i paid for it .
the sound was never quite perfect on them ,  but cutting the cord made it worthwhile .
it is easier to use than a razor blade .
if you need a simple case ,  this works great .
fits nicely on my num_extend num_extend and num_extend pots .
doesn t totally fit my num_extend perfectly but it does work .
i m no audiophile but owning several audio technicas and jvcs and kosses ,  this seems to be pretty damn good .
amazon was very good about returning the item .
this cable works great ,  even with my underpowered usb ports .
not the most durable bumper obviously but it serves its purpose .
i m glad i bought two of these ,  just in case !  .
if a larger size becomes available i would recommend it instead .
what an excellent product !  i have had mine for num_num years without any problem .
doesn t add a lot of width to the phone but still gives the phone protection .
the blade is pretty sharp and while it is mostly plastic it is pretty nice .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
read my reviews and you will see this over and over .
this is a good alternative but has its drawbacks .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
thank you for a wonderful product ! i am updating my previous review .
overall the product is a good product ,  but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies .
there are plastic parts but overall ,  it feels well made ,  not cheap at all .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
i received my motorola num_extend several weeks ago and am delighted with it .
the only thing i don t like is the fact that the printing is so small ,  otherwise it s great !  .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
after that ,  clean the screen with a good screen cleaner .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
it s also very solid ,  a heavy piece ,  it s not flimsy as i thought it may be .
i love ordering from amazon . and the coffee maker is fast and easy to use .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
this kensington  soundwave sound amplifying car mount  is a very good solution for iphone and ipod touch users .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
the corkscrew is good ,  especially for people with diminished hand strength .
num_num stars because i can t do half stars and it really is a pretty good phone overall .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
this is the first carpet cleaner i have ever owned and i am sorta happy with it .
i got this tripod to take videos with my samsung galaxy num_extend
this one looks a little different ,  but performs as well as my original .
its a little thin but i like the texture and pattern of it .
i use this for my diet shakes and it s the best .
work great and i needed a car phone charger .
i liked it the case was hard putting on .
i recently received mine and have used it two times already .
this blender works great for my average blending needs .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
such a great headset for so little money .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
if they fail i ll update my review . highly recommend !  .
go for the name brand and you can trust the quality .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
they made it so i could be heard easier in noisy environments .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
this charger works great and cost pennies compared to what it would cost at an phone store .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
we ended up putting it in for another num_num seconds and it was about perfect .
i don t know why this vacuum has gotten so many negative reviews but it s really worked great for me .
i am actually looking forward to the next time i get to clean my carpet and rugs !  .
it does get dirty rather easily as it is white ,  but is a great case .
i also like how it it can rotate num_num degrees and can move up ,  down ,  in ,  and out .
i let it blend for a long time but the best consistency it got to was a thick shake .
i opened it up and in a plastic sealed bag was a very attractive case .
i ve used this pot for about num_num months ,  and it is excellent .
bought one of these a year ago ,  and used it several times .
this is much better than the charging cable that came with my samsung captivate .
i ve applied screen protectors on many devices over the years and have to say that greatshield are my favorite .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i am pretty sure that isn t good to ingest cheap ,  but works nicely for what i want .
perfect fit and exactly what you need .  .  .  . this size is a very difficult size to find .
i will buy more from this company in the future .
works great !  it is a little smaller in size than my samsung galaxy num_num phone .
perfect ,  love it !  !  yes i was skeptical about how sturdy this would be when i purchased it .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
given the price of individual pieces ,  this set is a bargain .
i had bought this model to gift it for someone special .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
excellent value but one stopped working within days .
i m sure you can find products that work just as well for under $
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
i bought these at $ with free shipping .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i have to say i bought this due to the good reviews .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i value a knife by how much use it actually sees ,  and we use these constantly .
it is dishwasher safe ,  and it has a lifetime warranty .
i waited for this to come back in stock and so happy i did .
i now have this in my personal vehicle .
but it turns out that it s useful ,  too .
i felt the blades and they are razor sharp .
much faster and easier than using the knife or your hands to transfer chopped food .
slightly bigger than i expected ,  but worth it .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
this is simply perfect for holding my iphone and i have a place to store my keys .
having an additional battery source comes in pretty handy .
it is so nice ,  and about the cost of a good little blade grinder . i m happy with this item .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
and the price is allot better than the name brand one .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
i got this for my num_num year old .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i don t know how it s gonna turn out in the long run ,  but so far ,  so good .
i picked this item up at a local store .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
it still makes great popcorn but tends to overheat these days .
i ve had no issue with mine and have been happy to use it almost daily .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
i like them because they are sharp and not too big .
now my great review is not so amazing .
the quality and was better than i expected .
i have it connected to my phone and my laptop and it works with microsoft lync .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
they do not splinter ,  they are nice and smooth and of great quality .
but other than that ,  it does work well .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
it s definitely not a very protective case  don t drop the phone  but i love it anyway .
this one stays completely cool and i leave it plugged in all the time .
i am happy with this little cheap case .
the lid has a good weight and releases just enough steam so it does not spill .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
it is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to num_num degrees .
it does get dirty rather easily as it is white ,  but is a great case .
very handy !  i need to get myself some smaller sized ones .
the cable is also great for syncing with my pc .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
i am an audiophile and have particularly high standards as to how i listen to music .
this cord is shorter than the original cord that came with the phone ,  but it still does the job .
the product has been redesigned so it is more durable .
i sorted the appiance via customer reviews and this one caught my eye .
all of my dishes are the same brand and style ,  but in different colors .
mind you ,  i am a very gentle user .
the flashlight also is a nice feature although i wish it were brighter .
good quality product ,  but i would prefer glass instead of plastic .
it cut the ham very nice and thin slices .
that was my goal for cordless headphones ,  but i can t find a good pair .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
good price for the can ,  it was kind of small but does hold a lot .
it feels pretty comfortable because of the pixel style grip ,  and it s not too terribly slippery in hand .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
after that they worked great and lasted a year before i got a new phone .
end rant . the phone itself i think is very underrated and under priced for such a high quality product .
this is a flexible cover that has a ribbed back .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
it seems to be a little slower than my regular charger ,  but works good .
nevertheless ,  one could hear them great as well .
the material it s made of seems pretty thick and durable .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered .
it was a great toaster and if you averaged it out it cost about $ a year to own .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i am very pleasedthe previous one put the battery in sideways and only charged to %
the phone actually sits with both the power and volume buttons above the stretchy sides .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
i have a motorola num_extend that i recently ordered and these worked on it like a charm .
i love that the screen side of the phone is protected .
then i wanted it cheap but good quality .
i have since upgraded to an num_extend and have to get new cords ,  but this one worked great .
this chair is wonderful ,  easy to put together ,  the seat just fits perfectly and rocking is wonderful .
it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price .
i was also happy that i didn t have to assemble it !  well worth the money !  .
that said these may be inexpensive but the quality is there .
the price alone is a good deal compared to buying from a store .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the material is a good flexible rubber and smooth to the touch .
great product the only thing is i can t tell when you need to charge it .
i was doubtful when i looked at this online ,  but it is great .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
it s thicker than i thought it would be .  .  . and that s a good thing .
i ve been using it for several months and it s still working .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
they flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine .
i knew i needed a case for this phone and during the num_extend i found this case .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
i really enjoy its quality and the ring that it produces is delightful .
the leather wallet is a nice quality product .
it s a small inexpensive item that really does a good job frothing milk for your lattes .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
great item and i don t know why it took me so long to buy one !  .
this makes it easier to install and set up straight .
a great product !  i ordered num_num more for my friends and to have a couple of extra ones .
for the price you can t beat this item .
have had ours now for over a year .
you can feel this knife when you hold it .
i bought these as a gift for my dad .
i was worried about buying an inexpensive digitizer for my broken ipod touch num_extend but i m very pleased .
these are not quite as pretty but they do the job .
it is very sharp though and it took a little bit of the plastic of the container .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
i like the way it feels and it isn t too heavy .
still it does what it is supposed to do .
not sure if others got a bad cable but mine works great .
was expecting something crappy but happy with the results .
i really like the fact that it uses a standardmicro usb cable instead of the iphone connector .
if you want to make someone very happy ,  and make a good impression this is the gift to buy .
the cable frayed and split after a year but still work fine .
i had owned this grinder for several years ,  already ,  but they still fixed it for free .
i got this to use in my kitchen area and laundry room where we have our litter box .
a bit thin ,  not the highest grade stainless steel ,  but it does the job .
after about num_num weeks of use it s perfect .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
a very nice replacement for the orginal htc battery .
i have several of these in different sizes .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
although its not as good ,  its a lot easier to use .
these knives are very sharp and don t lose their edge easy .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
saw this product on tv ,  had doubts but tried one ,  loved it .
i got the smallest one and it s still huge .
this is a great product ,  but arrived very very very late .
i thought it was smaller than the photo led me to believe ,  but other than that ,  it was great .
perfect ,  love it !  !  yes i was skeptical about how sturdy this would be when i purchased it .
i had a slight problem with my first shipment and they were so nice and helpful .
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
needless to say ,  i m here on amazon ordering three more for them now !  !  !  great product that works wonderfully !  .
it is fairly sturdy also consider how much i have on it .
this cell phone case has to be the best protection for your i phone num_extend
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
i have a really nice knife set or i guess i should say it used to be nice .
it helps you digest your food ,  and may help lose weight as part of a calorie controlled diet .
i washed well and got the job done .
i got this to replace my old one .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
my old num_extend bought model still works well .
i replaced the original battery with this one and what a difference .
it s not a smartphone ,  but for calls ,  texts and pictures ,  it works great .
i got some bubbles ,  but it is pretty doable to put it without bubbles .
i haven t used these yet but they a good quality .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
great combo ! i also bought an adapter num_extend pin to lightning  but it did t functionnormally with a iphone num_extend
instead of being hot and stuffy ,  it s actually cool .
the weight is very reasonable ,  hardly noticeable in my backpack .
just the right amount for a num_num ounce cup of tea or for instant soups .
i got it on a sale at under ten bucks .
appears very well made and have had no problems with it .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
they end up breaking after around num_num months ,  but for $ who cares ?  great product .
much better and higher quality than the ones you ll see in stores for around the same price .
cool it was only $ i wish it was cheaper ,  but at least it works .
they re heavier than i expected and seem to be well constructed .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
i received one as a gift to use with my iphone num_extend
it can cook two chickens at a time if desired and cleanup is pretty easy .
it came when promised and it better than the picture .
i own this spoon in both slotted and solid .
my adapter is alrady in use and it met my expectation .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
i always thought my old num_num cup krups made a decent cup of coffee when using freshly ground beans .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
it s nice they can be purchased separately depending on your needs but costs start to add up quickly .
wow !  what a difference ?  recommend changing every few years ,  if used heavily .
i use this to hold up a set of knieves and tools well .
prefer this type to mix pancake batter ,  cake mixes ,  and cookies .
the case was a little loose on the top ,  but it still looks good .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
it s stretchy and soft so it stays on with out being too tight .
i took a very sharp razor and carefully cut the opening larger .
very good quality !  my only criticism ,  i wish it were taller .
it conducts heat so well that low heat is all that s needed .
it s difficult to move around becuase of it s weight ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
i had this product for over num_num years and it works fine .
i will definitely buy a new policy for the replacement phone i will be buying .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
small  size :  this is pretty small ,  but it is well made and good quality .
once it s on the ipad it fits really nice and tight all around every edge .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
i have had this grinder for num_num years and it is still going strong .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
handheld brush and regular attachment :  pro :  love the brush attachment !  it dug dog hair out of my stairs .
it is therefore essential to buy from the right source .
just the right size for num_num to num_num servings .
the color is a bit different but close enough .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
low light was a little grainy ,  but still good with the flash .
as for the instructions ,  they are sparse but it s easy to use .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
i love this !  !  i don t always have pockets or have a purse with me .
colors vary a bit from the pictures but other than that fits great and does the job .
the one i received is made in china .
i thought it was too good to be true at this price ,  but it is the real deal .
granted ,  this has limited use ,  but when you need it for small quantities ,  it s perfect .
it isn t often that i find something so inexpensive that performs to my expectations .
also good for melted chocolate and other sticky things .
i used it the same day i got it .
i do feel relief in the middle of my lower back when sitting like this .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
this charger is good enough to charge an iphone num_num about num_num times .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
it is one of the coolest toy i ve ever had .
wish the phone were more efficient ,  but it is good enough for me .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
we ve been using it for num_num months ,  and we are satisfied with it .
for the price you can t beat this item .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i loved this product  i ve upgraded to an num_extend so i can no longer use it  .
i m going to make this short and sweet .
i had one and really liked but decided to get a keurig .
it was like num_num days i think ,  but worked great on my num_extend getting it back together .
it s also good if you don t have the strongest hand grip in the world ,  too .
it is non stick and easy to clean .
it makes it easy to find my phone which is an issue for me .
i just don t like the long boom . overall ,  a great headset .
it s easy to maintain and i like that it s bagless .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i got this as an upgrade to a smart phone from a plan old phone .
coupled with the nose canceling earbuds and it makes for a good listening experience .
the price of this product is a little high ,  but reasonable .
what can i say ?  good filters at a low price .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
while it is not a cusinart ,  it s is also half the price and gets the job done .
nice charger ,  does the job without using your phone s usb port .
but she likes it and that s what counts !  .
it s also quite loud ,  and very useful as a timer as well .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
but it is hard to take in and out of your pocket as well as keeping it clean .
i am no snickering audiophile ,  but the sound is pretty good to me .
exactly what i wanted ,  with the exception of the size .
good pricing ,  i got num_num of these ,  they look good ,  no scratches ,  everything like it should be . buy this one .
for the money it does what i want and i would buy it again .
this is a light but well made funnel .
i like it but its not the best !  .
this is one of the best purchases i ve made through amazon .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
and i found this on amazon !  before purchasing ,  i did some research to make sure .
perfect for the quick charge of your phone when there aren t anyoutlets or usb plugs around .
i didn t pay but a couple of dollars and it got me through .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i felt much better after the first night s sleep .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
the mic is pretty good but the other party can tell you are on a speaker phone .
i ordered it considering the fact that it is handy and small .
i previously owned an num_extend and was impressed with the quality for the price .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
but these i bought today ,  they are still a keeper .
the sound is good and not so loud that it will bust your eardrums .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
this is a great item for removing the white papery stuff off garlic cloves .
overall ,  i would rate this num_num stars and recommend the product .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
for that peace of mind alone i give it num_num stars .
this however ,  is perfect for just a few cups .
but it sturdy enough so that you won t worry about accidentally tipping it over .
it was a good buy for use in my jeep .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i have been with tracfone for around num_num years now and have loved the phones they have put out .
not to mention it is reasonably priced ,  especially with amazon prime .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
for the price i paid its worth the money .
i paid $ for this puppy and i really like the weight and feel .
i paid under $ for this knife and it is well worth it .
i am able to hear sound and use the microphone .
they were extremely nice ,  and sent me a replacement right away .
therefore ,  the battery status indicator isn t the most reliable . overall ,  this portable battery pack is excellent .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it s kinda a pain to clean ,  but it s worth it .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
after persevering for a while i have perfected the installation of this .
the sound quality on these is much better than my samsung wired ear buds .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
i also purchased the seidio holster which provides great screen protection and attaches nicely to your belt .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
compared to commercial ice cream ,  it s lighter ,  has a much fuller and richer taste ,  and is much healthier .
nice stone !  i enjoy making pizza and calzones and this stone is perfect .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
i tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great .
it has a nice feel to it  not sticky or rubbery  .
i have yet to find one that has that type of suction .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
i got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
this definately comes in handy when your not at home and your phone it dying .
unfortunately ,  this can cool the tea more than one would like .
this works so much better and i noticed the difference in the taste right away .
it fits nicely in my dishwasher and i had no problem with residue at all .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
lastly ,  i do enjoy the option to charge usb devices ,  even though it drastically slows the charging process .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
the tapered sides are a problem for me ,  but i like the robustness and comfortable grips .
it really is cute but it dont recommend for a long time use .
this isn t a problem ,  but just worth noting .
doesn t offer a charcoal grill flavor ,  but really ,  quite excellent .
my wife and i both got these num_extend phones ,  and we love them .
made for the iphone num_num  not num_extend but it works on my num_extend just fine .
perfect for my brother to go with his new coffee maker i purchasedhere on amazon for my brother .
it also has covers for the headphone input as well as the cable input .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
camera is vga but quality is surprisingly pretty decent and useable for situations where you need it .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it is very handy being that i have no drawers in the bathroom .
this is a nice product ,  though i find it to be rather inefficient in popping all kernals .
you will be pleased . got mine from amazon .  .  . no tax and free shipping .
i found a different lid for it that will tighten .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
bought it for my son s sprint samsung epic .
these are very sharp and can cut through most food items you want .
this one cost a bit more ,  but still a good deal .
it arrived earlier than expected ,  and in great shape .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
it s very light and sometimes i forget that i m wearing it .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
my battery used to always die on me so upgrading to the extended battery was great .
were small durable easy to keep in small kitchen .
this knife is a must have for your kitchen .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
i have had a few plastic measuring cups snap at the handle until i found this one .
when the battery hit % i charged it again . best $ i ever spent .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
the num_num cup seems to work well for a single cup .
works well on veggies ,  haven t tried it on fish .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
i was skeptical when i bought this but after using it a few times it does seem to work .
it allows me to listen to the radio without wires as well as answer and make phone calls .
i have yet to be able to find it naturally .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i do prefer the rubberized over the metallic because it has more of a grip .
after that ,  it loses signal . all in all ,  i would definitely recommend this bluetooth headset .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
i purchased this as a gift for a friend .
it s a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
it s plastic and just slides together .  .  . very simple ,  and again ,  serves it s purpose .
i am very glad that i purchased this extension hose with my new vacuum .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i really enjoy this knife although i ve gotten some pretty bad cuts .
it has great price ,  rather than $ for one little piece of plastic .
i was able to workout on the treadmill without having to interrupt my pace to adjust them .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it s great that it doesn t go all the way to the edge of the glass .
i put the coffeemaker flavor feature almost in the middle  a little more to the robust side  .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
i was surprised that the homemade stuff cooked so quickly to a perfect al dente consistency .
it is a good thing i bought it because i accidentally dropped my phone .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it was a great price and we needed a new waffle iron .
will give more update as the time goes .
i m a huge cell phone fan and i tend to try out the latest and greatest .
and the whistle doesn t break your eardrum !  a very nice kettle .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
it s got a nice grippy texture without being overly rubbery .
my son got this as a gift for his iphone num_extend
it does better than the regular blade for this use .
i just wish i would have got this sooner !  an excellent product .
great if you keep it in your purse instead of jeans !  .
colors vary a bit from the pictures but other than that fits great and does the job .
i replaced the original battery with this one and what a difference .
price is fair for a bamboo cutting board .
but its still better than my original battery .
this think cleans up in less than a minutes .
after researching and reading reviews ,  we chose this one ,  and we re very pleased .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
other than the slightly large size and look of it ,  its a great headset !  .
the good news is that it really was easy to take this thing apart and replace the belt .
these gloves provide the protection that is needed .
it is just the perfect size when your standard num_num to num_num quart is too big .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
i used this constantly for several weeks and i really like it .
i ve had this blender for years and it still works .
then i wanted it cheap but good quality .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
the battery life is now reasonable though it does add to the size of the phone .
first one they send was wrong ,  got another package today and the right ones are there .
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
the blade has a wonderful combination of flexibility and rigidity .
it moves a lot of air even on the lowest setting and is fairly quiet .
it is hard to align the battery to the charger ,  but it is useful .
i find that it keeps the coffee hot without getting that burnt taste .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i like to use a mouse so the usb adaptor is very handy .
but for what is advertised ,  it is a good product .
this item is available from several different sellers .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
if it weren t for that plastic gear ,  i would find this item perfect .
the size is good to slip into his pants pocket .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i use it to make fresh custom salad dressing .
the cord is a little short but this thing definitely does the job .
the tiers are adjustable to fit different kinds of shoes .
wow !  i have owned several bluetooth stereo headphones over the years .
i bought it in a local gourmet shop .
design is neat and functional ,  but not extremely durable .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the coffee stays hot for hours and hours .
in fact ,  it s the best headset i ve found for the treo  tried plantronics and motorola previously without success  .
it s very cute ,  but it didn t last but a few months .
better price here than in other sites i have checked .
headset is nice compact and fairly strong but ear pieces dont hug the head well .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
it won t last as long as a seidio ,  but for the price ,  it is a great battery .
the dust cup is of a pretty good size .
it is much better than the other brand .
it is noisy ,  but sometimes the noise is a good thing !  !  i love it !  !  .
waffles are baked to perfection . the one drawback is that the exterior gets really hot ,  handles included .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i also received it much sooner than was expected .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
helped me to use my phone and my kindle my fingers to large for both devices .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
it was relatively cheap but looks very nice .
it may be a little short but it is worth it .
they are comfortable and don t feel like plastic and are not stiff .
for the price ,  they are a pretty good value .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
i am very happy with this purchase ,  and it arrived on time .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
this is a product that works just as advertised .
i like to change my screen covers a lot .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
i got these bowls to cut down on serving sizes while dieting .
it is a little strange taking phone calls in stereo ,  but it works fine .
i found this online when i was looking for accessories for my cellphone .
and for the price that you get it at .
it also comes with an extra adapter for the plug .
for household cleaning ,  this unit did an impressive job and left most everything noticeably cleaner .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
it has to be good on floor and carpet .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
it s just the material that gives you that soft feeling that attracts stains .
looks nice though !  it was a bit tough to get situated with my screen protector on .
well worth the few bucks you pay for it .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
i liked the juice i got from this .
exactly what i wanted ,  with the exception of the size .
got these for my cat to eat from .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
it takes a few charges to get the full charge so worth the price .
it also came with an extra screen protector .
did offer good protection also as it wasnt flimsy or cheap feeling .
made as well as what you find buying in verizon store .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
most of the pulp makes its way into the juice which is good .
i also use it when i m barbecuing and it s great .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
have used it a couple times makes great waffles .
i have small ears and these stay put very nicely .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
it s a little big for cereal  maybe not for some people  ,  but it s great for chili and soup .
perfect to have in florida !  !  !  my only disappointment is that the buttons are a little awkward to use .
it s pretty easy to take on and off .
i use a microfiber cloth to wipe it off periodically and that takes care of it .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
especially cool is you can disconnect the usb cable and use it on your laptop or home charger .
the quality and was better than i expected .
this is a great headset but i switched to the motorola num_extend for several reasons .
i have had it about num_num months and it works great .
i had purchased an oxo plastic mug of the same design and liked it .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
connected my old classic ipod to my num_extend  on idrive  and this adapter worked like a charm .
the laser and light also come in handy when something may arise .
we tried two other brands ,  but finally got something that had the power to do the job !  !  .
the instructions recommend washing the frother by turning it on in a bowl of hot sudsy water .
a huge difference over my num_num year old sunbeam .
it s made in china ,  so i ll see how well it holds up .
:   looking forward to do some zucchini noodles with it !  .
perfect replacement for my old cable to wore out .
pretty sure they all will do the same job .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
the bass isn t as strong as i d like ,  but it does produce a nice overall and clear sound .
otherwise ,  this product is excellent and i ve had no problems with it at all .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
it makes excellent coffee quickly and then shuts itself off shortly after the brewing cycle is over .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
nice case but can t use therefore i got a new phone right .
it is durable which is always a problem with scoops .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
i have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets ,  so maybe these are really worth the extra .
there are plastic parts but overall ,  it feels well made ,  not cheap at all .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i m still using mine and it still works fine .
it s really hard to describe how good it sounds .
i bought several cases for my htc evo before i found this one .
better than the one that came with my phone .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
i was amazed at how fast it did the job .
it is built very sturdy thick plastic with a matte finish . it can be mounted both reg and upside down .
not cool !  !  !  i bought the phone for that !  the phone is great and flawless otherwise .
i carry my phone in my pocket and this case keeps the in and out action smooth .
it does make really good popcorn just treat it gently .
we used ,  frankly ,  a pretty cheap piece of meat but it came out tasting fantastic .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
the first one i loved it ,  but my dog chewed it .
also okay for sugar and flour ,  but it s the liquids that they shine at .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
there are definitely cheaper ones out there ,  but this one is amazing .
i had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago ,  got this one ,  it works good .
these are exactly like the ones i got with the main unit .
i m not too happy about the price but luckily it works awesomely well .
i ve only used a couple of times ,  but so far ,  so good .
it s nice that almost a year later there are no issues with this machine .
this is a quality product i have not seen in market for a while .
these seem to be fine for the price .
i just use it on the fine setting and the results are nice and powdery .
i got the case in a retail otterbox package with papers included .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
as one of the other reviewers pointed out ,  the battery life is very good .
this is quite a bit heavier than i expected  good  .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
this stand was well worth the less than two dollars i paid for it .
this makes the best hot dogs if you aren t cooking on the grill .
when it arrived i thought it would be too big but it fit perfectly .
definetly worth more than i purchased it for .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
it works well so far for it s intended purpose . i bought this because it looked small ,  and boy it is .
i just used and got an extension cord for more length .
i normally only post reviews when a product is great or horrible; this product is great .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
this is much better than my older oven thermometer .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
they are sturdy and have a sharp edge to them .
this knife does the job for me and was inexpensive .
plus it s portable so you can move it between different cars if the need arises .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
neat little item but it has a few quirks .
some stencils seem to work better than others .
the sound !  wow !  i was amazed by the quality ofthe sound .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
i use it heavily for work and even so the battery charge is good for num_num or num_num days .
overall ,  i would say they are a good value at $
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
good ventilation is key or you need to use this outside .
the price is reasonable for what you re getting .
the best thing about these headphones are they fit my head .
but cheap is as cheap does and it does good enough .
i love the feature that lets me know that the battery is low .
other than that ,  the case itself is pretty good .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
i like its size ,  fits on my pants  pocket .
it is thick enough where you know it will last .
clean your filter in vinger and warm water once every two weeks and it will last a while .
it s good to use when you get a difficult can to open .
and also the design of it makes it look like it s just a part of the phone .
just make sure to test it extensively and exchange it till you get a good one . enjoy !  .
nice size for one or two pieces of pizza .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
because of the slight bend in the shape it is usable as a spatula .
i ve bought two of these in the last couple of years .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
very few kernels unpopped and popcorn tastes great .
this is a great alternative when my charging port was broken on my evo num_extend
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i figured this to be true of this product as well .
the best part is that the battery does not need an extra back cover .
i can t believe it !  one of the nicest features is noise level .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i am one of those people who ,  when i find something that works ,  i buy a bunch of them .
i paid a lot and i got a lot with this one .
i ve had this for quite some time and use it often .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
this pan forms a beautiful cake and so far i have not had a problem with the cakes sticking .
i will see how the battery goes . very impressive .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
the nicest thing is it came with a nice little filter .
as long as you don t need num_extend this is a great phone .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
i still think it works pretty good but would rather give it num_num stars .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
wifi option is great for hotspots and at home with a wireless router ,  esp .
the handles are sturdy ,  have nice rubber grips and clear num_extend
if you choose to leave it on ,  the noise is fairly low and actually kind of pleasant .
as you might guess ,  i buy a lot of stuff through amazon !  very convenient .
this is a great knife and you cannot beat it for the price .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
it has stood up well to ,  hmm ,  let s say inconsistent maintenance .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
you have to insert them well into your ear .
you can t can on this type of stove !  i found this out after several tries .
i bought this one because i like the blue color .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
good price for the can ,  it was kind of small but does hold a lot .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
choose this one and you won t be disappointed .
i will definately purchase more in the future .
i also got this steel to sharpen my other knives .
very nice product ,  i only received it yesterday and have not had a chance to use it .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
well built ! i have not used this item yet ,  but it is heavy and well built .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
a good precaution is one of these angled connectors .
its good for korean style short grain rice which is really sticky .
the car charger seems to work okay ,  so i m good with that too .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
i purchased red ,  and it is an extremely nice shade ,  deep and rich .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
got this to go in my euro cuisine yogurt maker .
my cough has subsided and i feel i can breathe much more easily .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
this is great for the iphone num_extend you do not put so much as a bumper on the phone .
they are smooth enough that i am not worried about scratching .
its also good for picking up cardboard ,  larger debris ,  prior to using your bagless vacuum .
i hang it in my closet ,  and it s been helping to keep things organized .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
i sent an email for a replacement and i got it the next day !  way to go amazon .
i got this to replace my old one .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
the case does not provide protection to the screen ,  but does look very nice .
it is a small unobtrusive ear piece with very good clarity .
it s very quiet other than the inevitable white noise of the fan blades pushing the air .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i think there are very few covers that protect the iphone as well as look good .
the price on this kit is good compared to others .
otherwise ,  other than the fact that it s not num_extend it s great .
wonderful product !  another one i wish i could give num_num starts to !  .
it does get hot so hold it my the top when you take it out of the microwave .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
what a difference !  i wish i had found this sooner .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i didn t treat this little pot particularly well ,  and boiled it dry more than once ,  but always worked great .
i used them for the first time this morning and am thrilled with the result .
i recommend this ,  unless you can find a comparable product for cheaper .
mine was shipped by less is more ,  great price fantastic service ,  had it before the phone .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
to my surprise ,  when charged with hot water first ,  it held hot and fresh for a long time .
i bought this as a gift for my husband .
i will keep working with it as the idea behind it is sound .
i will follow up in a couple of months to see if it still holds up .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
it will protect from scratches and it compliments the apple iconic style .
and it has enough juice to charge the one x fully .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i have used it num_num times and so far so good .
the control buttons are a bit small ,  but overall a good tool .
it actually fits pretty good ,  the headphone jack plug that seals it does not fit very well .
for the price this is an excellent alternative to buying oem battery .
i don t know how loud other products are ,  but this one is reasonably quiet .
the size was a little smaller than what i expected but it works .
you see i ordered lots of filters as well .
i thought it was too good to be true at this price ,  but it is the real deal .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was ,  but worked like a charm .
the box is a bit big but it hooks to your belt or pocket .
its not the smallest charger but still light and does the work of several .
but i rather liked the taste and intensity .
lives up to the advertisement and all the hype they say .
i got it on a black friday sale for a great deal too .
they re quality and i d buy a set of num_extend
some of the reviews made me nervous but it has met or exceeded my expectations .
very cheap ,  and good quality for the money .
it s a nice little fan but i think i should have gotten a more powerful one .
ive only used it once  just got it last week  but so far so good .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
not a problem here !  good value ,  good product .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
and was a good price . i d buy another one if i needed one .
then chances are that this charger will work for you .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i didn t realize when i ordered it that the shape was quite different ,  but it was a pleasant surprise .
not with the presto ,  i made a few batches about num_num minutes apart and they came out perfect .
although this isn t the same as a high end speaker ,  it does have great sound .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
i am satisfied with this less expensive earbuds .
she has had it for about num_num month now and works as good as one would expect .
purchased this to keep my coffee pot hot .
not as space efficient as others options probobly are but the size ws just right for me .
the canister is on the small side ,  but it does the job .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i saw this one on sale and the features listed in the product details caught my interest .
i ordered this and it arrived in a few days .
i always prefer this type of coffee maker rather than the electric ones .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
not to happy about that but it s too late i really love this phone .
iphones glass is fragile and this is the best way to get it done .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
in sunlight it is possible to shoot quality num_extend images and num_extend video .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
overall good quality ,  just a little to hard to get around with the buttons for me .
yes i shelled out bucks but i got a great deal on another site .
good buy ! those who had trouble with it didn t put it together correctly .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
i recommend replacing this when you purchase this maker new . purchased this back in august num_extend
this is a nice silicone cover ,  not cheap feeling like some other covers you find .
perhaps i have misshapen ears . audio :  the sound is fantastic .
i got a couple of these adapters when i switched to an htc evo and they work great .
they are sturdy and strong but can be a little difficult in putting together .
i recommend this to anyone looking for a mini to micro usb adapter .
the case fits all the ports perfectly ,  but the volume buttons are a little harder to use .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
love it and it s much cheaper than pampered chef ,  who ,  i believe sells it for over $
the cord is short ,  as others have mentioned ,  but an extension cord is an easy fix .
i have been using this spry bottle for num_num months now and so far its good .
this is a must if like me you dislike using those bluetooth earpieces .
so for the final price of $ i have a mixer that looks and performs as a new one .
this product def worth the $ i paid for it .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i was able to charge my phone even though the power was out .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
it is so powerful and although it is a little loud i am proud of my blender .
its inexpensive and it protects this phone which was the major reason for the purchase .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
the num_extend is a solid external battery that you can charge from a usb port .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
and to top it off it comes with a holster .
the sound quality has either improved or it has grown on me .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it really does chill a bottle well and keeps it cool .
they re also sturdy and comfortable ,  the plastic handle doesn t slip or slide .
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
got them to replace a rusty old metal pair ,  and now want to buy two more !  .
it s so quiet you can t even tell if it s on .
so i got these to soak my foods in .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
got them to replace a rusty old metal pair ,  and now want to buy two more !  .
i bought these for my wifes phone and they acutally are great screen protectors .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
i recommend it for iphone num_num or num_extend
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
the fit is good ,  though i m not used to a bluetooth headset going in your ear .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
the phone is not only unique but quite useful .
while not entirely smokeless ,  i think the smokiness that is delivered enhances the flavor of the items grilled .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
i love this otterbox it is sturdy and i love the color .
i would recommend to anyone looking for a grinder .
my wife and i find this extremely useful for making calls while in the car .
you will need some very hot water and a brush of some sort to really clean it well .
its good for korean style short grain rice which is really sticky .
this is the third one i have tried ,  and by far the best .
these bags are better quality than the longer ones i purchased from a different source .
great for gravy ,  for instance ,  among many other foods .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
as expected ,  completely !  took a while to get ,  but worth the wait .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
make sure you have good pot holders , this beast gets and stays hot .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
this is a quality product at a cheap price .
would recommend i used this for an iphone .
amazingly ,  it too is made in china what a surprise  .
i bought this product some years back ,  but never used it until recently ,  and it works great .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
the price is reasonable for what you re getting .
i ve more done seeds like fennel and cumin and it works great when properly used .
filter is easy to clean and i use an old toothbrush to dust it off as well .
having wasted my money on num_num previous pieces of junk ,  i am very impressed with this lux product .
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
i liked this item ,  although it is quite larger than i thought .
i m a pretty big coffee snob ,  but for the price ,  this is a great machine .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
clean up after cool down is easy as the surface just wipes clean .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
this one is very large and holds a ton of stuff .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i think it is worth the money based on the ease of use compared to blade grinder .
this screen protector adds a nice amount of privacy to your phone .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
the case itself is very good ,  although after use the plastic turns yellowish .
with shipping ,  it is now more than twice the price .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
worked perfectly on both phones i tried it on .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
a good friend gave me one of these as a gift in the num_extend
it is actually darker and then lighter depending on the light .
not heavy on bass but accurate . go get a pair !  .
i had been mixing in other yogurt ,  but starting with fresh cultures each time is more dependable .
it works well ,  but as all grinders ,  it is loud .
i purchased this as a gift for someone .
it works for downloading pics as well as charging your phone .
as usual ,  i am glad for the insightful user reviews one finds on amazon !  .
it works great with my iphone num_extend it is somewhat cheaply made .
i like to grind my own coffee and make it with this press .
i ve had a set of these for about num_num years now and they still look like new .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it has a lifetime warranty and they take care of you when you contact them for a replacement .
i thought it would be unbearable ,  hanging out your ear like it does ,  but it does pretty well .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i purchased these items for my daughter and they work like a charm .
is good if you want a low calorie snack .
some folks like it but my eyes are sensitive to light at night but i still use it .
i bought this and the magpul case at the same time .
this is the best headset i have used ,  though i m not a headset person .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
this one did work fine to protect the phone .
i reccomend it as a healthy alternative to standard microwave popcorn .
i found this set a good value so i purchased it .
but other than that my hubby liked it !  !  .
it reaches a reading within num_num seconds or so ,  and is accurate over a great temperature range .
i would recommend using it especailly for the price .
it probably doesn t perform any better than other brands ,  but does look nice though .
i needed something that controls work with my galaxy num_extend had good sound ,  and good cable management .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
so this works better than the plastic one i had .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the sound quality is good for the price ,  but not audiophile quality .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
the best part is that it s inexpensive ,  small ,  quiet and very easy to clean .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
my original charger broke so this was a perfect replacement .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
great product the only thing is i can t tell when you need to charge it .
the blades are easily removable ,  and you can clean it easily .
over all it s pretty good but i might try another unit next time .
other than that it is a good product .
got this to replace my worn out model .
seems to stick a little bit when i scoop my cookies but it does feel pretty well made .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i like to use a mouse so the usb adaptor is very handy .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
wide enough for my big self to stand securely  this is nicely wide  ,  num_extend
actually i thought it would be bigger but the size is still good just wish they made bigger ones .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
my food comes out tasty ,  tender and delicious .
i tried the hairspray and it worked just great .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
so far is has held up being used at least once a week .
nothing out of the ordinary and it does the job .
the tea tastes better than tea made the conventional way .
it s lasted a good long while for me as well .
these work on both my new ipad and our iphones .
i simply picked it up right off the mat .
i would recommend it to anyone that needs a little more juice throughout their day .
overall good quality ,  just a little to hard to get around with the buttons for me .
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
i was super happy i received a new battery because my previous battery life wasn t cutting it for me .
it was in the original packaging then put inside a larger plain box stuff with crumpled paper ,  .  .  .  . packaged very well .
i sorted the appiance via customer reviews and this one caught my eye .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
you have to add a lot of fruit to get a decent amount of juice .
it worked fine for just over a year .
you need an adaptor with a mic that allows for quality headphones to listen to music .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
it is actually darker and then lighter depending on the light .
i like the fact that i don t need a filter .
it s smooth and creamy and sweet ,  it s almost like creme freche .
for this price it is worth it to me .
so this device allows me to connect in for both voice and data .
it was a good purchase . i had put off getting one of these for two reasons .
i was also surprised to see a usb port ,  giving you the capability to charge off pc s and such .
comes in very handy to not have another cheap usb adapter piece that can break .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
got what i wanted since i needed an oem charger to sell my phone with .
the phone feels heavy in a high quality way .
i got this for my num_num year old .
these are very small and cute for a little cookie .
it took me a while to figure everything out but it was worthy .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
the fan is fairly quiet even on the high setting .
so i took it and it was so easy ,  moveable and adjustable .
this is heavy duty and does the job well .
it is a good product but nothing like this one .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
it also took an edge well the one time i sharpened it since buying the first one months ago .
i have never used one ,  tried it out and it is wonderful .
this was perfect for when my phones charging port crapped out on me .
they re not the best speakers in the world ,  but they re awesome for $
they look very sturdy and are quite heavy .
my phone actually didn t come with one of these ,  but it works great with it .
i just keep my phone hooked up to it and keep it charged .
the unit has worked just fine and i have no complaints .
they fit perfect and cover almost all of the screen .
i may buy a second one for home use !  !  .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this is a well made pan that i have no issues with .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
instructional cd is a great help for some of the trickier features .
the num_extend fits well ,  in part because it is so very small and light .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
i ve owned this cast iron skillet going on num_num years now and it s just great .
very fast processor and with a num_num g sd card probably faster .
the spoon spatula makes a great tool for stirring and scraping ,  even tasting .
and add salt of course if you like .   it s great for healthy snacks .
great price too . now ,  i just need a new coffee maker .
i needed an extra charger for work and this one does the job .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the num_extend set held up so well i bought a num_extend set from amazon as a back up .
so many to choose from ,  so i went with the first good review found here on amazon .
great and bulky which is what i wanted .
an aspect i like is that it is heavy .
for this price ,  it is hard to beat .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
the salt acts as an abrasive and works pretty well .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
i spent a bit more on the razr ,  but it was reasonable .
this case has it s own built in battery .
good deal for the price i payed for it .
it really helps slicing bread ,  just make sure you get a very long bread knife .
found this ,  and it even has a handle ,  which my original didn t have .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
i got this to replace my original battery .
this works great on a laptop ,  but not so great on a desktop .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
i used it to bake bread and liked it .
the num_extend headset is an excellent headset ,  and the best of its kind that i ve used .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i have had them for some time now and use them often .
i bought it to grind herbs to a powder so i can capsulate them ,  this does the job .
i wash them by hand ,  don t own a dishwasher ,  so that may help but they re still perfectly straight .
it took me a while to figure everything out but it was worthy .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
just dont drop it on your foot;  recommend .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
i thought this was going to be a cheap piece of junk ,  but it is actually nice .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
however ,  this is an excellent product . the one negative is that it is a bit loud .
first one they send was wrong ,  got another package today and the right ones are there .
i have gotten a couple of these as oem versions for pretty cheap ,  and i really like this product .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i have it connected to my phone and my laptop and it works with microsoft lync .
such a great product i bought two !  !  one for my bike and one for a friend .
so nice !  !  ! and the sound is not too loud .
this fm transmitter does what it s supposed to do .
recommend as a cheap and good quality product .
it is slightly smaller than i had hoped ,  but it turns out to be a convenient size .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
it s actually nice that it isn t thick because then it would be more difficult to operate a touch screen .
i tried it on and it felt really good .
this knife has held up well and i use it as often as my much more expensive wusthof santuko .
now my great review is not so amazing .
i am really glad i gave it a try .
water wouldn t pour with much pressure ,  which i found odd ,  but i found a fix .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i got them for my iphone num_extend model .
unfortunately ,  i ve dropped my phone a couple of times already and so far ,  so good .
i never fully realized how much i could enjoy different juices until i got this .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
also has a magnetic flap which is a plus since velcro will loosen after a while .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
holds up well but i always hand wash mine .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
i was also able to listen to audio on my iphone through the speakers .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i bought a pack of three and got it as described .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
the coffee came out nice and hot and remained hot even after we poured in lots of creamer .
i did a great amount of research before purchasing this unit .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
this samsung replacement usb cable isn t the best you can buy ,  but it does do the job .
the price was so reasonable ,  i purchased two .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
it took me a while to figure everything out but it was worthy .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
i love it that i don t have to worry about scratching the phone up ,  also .
i love the color have not been able to use yet because phone was not working .
i applied this to a brand new ,  fresh out of the box phone .
very good product wish it didnt cost so much .
i will buy these again when i need it .
he loves it !  and my husband is not easily pleased with anything .
bought this for my little brother and it lasted him a month .
i ordered the wrong size ,  but it turned out just fine .
so he got me this as a replacement .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
i got it on a sale at under ten bucks .
i have several and use them all the time .
these are really good screen protectors they come with num_num front screen protectors and num_num back screen protectors .
it seems to work fine and my chicken had a wonderful flavor in a short time .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
other than that ,  i feel this is a nice product for the price .
this spatula is really nice ,  but a little smaller in length than my other ones .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it worked really good for a long time .
got this to replace my worn out model .
you may pay a little extra for usa but it s well worth it .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
don t really use this ,  but thought i would ,  but they seem to be very handy and good quality .
i am satisfied with it and would have given it five stars if the power was better .
i bought this and used it twice now .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
great product i have ordered few because i keep break mine or just losing them all together .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
bought for a gift and it is better than mine .
i considered not using one until i found this one .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
just the right size for num_num to num_num servings .
this one is very large and holds a ton of stuff .
when i first opened the mountek package ,  i was surprised at the quality .
i got it free with another product i bought .
now my great review is not so amazing .
small enough to carry it in your pocket if you need to .
comes with a neat cloth bag to put it in .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
im happy to say that the smell has gone completely .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
it is noisy ,  but sometimes the noise is a good thing !  !  i love it !  !  .
i do prefer the rubberized over the metallic because it has more of a grip .
i will keep buying more of this brand .
i bought two of these for my new office .
i was recommend this product cause its great .
i have been using this knife for num_num months and i am really pleased with it .
i got this to replace my original battery .
it s great to have these replacement filters available .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
it is good and can charge the phone from % to most than %
i wound up wasting num_num out of num_extend but once i got it placed it worked great .
i bought it for pet issues ,  and it takes care of fresh and not so fresh spots .
i bought it for my grand daughter as a birthday gift .
worth it for sure ,  half the price as the others available .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
it clicks when you plug it in and the light comes on when plugged in .
i ve only used this once to date and so far so good .
a lot of case will make the phone bigger than what it is .
it s true that it can be messy ,  but what grinder isn t ?  at least it s easy to clean .
i was so happy when i received these .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
a little thin for some people but just right for me .
i have had this on my phone for almost year and half and it still looks new .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
i ve had mine for two years and have done nothing but rinse and fill and it still works wonderfully .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
this has been working great for a year now .
for $ they have a cheap plasticy feeling but they re comfortable enough for me especially for the price .
i have been using this product for the past num_num years ,  and it is an amazing quality item .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
other than that though ,  it s an excellent buy for the price ,  and my tea has never been better .
i have limited counter space and cabinet space ,  so this was a wonderful solution .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
there is a built in headphone jack that works great with my sony earbuds .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
the flavor was stronger than my roasts usually have .
i needed a stronger charge for that but this is still great for both iphoe and ipod together .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i like having it as an option for wireless sound .
good buy !   i have no connection to the company ,  and i d tell you if it was a pos .   .
i ve ordered a new one just like it .
will buy another one if i have to .
not very often a product that is this good can be found anymore .
it makes a good cup of coffee regardless of the brand you use .
i needed an extra charger for work and this one does the job .
other than that ,  i would definitely recommend the device .
personally ,  i thought it was delicious ,  but i like to taste flavor not just guzzle the stuff .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
needed a replacement for my ancient electric sharpener ,  and this is perfect and easy to use .
this is an expensive product but well worth price tag for cooks that what even heating .
these work great in a standard size muffin tin .
this set is working fine for my wife s droid incredible num_extend
this headset is pretty good at dimming the din and making the conversation almost bearable .
but i stick with what works for me .
great product have being using it for more than a year ,  .
the system works great and does an excellent job .
it most definitely will protect your iphone ,  but it sure takes away from the beauty of it s slim design .
it comes with an extra ear hook and earbuds .
but i like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers .
my only complaint is the cord is a bit short ,  but otherwise it s a good product .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
i decided to try something different and bought this .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
a few strokes and the blade is sharp .
i also like that it gives me a few chargers and i don t have to recharge it everyday .
overall good product but its something to get use to .
these work well for your kitchen pots and pans that do not have an insulating handle .
i bought this based on my friend s raving reviews about it .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
this is a decent phone case for the price ,  i didnt expect high quality for such a cheap price .
hey feels great and are anti finger print but they do get scratches if they r deep enough .
will buy another one if i have to .
it is very good quality and the wires are flimsy so they allow for easy movement .
i got this to replace my original battery .
i love the feature that lets me know that the battery is low .
it cleans up fairly well but takes a bit of scrubbing .
the blade is pretty sharp and while it is mostly plastic it is pretty nice .
i got this product to replace my motorola bluetooth headphones .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
the blade is thin and light weight but still feels durable .
i find that the flavor of the coffee seems to be much smoother than drip .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
i ordered several packs to stock up ,  but i will definitely buy them again when i need more .
it works great !  i have a cell phone ,  no land line .
volume buttons are a little harder to press but it s fine .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i read all the other reviews and pretty much agree .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
i searched amazon products and found this great spoon .
the spoon is sturdy and feels like it can take some abuse .
i don t know why this is so hard to find ,  but it s worth searching for .
they aren t flannel ,  but wow are they nice .
it seems a bit flimsy ,  but once mounted it is relatively solid .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
it would be nice to have a larger size in this set .
i wish i could find a can opener that worked as well as this .
i have a usb hub ,  so this works out well for me .
i like the fact that it s not bulky .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
great because it is small ,  lightweight and simple .
they are not great ,  but based a very good value for the money .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
i have to vacuum every other day and this thing makes it a breeze .
i ve had it now for num_num days and it is great .
i also recommend buying a small brush to help get the grounds out of the grinder .
it is undamaged and should work well when i need it .
my son uses this case and it has protected his htc phone great .
a great little product !  the only drawback is that i prefer a pot with a removable lid .
the covers work great for the phone and keep it very protected .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i used this for the first time today and found it very functional ,  although a little loose fitting .
i recommend this product it beats chopping foods by hand .
i have used it a few times and it seems to do what it is designed to do .
i aired them out in front of a fan for a couple of days and it got better .
i ve had this coffeemaker a little less than four years and it s been great with very few exceptions .
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great .
buy one of these and do your own .
i have cats and it s great for getting up shed hair ,  it s fantastic for crumbs and larger particles .
i hang it in my closet ,  and it s been helping to keep things organized .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i have one and purchased for a friend .
probably not good for people with young children; but otherwise they are great .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
the solar is great ,  i just keep it on my visor at all times .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
excellent product . i just wish it had a lid .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
i just received these for christmas and i couldn t be happier .
it is a pretty pink and i like that it has glitter under the rhinestones .
for the money this is a great product .
it s hard to identify all of the ways in which this works so well .
it fits in my drawer with room to spare to the side .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
it also has a place to hang it from a lanyard ,  too .
i purchased this item due to the good reviews .
it doesn t puree the drink as much as i would like but i still recommend it .
yes ,  this is a shockingly loud appliance for its size ,  but it works so well .
its taste good and its good for you .
the next time i lowered the temperature after the first hour to num_num and it was perfect .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
my phone fell like twice and that was it but it s a real nice cover .
it s a little slow getting warmed up ,  but quite durable .
it does sort of look inexpensive and it is really small .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
the price is a little much but i guess it s worth it .
got this for my girlfriend as a present .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
i knew this bumper wouldn t protect anything but it looks good though lol .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
there is no comparison ,  this is the best .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i like a thin ,  crispy crust and it was perfect .
the table is relatively small and fits in my small dinning space nicely .
i also like that it has belt loops as well as a belt clip .
i would buy it again at this price .
another cool feature . another cool feature is that i can play my itunes music directly into the num_extend ear piece .
the light is just right ,  not too bright .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good .
i bought these knives as a christmas gift for a good friend .
so i have more room under one sink than the other ,  but this fits .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i ve made three batches so far and they ve all come out great .
very useful and sturdy ,  as others have mentioned the inside can make removing a filled bag somewhat difficult .
i like the ability to run the amplifier from three different power sources :  ac ,  usb ,  and vehicle cigarette lighter .
i ordered a pack of num_num and they sent me twelve !  what a nice surprise .
however ,  for the price ,  i didn t expect a gorgeous ,  flawless piece of art with a rosewood handle .
good quality so far although i have not really used it much yet .
easy and tasted great and no clumps either .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i ve only owned it for a few days now but so far so good .
you wouldn t think such a simple design would work well ,  but it does .
it works well with a usb port that you plug into the wall or in your computer .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
i like it but i wouldn t recommend it .
if you are looking for serious juicer ,  you should get this one !  .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
however; i will still put this set to good use .
i bought brand new chicago cutlery knives and it made them sharper than the manufacturer had .
works great now ,  but cost me $ for the repair .
got these for my cat to eat from .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
i bought this more than one year ago and i worked fine it lasted more than one year .
as a pleasant surprise i tapped the call button on my iphone while it was in a standby state .
great price !  !  i was a bit skeptical about purchasing this .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
mine needed to be replaced and was happy to see that i found it on amazon .
the quality of the product is second to none .
i just recommend to rinse this well every time you use it .
it also has a more prominent rubberized feel than the other product .
but the battery worked well ,  and was better than the original .
in fact i ve bought multiple since they make an assortment of colors .
thats why i m creating this review because its so good .
the temperature dial is quite accurate at making waffles as crispy or as light as you would like .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
i dont own that phone anymore but it works well with my iphone .
still i give it num_num stars because the pan itself is great .
what a great upgrade !  granted the original refurbish one had to be returned ,  but i m not worried .
it was pretty sharp out of the box .
none . all in all ,  a wonderful phone for about a num_num bucks or so .
my old battery was swollen so i ordered this one and it works good .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i like it but its not the best !  .
i have an older num_extend which i love .
hope this battery helps me improve on that !  .
so ,  now i am happy my other tob broke .
used the backup battery a few times and it works great .
these pans seem to heat even enough for our uses ,  seem sturdy ,  and the nonstick works well .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i like having them on hand for many different uses .
lol i did it with water to test . it holds my homemade soy milk wonderfully ,  while hot or cold .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
these are the cheapest priced yet most well made products i ve ever come across .
spend a little extra and enjoy your investment for life .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
when i am in my computer room i also bring it with me .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
otherwise ,  find a coffee that gives results you like .
speaking of the screen ,  its very bright and crisp .  .  . though using it in direct sunlight may prove a little challenging .
others are more expensive but not any better ,  this one is great for coffee lovers like myself .
the main reason was to help me keep our tile floors clean and looking good .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
i feel like i got a new phone .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i saw some poor reviews on this bowl ,  but i find it delightful .
it is also protecting the blades of your knives .
the finish is still nice ,  with almost no signs of wear ,  except for a small scratch on one corner .
i didn t know that when i purchased it ,  so this is an added bonus for me .
now they are not bose ,  or harmon kardon speakers ,  but for the price ,  these speakers are amazing .
so if you can buy this num_extend on sale like i did ,  it is a good buy .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
it will melt if you fry at very high heat .
the sound is impressive at  normal  volume ,  when connected via ipod adapter to num_extend jack .
if you re not too particular about your coffee ,  it s a fine option .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
the amount of dirt it traps is amazing .
i have used it to listen to music as well ,  and it is pretty amazing .
purchased this as a gift for my son .
i wanted it for my car ,  but works well in the house also .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
so this works better than the plastic one i had .
the crust was much thicker and very hard ,  but the bread still tasted delicious .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
it s not perfect ,  but i haven t found a bluetooth headset that i love yet .
it s a little awkward to store because of it s size ,  but well worth finding a spot for .
better than the one that came with my phone .
i dont like it as good ,  but as far as functionality it works just like the origional .
i got the case in a retail otterbox package with papers included .
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
they can come in multiple sizes and they have sooooo many uses .
this thing was nice to have for my incredible ,  when the usb port crapped out .
i have a seperate set of sony earbuds that sound amazing and used them on the handsfree .
overall ,  i d recommend this machine as an addition to a better quality one .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
the towel is just the right size to cover and retain the heat .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
these are a very good product in this color ,  haven t tried the darker colors others had problems with .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
to circulate the air ,  i use a small fan and it is wonderful .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
got it to fix my ipod touch ,  worked well for awhile .
i got this for my dad for christmas .
the leather seems to be very rugged and looks nice .
the aluminum is nice and shiny ,  although it does scratch easily  being aluminum  .
wish they offered  free shipping on all orders ,  but still a great company to do business with . thank you amazon . com .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
it was advertised as a fun novelty product and that is what it is .
the only bt headset i ve found that works with a motorcycle helmet .
i have been using the product for more than a month and it is still functioning properly .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
it s safer and easier to pack in a lunchbox .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
i ve only used it once ,  but it was great .
made the phone look like it was brand new .
i have used this around num_num times and it is fantastic .
and to top it off it comes with a holster .
sure ,  it s no health food ,  but it is nice for a change of pace once in a while .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
its good for alot of things has num_num functions .
the flavor is the same and time is equal .
for less than $ it s worth the money .
it is a sturdy and thick gel that is not flimsy at all .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
i was actually surprise that it came with the cord as well .
i used a nail file  not the metal kind  ,  and it worked brilliantly .
and to top it off it comes with a holster .
also excellent as a headset when making calls .
i find it to be lighter ,  have a better flavor ,  and seem somehow  fresher  .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
for a person looking for a little bling this is an ideal phone case for you .
i read the rave reviews on this product and thought i would give it a shot .
just switch the batteries and i m good to go .
perhaps that to has helped with battery life .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
i got it new on ebay cheaper than amazon .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i got it in a plastic pack in the mail .
the only complaint i have is it could be louder ,  but it serves my purpose .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
the price was cheap and it is a great product .
this item is fine for the price paid .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
not as space efficient as others options probobly are but the size ws just right for me .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
this isn t a hard cover ,  so the silicone will provide good protection incase of a fall .
the bass packs a strong punch and plentiful ,  but not to the point where its overpowering .
this thing has really helped out with my phone that dies every num_num or less !  .
it s that good . it does come out soupy when initially made .
great value ,  especially for the price !  at the store ,  a similar set was more than twice this price !  .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
if you live in a weak signal area and get dropped calls often ,  it s well worth a try .
the sound is good and enjoyable ,  but lacking bass .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
better than the one that came with my phone .
happy with buying these i have tried different kinds and had to return most of them .
however ,  for the price i think it is acceptable .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life ,  this one has good battery life .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
i needed a new plug and when i ordered this one i was surprised how soon i got it .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i also used the sheet to make cinnamon rolls on and it worked very well for those also .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
so i recommend if you need a new battery .
amazingly ,  it too is made in china what a surprise  .
great combo ! i also bought an adapter num_extend pin to lightning  but it did t functionnormally with a iphone num_extend
i had to get a new blade for it ,  which was super expensive ,  but it still works great .
these screen protectors are very useful and are a lot cheaper than the name brand ones .
it tasted so fine with a bit of sugar .
the base does feel a little insubstantial ,  but the whole thing ,  put together ,  is quite sturdy .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
i was shocked at the quality of this product .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
you will enjoy the purchase if you have an num_extend
it will most likely become an heirloom in my family .
the price is incredible for this kind of case .
ordered the case from amazon and got it today .
i m not sure if this style is really safe for canning but it s great for kitchen storage .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
spend some extra money on quality and you will be happy you did .
other than that there is nothing of better value than this product .
it works great but you need to buy another cable to make it work .
there so much better than the ones that i ve had .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
this makes the waffles i remember so well from my childhood .
charger does the job ,  though it takes a long time to charge the battery .
i have small hands and really love these gloves .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
the headset operates best with the phone in sight .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
in use now for over num_num months ,  this productdoes a great job .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
the rubber feels pretty good in my hand .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it doesn t come with a thermos or anything ,  but it is so cool .
it really moves the air and is very quiet .
this is a great product !  one thing i was sure wouldn t be good was the little connector pieces .
but anyway ,  this thing helps with keeping my allergies at a minimum when normally they are going crazy .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
looked pretty good and sturdy ,  but i was looking for something smaller .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
i did a lot of research ,  and i think this was a good choice .
it s a powerful fan ,  but not as quiet as i would like a fan to be .
i have the new verizon blackberry storm ii num_extend and this case fits my phone perfectly .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is a fun cuisinart at a toy price .
this blade is razor sharp . i will be curious to see how well the blade sharpens when the time comes .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
well ive used it for a week now and i love it .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
their edges hold very well ,  they don t need sharpening yet .
great charger !  it is just like the original that came with the samsung infuse .
but overall i would recommend it ,  if you want a cheap but still cute case .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
so ,  i got my cuisinart a few years back from my mom .
i haven t used it long enough to know yet how well it will hold up .
i put it in the bedroom ,  set fan on high ,  and a couple hours later ,  the room smelled great .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it also comes with a decent little case so i won t feel too concerned throwing into the luggage .
might look better on the black iphone but still very nice on the white .
i am less than num_extend tall and this works perfect for me .
it is a useful item in your kitchen drawer .
got these for my cat to eat from .
the battery life is now reasonable though it does add to the size of the phone .
i got this based on the amazon reviews .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
i m surprised how ell it actually works because of some negative reviews .
i bought this because i needed a cheap grinder and this fit the bill nicely .
i got another set for one of their bedrooms that is now a study .
this is my num_extend case for my num_extend but its also my best case .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
nice light crust on the outside and flaky inside .
this is an awesome little gadget !  i have an iphone num_extend which doesn t have the best battery life .
just a little powdered sugar and they re beautiful .
it is nicer to look at than the picture indicates .
these screen protectors are very useful and are a lot cheaper than the name brand ones .
for the price ,  the tools are effective and easy to clean .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
i thought it was larger than it looks .
even with lots of washings ,  it does great .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
oh ,  i also hooked this up to my num_extend and it works like a charm there too .
and it s pretty touch to scratch it as well .
so don t spend any more money than you have to ,  this one is great .
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i got this for use in our fish tank .
i would still purchase it at the current price .
with this being said ,  overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
other than that problem this product is great .
this was a humble coffee maker that made an excellent cup of coffee .
as for the instructions ,  they are sparse but it s easy to use .
it works great ,  i ve noticed no odd smells that others have complained about .
i recommed this with num_num stars !  it s great !  !  .
the otterbox defender is a great case for protecting your phone .
i thought i would not like the foaming wand but it was pretty easy to use and clean .
when it snaps into the holster  ,  it is more than secure .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
really liked this item it was the perfect thing to use to make our cake ball lollipops .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i used it today to peel carrots and it did a remarkable job making exceptionally thin slices .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i bought these as a gift for my daughter .
bought this piece with the innocell battery and the innocase .
i expected a good product and that is just what i received .
i will prefer this brand when shopping for other kitchen appliances .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is a good accessory to have with you when the iphone num_num is the only camera you have .
nice to have when phone is used alot one day and you re gonna be away from any outlets .
this is a handy chopper just right for small amounts without dragging out the big processer .
this is deserving of a num_num star rating .
a bit expensive for what it is  hence the num_num stars  but overall a good product .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
would recommend i used this for an iphone .
now ,  they stay fresh for about num_num days .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
after at least a hundred uses ,  it s ugly but it works great . opinions vary ,  clearly .
she does not tolerate the commercial nutrition ,  but does well with her customary food .
but the thinness is great if you don t want too much added bulk .
we love coffee at our house !  i m kinda finicky about it .
apples iphone num_num and num_extend sometimes you can really get a good deal and good product .
yes ,  it s not as good as iphone s but ,  for what i m using it ,  it s just right .
the oster blender chops and blends ice very well for the shakes i drink each morning .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i just bought it as an extra since it was so inexpensive  under $ including shipping  .
you have to touch a key to make it come back on .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
i was able to get away with charging it once a month .
it makes the best latte i have ever had in my life .
and fine works and serves its purpose that is all really nothing to say on these cheap things .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
this is a small ,  quiet humidifier that does the job .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
i had something similar to it years ago and i even like that one .
very easy to use . my only complaint is that if you really tug on the poles they will break off .
my favorite is the motorola num_extend or num_extend
if you are looking for a good product .  .  . this is the one .
it secures my i phone perfectly so i wont have to try and keep up with it .
i ordered this case and was absolutely thrilled .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i have had this phone for just over num_num weeks and i love it .
i have bought this item a few times .
not as well made as it use to be but still good .
the lid has a good weight and releases just enough steam so it does not spill .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
a little too small for what i was expecting but good for one person .
protects the screen by lifting it up around the edges .
it does its job to recharge and connect to computer .
i link mine to my ipad mostly ,  and on occasion with my iphone  ,  either way they work beautifully .
i like this platter because it is a good size for serving .
it s a lot of fun but ,  i admit ,  a bit frustrating .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
a little difficult to get on but that was probably just me . protected the screen well . decent product for the price .
best of all i now use it constantly for making my tea .
the matte texture is not smooth as plain glass ,  but it is nice to feel on the fingertips .
the new one looks a little different than the older one .
i have not used the yet ,  but they should be good .
i replaced the original battery with this one and what a difference .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i think there are very few covers that protect the iphone as well as look good .
but if you usually tune out background noise ,  this is a decent alternative .
the camera takes nice pictures and i ve used it as a substitute for my regular digital camera .
overall ,  good quality for the price i paid .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
so good that i placed a second order for num_num more .
i agree the plastic is not the most durable but i like it all the same .
if you are in need of a stylus ,  this is a good option .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
i just ran it under water and put it in the dishwasher and it came out sparkling clean .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
i forgot to charge it ,  end the battery lasted for almost a week !  !  !  !  i highly recommend it .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i bought this based on price and some reviews .
i bought it for kneading dough ,  but it s also great to use in the oven instead of parchment paper .
overall for the price ,  i m very surprised and very satisfied with this item .
i would recommend it to anyone ,  but remind them it is wood and will exhibit wood qualities .
while the glass is heavier ,  i like that it is easier to clean than the plastic .
prices fluctuate ,  i paid $ for mine and consider that a good value .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
i already had the num_extend and really liked it ,  so i decided to try the new num_extend
it worked perfect while i had my phone !  never had any issues with it at all .
i got this for my num_num year old .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i believe that they fixed that design flaw .
i m not sure it improves a cup of coffee substantially ,  but it s worth the effort .
i don t own any of the accessories ,  but there are some great ones out there .
i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one .
it does the job of protecting the back and front from minor scratches .
i was amazed at the quality of these for the cheap price .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
might use it for other things as well ,  but for now ,  it is perfect for my needs .
much better than anything you d by in the dollar store .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it keeps the coffee from spilling in our very packed freezer .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
some of the rating for this product were unfavorable ,  but i tried it and had very good luck .
i also like the ability to charge two devices at the same time .
i own two bose systems that are larger than this but their sound is more what i enjoy .
i love this steamvac !  we have a dog and a toddler so our carpet is constantly getting little stains .
it opens big cans as well as it does small ones like those little tomato paste cans .
the nice part is the rubber has edges at the bottom corners which hold the phone securely .
it s had a few close calls with the washing machine . i like it .
it comes with an eye remover on the side .
and i like the handle although some people don t seem to .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
this is a great little handle holder for use with cast iron pans .
will put it together when i use it next .
this case has it s own built in battery .
i tried to update the firmware and now it s all good .
the cup is portioned right with a thinning at the top which is what i was looking to get .
worth the price ,  but would have paid a few more dollars for a sturdier unit .
the fit is good ,  though i m not used to a bluetooth headset going in your ear .
i just received it at the door and took it out right away .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
i you want to buy a good quality pan this is it .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i got it for really cheap and it worked as expected .
this was perfect for when my phones charging port crapped out on me .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
if you just have an overflow in your tub than this will work great .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
wasn t sure i wanted an earpiece with a boom mike but it makes a big difference .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
i noticed that my phone fit snuggly within the cell phone area .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
the soft plastic feels a little cheap ,  but for the price ,  it s a pretty good buy .
it does a great job on my well water ,  which was good to begin with .
had a little trouble getting bubbles out ,  but otherwise was worth the purchase .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
it seems i was always talking too soon or too late . all in all ,  a great headset for the $
i ve only installed one of the num_num screen protectors but it fit perfectly .
i bought this as a gift for someone .
not as unobtrusive as earbuds ,  but very functional for the price .
this charger is better than most of the cheap knock offs .
it is quite universal for cell phone batteries .
if you want a real top quality steam cleaner ,  go with this one .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i love this device but its a bit over priced .
it works well for me as i do not put real heavy items on it .
it stores well in our fridge which is nice .
after having to send the first one back with a big crack the second one came just fine .
i got this last week ,  ordered with amazon prime .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is delivered in a stylish plastic lozenged shape case  that was a pain to open  .
i will have to see how well it stands the test of time ,  but for now ,  i m happy .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this is a great deal for a stocking stuffer too !  .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
i cant believe this price ,  what a fantastic deal .
it is a good charger but it is a bit short .
i just quit with the squirt of oil ,  and it just stays clean enough .
perfect size bowl ,  smaller than what comes with the sets ,  nice color ,  great price .
the battery cover provided with the battery is actually very nice .
i ve bought two of these in the last couple of years .
the chopping blade type is useful for grinding spices .
i have found cuisinart to be very consistent with their products .
fits perfectly ,  but has more capacity  orig is something like num_extend
it may be a good idea to use varying settings occasionally .
overall it s an essential device for your car .
not a % fit but it does the job .
i love using this for carrots ,  cukes ,  zucchini and sweet potatoes .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
it looks much smaller than it does in the pictures and very sleek .
it was gifted to me and i received it a few days ago .
got this to replace my worn out model .
these bags work great but are a little pricey .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
sprinkling brown sugar on the batter made a mess of the machine but did taste good .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
i tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great .
i have never used a rice cooker before and this one is pretty easy .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
they just looked funny to me because of the size .
this doesn t produce as fine of mist as pam spray ,  but it still produces a nice even coat .
slicing is difficult when what you are slicing becomes small  watch your fingers  ,  but it is still very useful .
i haven t checked it s indestructibility yet ,  but it works good as a thermos .
dropped my iphone by accident and it protected it good .
i know these headphones have a lot of bad reviews ,  but i for one love them .
this works just fine ,  i ve been using it every other day or so for a few weeks .
wish they weren t so expensive but def a good investment !  .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
got this case for my daughter who is always dropping her phone .
looks just like the original one we had .
effortless ,  comfortable to grip ,  it s cheap ,  and looks sleek to boot .
i picked this item up at a local store .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
you receive what you paid for ,  good value .
using the headset is very easy as well .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
it looks good in my bathroom ,  but it would look better if i had installed it correctly .
i would buy it again to replace it ,  but would love to see their next model .
other than the fact it is too large for most things ,  it works great .
it is the perfect replacement to your original battery that started draining out quickly .
so now ,  i can find them when i need them .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
i got one of those in the early num_extend as a christmas gift .
but that is a minor inconvenience and i think the case is pretty good .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
i ve had the case for only a week . overall ,  for $ this case is worth it .
does hurt my ear when i wear it for long periods ,  but overall ,  i would recommend it .
good product ,  downfall it was har to see the screen when it is very bright surroundings .
this model is a great buy on amazon .
they look cool and you pay for that in the price .
nutritionally ,  it s far superior as well ,  to escaping vitamins and minerals .
thought it was a bit spendy ,  but after getting it ,  i think this is fairly priced .
i was looking for something larger than my little plastic one ,  and this one is very nice .
they are a nice weight but not too heavy .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
glad i found these at a reasonable price .
i got my battery pack about a week ago ,  and have used it a couple of times .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
they also offer replacement blades for this item .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
i also purchased a clear screen protector to give added durability to the screen .
i thought it was a bit pricey ,  but finally bought it .
i have been using it for a year ,  although rarely ,  and it works just fine .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it will help you prepare a nice batch of yogurt in num_num to num_num hours .
a regular charger wouldn t even work on charging my kindle fire hd ,  but this one works .
i have owned this product now for over a month and it is still working .
works really well ,  i do wish the sheets were larger though .
i like the non stick sole plate ,  it is a good general use iron .
this caused a loss of num_num star ,  otherwise still a great headset .
i like the colors i received better than the ones in the picture .
this is one of those rare buys that you actually end up head on as the buyer .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
i bought a second one with the same wonderful results .
maybe if it hits num_num or less is it worth considering as i got it around that price range .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
i got mine at my local ace hardware for $
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
so .  .  . more than i wanted to spend ,  but .  .  . got my money s worth . am happy .
finally ,  i received this one and it was great !  !  .
it s cute ,  with a retro look to it .
it was also easy to get off of my phone which was a plus .
i read the reviews and liked that i heard and so far ,  i am not disappointed .
unfortunately ,  this can cool the tea more than one would like .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump .
i had to buy another one . i liked the features that this one promised so i ordered it .
here s a handy little gadget that i found at a nearby grocery market .
i decided to give these a try and am absolutely delighted .
i wondered if i had made a mistake at first ,  but this knife is nice and sharp .
it is more sturdy when plugged in and the charging prongs are better also .
this item is available from several different sellers .
it makes good coffee but i don t like the look of the plastic exterior although it is less breakable .
the carafe is substantial and easy to hold ,  and the lid secures num_extend
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone ,  and this one is the best .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
for $ it is a decent buy . edit :  after the % price drop ,  i reconsidered purchasing it .
i found the price to be lower than some other products .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
this one is fine and it is an lg brand at a reasonable price .
the way it winds up is a bit strange and its bulky but it works and stores compactly .
the lid of the pan has a secure fit to prevent heat loss .
i decided to buy these .  .  . these are good pair of samsung headphones for my samsung galaxy prevail .
i took it this past weekend to so .
i carefully read and followed the instruction manual and recipe .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
i look forward to using my knives now .
i m really bad on charging and not having cords so to have this one ready to go is great .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
being able to remove the pot makes cleaning so easy .
its a bit bulky and the rubber starts to weaken after a few months but i liked this case .
great deal for those extra usb cords that are needed for home ,  car ,  computer ,  and work .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
you can even charge it while its in this case .
got these as back ups for my iphone num_extend
i have a small oven and it s hard to find a good solid roasting pan that will fit .
these batteries are the best ,  they last longer than stock ones ,  about num_num hours more .
worth paying a few extra bucks i would think .
i wish they can make the num_extend lighter in weight but a great product .
i even noticed it while listening to music .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
it s pricey but if you want a good headset than it s worth it .
you just can t beat the pricing at amazon !  .
they work fine in my bissell . it s good that they re cheap because i seem to break a lot of them .
it cleans easily and looks great for everyday use .
they make it so easy to hang your pants ,  and keep them from wrinkling .
i found num_num to be appropriate for my needs .
i wanted a phone with a big screen and this one has it .
it s considerably thicker but i can live with it .
it s actually quite easy to snap on and off once you figure it out .
its a must have if you don t get the bigger battery with a bigger back .
i liked this item ,  although it is quite larger than i thought .
it is noisy ,  but sometimes the noise is a good thing !  !  i love it !  !  .
so i needed something that was bluetooth and that is comfortable to use .
i got this car charger for my second vehicle and it works perfectly .
it is nice to know that i can so easily order these through amazon now .
i just bought a second one after i got the first one !  .
i was a little dubious about this product ,  but after trying it ,  i am very pleased .
it doesn t cost $ but that s a good thing .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
it s also about $ with free shipping included .
i don t believe it does a good job of cleaning the air however .
i have used these some but have found that the longer stylus pen works better for me .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i did have to make sure i popped it in just right .
i love this waffle maker but it is a pain in the neck to clean .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
i ve somehow chipped one of the small ones ,  though it still works fine .
it is very pretty but not great quality .
i only wish i had found it a long time ago !  !  .
great for making large batches ,  or things that are difficult to mix without spilling over your everyday bowls .
i purchased num_num to have around and they work perfectly at a fraction of the price at stores .
it is sturdy and obviously lasts a long time .
i m new to the art of making fermented foods .
i got mine at my local ace hardware for $
then i got this one and it s great for just $
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
i own a fair number of wusthof knives and this is one of the ones i like the best .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
the coffee is so much better with the cone shaped  rather than basket  for brewing and flavor .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
i will be purchasing this item in the future .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
i bought this hoping the quality was still good for this unit .
it was a pretty good screen protector ,  not as good as a name brand but good for the money .
the blue lights make it easy to tell how much power is left in the battery .
kinda fragile ,  but for the price it does the job .
while i was not convinced this knife would work as advertised ,  i thought it was worth trying .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
this is a great headset but i switched to the motorola num_extend for several reasons .
it says it is good for num_num uses .
works with white potatoes as well as sweet .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
better quality than the similar style one that this replaced; since it s oxo ,  expect it to last for awhile .
num_extend did a nice job on this one .
it is still usable ,  i just wish it didn t curl .
the suction cup is very strong ,  but must me mounted on glass or a completely smooth surface .
i got this for my num_num year old .
not as good as quality wired headphones ,  but pretty good .
very sharp scissor ,  i use it to cut everything ,  wish it has one with longer shear .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
a cleaning brush is also a good investment .
i knew i needed a case for this phone and during the num_extend i found this case .
i have sharpened a bunch of my knives in my kitchen and they get very sharp .
but it has rubber edges so i think it will protect better than a totally hard case .
don t know it fits num_num cups in it but it works great .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
my kids love it and i have no complaints .
thgis was so great that i bought num_extend
the one i received is made in china .
i just love these things !  i have had this set for about num_num years and not one has broken .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
has a nice lip to help protect the screen when you lay the phone down screen side down .
i bought this as a gift for someone .
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining .
still using it and working and it has been so long that i forgot when i got it .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
i found the num_extend charge time to be adequate .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i have poor eyesight and the large readout is nice .
the num_extend works well with my ipad  wifi  ,  iphone num_num and ipod touch .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
i like it but its not the best !  .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
the good news is that it really was easy to take this thing apart and replace the belt .
they are beautiful cookies and tasty and versatile .
a cut above the generic car chargers that i ve used in the past .
it s comfortable so i just leave it on most of the time when i m at work .
just got this for about couple of weeks .
i sent it back and i ordered another one  retail packaging !  i love this one .
i just recommend they put instructions along with it .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
oxo good grips medium cookie scoopi needed something to help me with my cookie baking .
this product is described very well in the description .
i also use the proper rice for the cooker .
the edges of the handle isn t rounded ,  so this is the reason why . other than this ,  its great .
works incredibly well; whereas with the original battery i had to recharge it mid day ,  this one last .
it was an afterthought but i am so glad i purchased them .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
it s really hard to get on and off but that is also a good thing .
the size is big enough and not too large .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
this headset is great for stereo listening in background noise levels up to a moderate street noise environment .
even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
i am mixing my colors so i ll have varied sets that compliment each other .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i don t like to have things scratched and this helps a lot .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
while very effective at filtering grounds it give the coffee a slightly earthier  ?   taste than the paper filters do .
i found this one on amazon and read the reviews .
i wish every product i bought met my expectectation as well as this one .
i was surprised at how quickly the oven heated .
plus it was very inexpensive which also makes it a great deal !  .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
i bought two of these the first time .
it protected the phone as i wanted it to and gave it a nice look .
i have had it over a year now .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
it was twice the price but well worth it .
i m not sure what hte differing voltages mean but it works well .
i was looking for something durable and this metal case fit the bill perfectly .
i am glad i bought this instead of a fancy coffee machine that froths . easy to use ,  easy to clean .
they are not fragile and yet they are very pretty .
they are small but are the size i wanted .
it works great !  but it falls out occasionally and needs readjusting a lot .
so i am satisfied that i didn t pay a high price .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
its a great buy unlike the cheap plastic crap that s out there for more money .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
i have never found a headset that actually works well with my ears until this one .
i bought one for my room and one for my son who has cats .  .  . he loves it as well .
of course you can hear it while it is on because it is moving air .
this is the only armband i have found that fits the phone without having to take off the case .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
if you want a good tool ,  that will save you time and electricity .
every oxo product i have ever owned has been at least very good ,  and for the most part ,  excellent .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
it heats up fast and comes to pressure in just a couple of minutes .
unsightly ,  but still very delicious . one of the drawback is that it only makes num_num at a times .
i have more cabinet space and that s plus .
easy to clean ,  brews in about num_num minutes .
they don t really deliver high quality sound suitable for serious music listeners .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
but i decided to try it and what a wonderful product it has turned out to be .
it is better than the factory oem battery that came with the phone .
i am an avid coffee drinker without a doubt .
it s nice to have a drink that when you knock it over ,  won t spill .
much better than having a standard blade grinder and with more capacity .
i knew both of these things before i bought it ,  but it was still a bit of a surprise .
it was in the original packaging then put inside a larger plain box stuff with crumpled paper ,  .  .  .  . packaged very well .
i wouldn t say this is the best adapter you can buy .
i got these bowls to cut down on serving sizes while dieting .
excellent product . i just wish it had a lid .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
i was worried about it being greasy ,  but its not ,  its great !  .
the sound quality on the previous two was excellent and i never had a complaint about it .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
i got this to use with my new htc num_extend
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
i honestly recommend this product and hope that this may help someone considering buying it !  .
pockets are deep and hold most of my shoes .
but not bad for all the time it worked well .
good news is that i ve returned items before to amazon and they have been good about refunds and exchanges .
the sound is great and there is not a lot of backround noise that gets through .
in fact ,  it feels pretty big on your ear .
i like its size ,  fits on my pants  pocket .
this was my second battery for my htc desire and found battery to be better than the original .
it also came with an extra screen protector .
back side of the case is very dingy looking and yellowish . if you want a simple protective case it s good .
sound quality was excellent ,  surprisingly despite some reviews .
it has a nice ,  slightly rubbery feel to it .
unless i m using a very large and deep pot these little spoons work so very well .
ive only used it once  just got it last week  but so far so good .
they also will melt if you expose them to high heat .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
if you can deal with the small resolution . the camera is actually pretty decent as well .
a great investent for protecting your expensive evo num_extend
the jar s shape helps the food move and mix better than a round jar .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
tiny desserts are a favorite because the indulgence is small .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
it works well but i wish it had a micro usb plug to charge it .
it does have a remote ,  which it a nice feature too .
the best part is it was only like $
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
it comes with a brush and you can use that to wash it and it stays clean .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
a nice feature as you don t have to look up anything .
i received it in good time since it was part of a gift !  .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
everywhere i looked it was quite a bit more expensive so this was great .
not a big deal but something worth noting .
the plastic didn t stick together ,  making it much easier to set it up . i d recommend .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
i got this product after having homemade popcorn with the sir crazy at a friend s house .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
i def like these better then the typical glossy screen protector .
the price is excellent . for that i gave them num_num stars .
this unit definitely does the job but it is quite flimsy and it is very noisy .
i just use the one usb port and it works great .
the  screen  is large and the reading is fast .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
don t expect to buy them and use them for num_num years ,  but for the price they work great !  !  .
obviously you ll be much happier with your knives after some sharpening .
they also will melt if you expose them to high heat .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
only used it num_num times since we got it ,  and it held up well keeping the ice cold .
i m not a big coffee drinker ,  but i do like a good cup in the morning .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
it is nice to have the handle which the original bowl doesn t have .
i m glad to have found it on amazon again .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i occassionally have to use two hands to put it on my ear correctly . i would definitely recommend this item .
it will melt if you fry at very high heat .
i don t drink coffee ,  so maybe this isn t this most recommended review ,  but my hot tea is fabulous .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
by the way ,  i also found the num_extend
amazon was very good about returning the item .
i had to find a decent one to use on the stove top .
this is a good size and i like the wider but shorter size .
it is quite sensitive to food and other odors .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
the best part is it was only like $
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
not to mention it looks nice and not typically tacky .
it has both high ,  low and off settings which is good .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i found one on amazon and ordered to see whether it would make a difference .
especially useful in nights to see the time in a dimly backlit screen .
super excited to have found this on amazon .
i ve had it for a few weeks now and it works great !  .
nice quality and the shipping was very fast .
when i received it and started using it ,  i was immediately impressed .
pretty good price too !  i would buy these again .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
it s the first one i ve had that actually does the job well .
they were much smaller than i thought but nice looking ,  so make sure to look at the dimensions .
i was also pleasantly surprised that it charges my iphone num_extend
i also purchased some coconut popping oil and it is wonderfulparagon coconut popcorn popping oil  gallon  .
it fits good but i noticed it could fit tighter .
i got it a day or so after ordering it and decided to try it out asap .
the case is rugged and strong ,  the seams around the edge aren t perfectly matched ,  but close enough .
you can t beat the price of these screen protectors .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
i don t really use phones for pictures ,  but the quality is good for quick pictures .
easily clean with soap and water even after the plate has been sitting on the counter ffor a while .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable .
i then went and plugged my phone in and it worked perfectly .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
hopefully it will straighten out fully after a while .
slightly bigger than i expected ,  but worth it .
the cell reception as a phone is excellent in our area .
i picked this up cheap at a thrift store ,  and have been very happy with it .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
you have to move it a little bit to the side to make it fit .
it helps keep my cat room odor free .
since those things don t affect the work the vacuum does ,  i am quite happy with my purchase .
i like this knife so much i have bought several .
otherwise ,  they are good for making fruit leather .
its great product and no problem at all nothing !  .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
i found this one after looking at several others and the reviews on them .
i tested both batteries and they have provided power to my cellphone .
i have read the handle is susceptible to breaking so i treat it with care .
it doesn t really do the privacy thing too well but its thick so it is a good screen protector .
love this box !  !  !  !  my color dyes used to get all over .
here is what i found upon receiving it .
i used it the first time and fell in love .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
they both worked well enough for the finer jobs .
i recently purchased more and they are the same quality .
i have an older num_extend which i love .
looks just like the one in the photo as well .
the num_num made great coffee when it worked .
i m not that particular but it s nice if it matters .
i got it a week ago and i have used it twice so far .
probably will buy another one soon of a different kind that fits appropriately .
ordered this kit .  .  .  . and promptly found my icon the day the earbuds arrived .
i got this as a gift for my sister a couple of years ago .
i can t really recommend this headset at this time .
i like my tea ,  and am picky about what brand and flavors i have .
very nice product ,  i only received it yesterday and have not had a chance to use it .
sunbeam can t hold a light to this ka .
got this to replace my worn out model .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
able to connect usb in order to charge an additional device works well too .
i needed a battery for my old droid num_num and they made it happen .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i have bought at least a dozen over the years .
heavy and a little difficult to clean but worth the extra effort !  .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
this thing rocks !  !  i was going to build my own but the price and quality told me otherwise .
i got this to replace my old one .
there is a $ premium for the num_extend though . so far i am enjoying this phone .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
i noticed people on ebay paying up to $ for this same unit . enjoy !  !  !  .
it was a tad smaller than i had expected but it fit everything i needed to put on it .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
yes ,  it s expensive ,  but in the end it was worth it to me .
it is a little heavy but it s worth saving the phone from being ruined .
the first night i got it ,  i was amazed .
i researched carpet cleaners for a reasonable price and came across this one .
overall the product is a good product ,  but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies .
its a bit bulky and the rubber starts to weaken after a few months but i liked this case .
i decided to give this one a try and i am glad i did .
well i just got my first blackberry and i had to get a case for it .
it doesn t take up a lot of space and looks pretty cool !  .
i would recommend mophie for anyone who wants that extra portable charge for their iphone !  .
i bought one for num_extend and it worked so got one for my niece .
it s easy to snap on and off when needed .
well ,  it tastes excellent !  cleaning was a little tedious ,  but not bad .
fairly often means at least once a day .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
they work perfectly and they look identical to an actual iphone charger cable .
awesome product ,  came right on time if not a few days early .
i bought this brand new for about $
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
the device still works fine except for the noise it makes when the oscillation feature is used .
great price on this assortment of oxo tools !  purchased individually they would have been much more expensive .
i received an extra battery with my unit .
when it is time to replace will purchase this item again .
this is a good and cheap rubber hard coated case .
a treat which only took about num_num minutes to make .
this is a great product for drying things like towels ,  or children s bibs .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
better than the one that came with my phone .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
also ,  this screen protector is thicker than others  but looks fine  .
i think this item is worth what i paid for it for my use ,  but here are the caveats .
i have a gas stove with a long center flame specifically for a griddle ,  and this is great .
glad i made this purchase its a lot better than other mounts .
very comfortable for me as i can t stand the in ear earbuds because they make my ears sore .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
i have a little arthritis in my wrist and this tool made things much easier for me .
you see i ordered lots of filters as well .
i have done this with eggs as well as steaks .
but i own one that is about num_num years old and works like new .
dis is da bomb !  it has a wonderful texture ,  not all dry like styrofoam .
good if you have more than one battery for your phone and this charger comes with a battery .
bought this for my new droid incredible phones .
i thought the price was good at the time i purchased it .
after having to send the first one back with a big crack the second one came just fine .
i got this good review at amazon so i decide to buy one .
i forgot just how nice it looked when new .
this product works great i didn t have any problems with it .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
i put the camera in and tried it out and it worked perfectly .
so impressed i actually read the manual to see what else i could do with it .
i use it with the iphone num_extend but have used on num_extend and works as well .
the best part is it was only like $
it is sharp ,  and can cause great injury toyour fingers or hands .
in fact ,  i can talk pretty softly under most circumstances and be heard just fine .
would recommend if num_extend is what you need .
it s got just the right amount of sticky feeling in the hand .
it wasn t piping hot but it was still hot enough to enjoy .
i think with the way quality goes these days ,  they may be the best on the market .
therefore ,  the battery status indicator isn t the most reliable . overall ,  this portable battery pack is excellent .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
otherwise this is a great headset .  .  . wish the sound was better would have given num_num stars .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
i know the dimensions are given ,  but it was still surprising .
i bought this as a christmas present for my parents .
it did tend to scratch a little but still looked good .
i would buy it again in a minute .
thats why i m creating this review because its so good .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
these aren t the biggest i ve ever seen ,  but they are quite adequate ,  simple ,  sturdy ,  attractive and well made .
these chopsticks are pretty good for the price .
the difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations .
i wanted one a little wider ,  but i m glad of the size now .
that is bigger than the battery inside the phone .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
putting it together was a bit cumbersome but it was very easy to use ,  and does a fabulous job .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
a great product ,  but not as great as i thought it would be .
they have different sizes to adjust and fit your ear just right .
this was the cheapest i have found it .
i was a bit worried because it was so cheap ,  but it s great !  .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
i forgot how much i liked this keyboard .
works perfectly with iphone num_extend and my computer .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
you couldn t ask for a better high quality product .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
i think this will last for a while .
i found a video on youtube to help he out .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
i chose this one because of the amazing price .
the reviews on this were a little mixed ,  but i took a shot . it was a good bet .
handle is comfortable ,  as with all the good grips line .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
i did not purchase this on amazon ,  but bought it directly from target ,  this is an excellent popper .
i received this case about num_num days ago ,  and after num_num the phone fit perfect .
i also have the meat grinder attachment and make the most heavenly freshly ground hamburgers .
much better than i d expected for the price .
this works well for what it is intended for ,  but not quite what i wanted .
on top of that ,  they protect the corners of the phone too .
aluminum can actually be made stronger and more durable through a process called  anodizing  .
these fit a little better at the top but that s about it .
i am still using it pretty much every day .
i bought this to replace the one i had previously that looked like this and i like the style .
this is an excellent device for boiling water .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
it also works with my mid num_num macbook pro .
it has been working for me for months now .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
but that is a minor inconvenience and i think the case is pretty good .
bought my first one and it worked for about two weeks .
it works very well ,  but i do have one problem with it .
the product is good ,  but i think it is overpriced for what it is .
i has just the right amount of color without being over the top .
it has a little light to let me know it has power .
hadn t really thought about this until just as i was purchasing and am quite pleased .
i received the product and it was is good shape when i received it .
for that purpose alone the num_extend is perfect .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
i ve used this humidifier for two winters now ,  and i can t say enough good things about the product .
i ve had one of these for a couple of months and so far ,  so good .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
after spending some time looking at reviews on the internet i decided that it might be worth it .
i just received this item and used it a few times .
i got a good for this from $
i was surprised when i opened the box .
thought the lock was crazy on a set of tongs ,  but find the lock to be very useful .
it is also useful for any other device with usb entry .
they are rugged !  some aren t very comfortable though .
the best thing is you get num_num for the price of num_extend
nice weight to them ,  and they are tall .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
i d give it a try and see if it works for you .
mine suffered a small melt at contact point on iron skillet ,  but still funcitions great .
it is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to num_num degrees .
will buy another one if i have to .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
the blade is very sharp ,  which is actually safer for cooking as you are less likely to hurt yourself .
it is pretty impressive . i bought this for my iphone num_extend because it does not have a lanyard strap holder .
i lost the retractable part somewhere but the mini usb charger is nice .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
very powerful for it s size but the db noise level can be piercing .
i was initially concerned the motor might not hold up to the task ,  but it performed beautifuly .
and found it to be a pretty heavy load .
i like this cookware better than the one that replaced it  the calphalon one infused  .
i ve tried every device i have with this and it works with everything .
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
this is a really good product but when first purchased we thought it wasn t going to work .
i got it for only $ which was a good enough deal that i bought two haha .
not as well made as it use to be but still good .
i ve purchased cheap stuff before but this worked great !  have bought others since then .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
over time things may change ,  but as of now i would recommend this product .
our old one broke so we bought this one .
when it snaps into the holster  ,  it is more than secure .
a little more than i had expected to pay but well worth the money ,  it will last forever .
works perfectly for my evo num_extend  which btw is not as bad with batteries as some have said  .
really liked this case when i use to have my old num_extend
super cheap for the amount i got ! great colors ,  too !  .
it s a good pan ,  but keep in mind that it s not as good as advertised .
i ve applied screen protectors on many devices over the years and have to say that greatshield are my favorite .
i bought this case for my iphone num_extend and this case looks really good on the wight iphone num_extend
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
purchased this to keep my coffee pot hot .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
i m not good doing this kind of stuffs but when i put on the screen ,  it just fits perfectly .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
iphones glass is fragile and this is the best way to get it done .
i broke the usb charging port on my phone and this was the perfect solution .
got this as a gift for my boyfriend .
the transmitter is better than transmitters usually purchased for much more money .
i am a little worried about the longevity of the earpieces themselves but so far so good .
other then that ,  it s great and i would purchase again .
the display does not light up and is kind of hard to read but overall it is fine .
very clear pictures and nice graphics . i give it a num_num out of num_extend
this is something to look for when this kind of product is used .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
that was my goal for cordless headphones ,  but i can t find a good pair .
the waffle iron works well .  .  . only complaint ,  i would like the waffle to be thicker .
at full price it s not that great of a value ,  but worthwhile .
plus this thing will dispense its own water to help you empty it for storage . good enough for me !  .
it helps to watch a couple youtube videos ,  at least it did for me .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
my arms are not giant ,  so it fits fine .
i have only used the new mixer a few times so far ,  but it certainly appears robust enough .
the product has been redesigned so it is more durable .
the extra usb port is useful without the need for a splitter .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
it works mostly good ,  and it is num_extend than the num_extend that i own .
i got tired of always tripping over the cord of my old headphones . the sound quality is very good .
this utensil crock is ample in size ,  heavy in weight and vivid in color .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
but i misplaced mine a while back and just finally replaced it with this model . it works just wonderfully .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
the case has a few minor scratches as a result ,  but it still looks great .
i will use it for a few months and update again .
i love this case ,  a lot !  the only thing i dislike is that the design rubs off .
i needed something that controls work with my galaxy num_extend had good sound ,  and good cable management .
this can proved useful for slicing cucumbers ,  carrots and the like .
better than the protector i had on my old iphone !  .
might be worth a little bit more than what i payed for it .
i found a replacement part ,  which is inexpensive .
what i have found so far was a tasty cup of coffee with no bitterness .
the cut portion of the potato will brown and crisp .
also ,  great price .  .  .  . you d expect to pay $ for something similar inside the store .
great for cooking two eggs ,  two pancakes ,  at a time .
slow cook or quick sear ,  this pan is versatile .
i ve tried it twice and it does work .
unfortunately after a while they heart my ears .
i finally have a good cup of coffee that stays hot until the last drop .
it keeps coffee hot longer than i expected .
so happy it came with num_extend even if i dont need them !  .
good price for the can ,  it was kind of small but does hold a lot .
i like the lock and the turn mechanism on the side .
having the coiled wire is also nice keeping it from getting tangled .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
this thing can make getting the phone out of your pocket difficult sometimes ,  but still a well made case .
sound quality on my end is superb ,  although callers say i sound a bit muffled .
i use this and can t tell a difference .
overall i am pretty happy with this cleaner .
while this is only a  leather texture  holster it has a nice feel to it .
then i got this one and it s great for just $
worth the price to replace it and begin enjoying the brew as a new coffee maker .
but good for amazon to make this available .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
the price is a bit high for such a simple device though .
awesome product !  my previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so i had to replace it .
overall a nice case ,  and much better than the cheap ,  soft ,  plastic one we purchased prior to this one .
comfortable to use ,  a bit big for storage in a drawer .
i was surprised by how sturdy it was though .
the tools are sturdy and easy to use .
i recently received mine and have used it two times already .
i have several heavier ,  full tang chef s knives that i always thought felt good in my hand .
i beat it up pretty good ,  dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !  .
i couldn t afford a new one and found this rebuilt one here at amazon .
not the most durable bumper obviously but it serves its purpose .
i love to make dried fruit and turkey jerky .
i mainly picked these up because of the price .
the brown rice feature makes amazing barley ,  and beans .
i needed to replace my old filter and this fit the bill perfectly .
the protector is cut in the right locations to fit around the ear speaker and front facing camera .
i can t find this sort of thing where i live and was happy to aquire it here on amazon . com .
this thing is nothing fancy but it gets the job done .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
the surface is great for cutting ,  although it dulls knives quickly .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
they are thin but that s what makes them flexible .
no complaints here ,  this cable worked perfectly fine for over a year .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
easy to use and clean up was ok .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
this is very useful as i hate holdind my phone to my ear .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this is only a minor inconvenience ,  but it is worth mentioning .
i have had my braun num_extend for about a month and it is working fine .
one made in japan  superb  and one in china  ok  .
it is a little bulky but it is worth it .
not because it starts with an  i  but it looked attractive and ultra portable .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
i needed a whisk and this fit the bill .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
she was surprised to get this in the mail .
and that has impressed me when calling places like dell tech support and talking for hours .
i wish it could be disabled . overall i m very satisfied .
i would recommend this knife if you are looking for a durable all purpose knife for smaller jobs .
i cant believe i could replace my old one at such a great price !  .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
the price was great so i got them .
this was the num_extend one i ordered and finally it was worth it .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
colors aren t as vibrant as the colors in the image but it does look really nice .
this is a nice num_num foot long cable .
it s a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
but in my opinion ,  it s a pain without feet on it ,  and i recommend them too .
they are comfortable and volume control is better .  .  .  .  . just a little glitchy .
it tells you what time it is ,  too .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
i was not sure what to expect at first ,  but have been pleasantly suprised .
good quality ,  but cheap enough that i don t mind if they get a little beat up .
the blade has to fit just so to make it work .
at $ on amazon it s a great deal compared to the list price of $
i also connected to a iphone and it also works .
left it was a very good product but not for me .
part of the joy of these is how lightweight they are .
i find it helps if you let it sit for a few minutes before adding butter ,  toppings or eating .
its taste good and its good for you .
the battery life has been more than adequate for my very light usage .
i really .  .  . really liked this case .  .  . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
this is a winner !  i m surprised with some of the less than sterling reviews .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
the headset is comfortable to wear for long periods .
this model isnt particularly sleek or classy ,  but it casually nice .
i like the zipper on the side for easy access .
i keep it on my refrigerator door  the magnet on back of timer  is so functional and handy .
when i upgrade phones ,  i will buy this brand again .
what a difference !  i wish i had found this sooner .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
this can opener requires less effort so its good for my hands !  .
i made cookies with it and they came out great .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
these are my second set and i highly recommend this headset .
the graphics seem to be be pretty good quality .
this made it easier to get the bubbles out .
it has a secure plug and a normal length .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
but i have no problem with it as it is very useful .
it goes on and off easily and charges well while in it s case .
volume contron wont work on my motorolla phone but the sound is nice and seals out the other sounds .
very good to have when the old blade starts to give out on you .
the handle is a good size for my hand .
num_num fell apart but the other num_num works well .
perfect ,  love it !  !  yes i was skeptical about how sturdy this would be when i purchased it .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
very cool silver and seems to be protective .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
quality product at a very good price ,  just what i ve come to expect from amazon .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
this is my first new trent product that i owned and i must say this it is pretty impressive .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
it is not great but it does work .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i ve made several batches of biscuits and have even mashed ground meat together and they have held true .
i replaced it with an andriod phone and to my surprise my cord fit in this adapter as well .
when i saw the price i was kind of worried ,  it has a really low price and looks great .
comes in very handy to not have another cheap usb adapter piece that can break .
i bought it because of the price and the positive reviews .
this is much smaller than i expected ,  but it comes in handy .
also good for melted chocolate and other sticky things .
the more i use it ,  the better the coffee is .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
i made pasta today and it kept my stove from getting tomato sauce all over it . cleaning is easy .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
this is a nice case ,  i had to return it ,  while is durable ,  it is just bigger than expected .
it s too small to do much with ,  but i think it s great for making one egg .
i had a keurig ,  which i liked well enough .
seems to loose battery quicker than expected but great buy .
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives .
it works great num_num feet away from the phone and it charges in about num_num mins .
great product but from using it after while the sides fade off .
i ve only used it once ,  but it worked very well .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
but was very pleased when i found how nice it looked .
from a distance it looks like the real thing .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
the build quality is also much better than i was expecting considering the price .
i did use water just off the boil; i think that certainly helped .
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
got this case for my daughter who is always dropping her phone .
it comes with a cleaning brush that gets some of the reside out .
i was quite surprised to see so many poor reviews .  .  . i love this toaster .
it preforms well but really needs a mouse to make it perfect .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
this is actually the second one of these i ve owned .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
it also had to hold a lot of knives !  i searched and found this one .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
perfect !  i could never get the coffee strong enough so i decided to give it a boost .
the ear piece section is very flexible and at first feels a little funny to put on .
it is slightly smaller than i had hoped ,  but it turns out to be a convenient size .
i think you end up paying some for the name but overall the product is good .
this looks just like the old one but is better .
it has certain temps that you can toggle too .
been a fan of speck and this is another product that lives up to my expectations of the brand .
this particular orange with foliage back is a nice look .
it s great for carrots ,  zucchini ,  squash ,  potatoes ,  eggplant ,  etc .
the button also works as call answer on some phones .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
a great item ,  but shop around .  .  . too pricey on amazon .
what s good to know is that although there was some spillage there was only very little .
when i received the phone i was surprised at how good it looked .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
this was made to work ,  and it does .
it s really hard to get on and off but that is also a good thing .
i ve tried all of them and they worked fine .
first i got it to clean my rugs fem my puppy .
i saw num_extend version but this one works just like it .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
do yourself a favor and buy this product .
this case takes away from the beauty of the phone ,  but gives a bit of added protection .
great find for me ,  as the original bowl for my food processor broke .
rarely am i ever this satisfied with a product .
i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good .
this was purchased for num_extend dollars ,  hard to beat the price ,  durability is good and works as described .
would recommend to see this in a touch screen with a qwerty keypad .
i always thought my old num_num cup krups made a decent cup of coffee when using freshly ground beans .
great alternative if u don t like hard cases which add thickness to the phone .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
its got awsome sound  !  !  !  way better than a fm transmitter  !  !  !  !  !  .
i have a smart phone that depleats the battery quickly .
i had been looking for a cake plate with cover for some time ,  and this was a great choice .
i got a new stove and wanted a new tea kettle .
some reviews said this was too small but i find it the perfect size .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
they don t stick perfectly  some bubbles and lose edge  but they stay on very well and are reusable .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
great size ,  it fits myhand just fine and i had no problem with the locking feature either .
i like a little more slim and smooth .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
loved mine so much ,  i bought several for christmas gifts for family members .
i see a lot of negative reviews here ,  but my experience ,  overall ,  has been good .
had a small issue when buying the first time ,  had a friend who purchased one and it worked perfectly .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
when i take it out to clean it ,  it s always in pristine condition .
much better ,  and thicker than the ones i got from the cell phone store !  .
i didn t seriously consider this at full price ,  but now that the cost has dropped it s worth it .
also ,  comes with a little bright light to find your way in the dark .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
these glasses are very pretty and too delicate for me .
it is easy to clean and easy to see the strength of the tea brewing .
i got this and immediately put it to work  while driving i might add  .
the lid doesn t fit as cleanly as i d like but otherwise it s a great product .
the best part is it was only like $
if you re like me and can t stand a tangled cord ,  this thing is perfect for you .
though i have seen some poor reviews of this product i am impressed with these  inexpensive  earphones .
the beep letting me know when it is ready is a helpful feature .
as always i can depend on amazon to deliver a great product .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you cant charge it .
once again ,  it s a pleasure to make a smoothie .
the protector also enables you to keep your screen clean .
took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
it uses a max of num_num watts which is pretty good .
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
good mid and highs i listen to everything from num_extend classics to top num_num current .
i was concerned that this would not fit as well but ,  of course ,  it s perfect .
finally ,  i ordered this from amazon and am so happy to have it .
bathrooms always need a lot of cleaning but now it smells sweet for my efforts .
the box is a bit big but it hooks to your belt or pocket .
a great option if you would rather go wired on your handset .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped .
once in awhile you find that product that is  just what you needed .   this product is just that .
some were priced lower than this one ,  but the reviews were poor . this unit is very good .
but i d probably recommend using just the very slightest amount .
you can t beat it for the price ,  especially when compared to more high profile brands .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
this waffle maker still makes a perfect waffle after num_num years of heavy usage .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
this really surprised me ,  it was more than i expected .
and it shuts it self off which is a good feature .
i bought this product based on the reviews .
i thought it would smooth out with use and it has .
since i had already read the manual online i got right to work .
if you are looking for a good reliable charger ,  i would recommend this item .
i can t believe what a great knife this is .
the percolated coffee had a very fresh ,  natural zing which the brewed coffee was absent of .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
much better than i d expected for the price .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
it won t put the finest edge on your blade but a great tool for a quick touch up .
i m impressed and would buy them again ,  but that won t be for a long while .
so but for being a bit too short ,  again for my liking ,  it works great .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
sometimes i get lotion spots from holding it in my hand and it cleans easily .
very inexpensive and it works ,  where the one i got before this cost more and was defective .
my previous timer wouldn t beep while setting the time . other than that ,  though ,  this timer is great !  .
i have bought a few chargers for my phone that haven t work so i am happy with this one .
it clicks when you plug it in and the light comes on when plugged in .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i am quite surprised by one of the reviews .
works great in one car ,  not in the other .
i got this for my daughter for christmas .
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
it can get quite hot so keep that in mind .
i like good ,  strong coffee ,  but i m not really a snob .
so happy to throw out my old ,  flimsy one !  .
great replacement !  my old battery back was missing paint had cracking from being removed so many times .
a nice cordless can opener but be aware it has to be charged .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
i thought it was just gold . but anyways i recommend this item .
i have a delonghi num_extend and the smaller size fits very nicely for tamping .
its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
got these to hand brushes and loofahs in the shower .
love love lovei dont know why people are placing bad reviews .
kind of a pain to install but it s worth it .
the velcro cable tie that you receive with this cable is quite handy as well .
it s taken me years to find a knife that i love .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
great case and great fit it just wasn t my style .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i am of the belief that it is a quality product .
it takes a while to learn to cook with it but the results are great .
minus the downfalls it is a great alternative for official apple chargers .
i like this size best ,  i haven t found much use for any larger .
two of these rest nicely on top of my refrigerator and suit my purposes well .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
the case itself is very good ,  although after use the plastic turns yellowish .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
i ve made some of my best stir fry to date with it .
it is not great but it does work .
the coffee is good and it works quickly ,  but it has a few grounds .
i ordered this to add to my collection .
for what it is ,  it s great . dimensions :  about num_extend by num_extend
i have had this item now for about num_num years ,  and i like it .
plus it s easy to connect to your xbox num_extend
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
i found the amplification to be good at times and at other times i noticed no difference .
i was totally surprised to see that when i received it .
but for the price ,  these are really wonderful .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
they seem steady enough to hold any regular style pants or jeans .
a great little product !  the only drawback is that i prefer a pot with a removable lid .
i love it  .  . love it  .  .  . love it  .  .  . so i just had my hoover steam vac break .
got this as a backup for my car .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
it s also great for vent mounting ,  provided you don t have one of those vents that oscillates automatically .
works better than some of the more expensive cases .
it is an inexpensive case but it works .
price is beyond reasonable for what you get .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
i am pretty sure that isn t good to ingest cheap ,  but works nicely for what i want .
i m really surprised their knives can t withstand it .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i needed a way of playing my iphone audio on my car stereo and this was a great choice .
i needed a replacement and found this newer version .
i don t really think the coffee tastes better ,  but it always tasted pretty good .
i have been using it about num_num weeks and so far so good on the wearing of it .
snaps right on and protects good .   had my phone fall a couple of times  .
i do believe the jar opener is a handy item ,  particularly for occasional use .
thanks to amazon and customer reviews this caught my attention .
this looks just like the old one but is better .
this is as good as it gets with coffee .
that means a lot of high speed and a better than average amount of road noise when i call .
you can t beat this at this item at this price .
i got my package today and was surprised by the size .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
would recommend if you don t have the cash to shell out for the higher end ones .
only had on a couple of days but it seems good .
the sound is great  with headphones  . i have however had a few problems .
well ,  turns out i didn t know how much i need this until i got it .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
it is super secure and fits my samsung galaxy  which is a larger phone  .
i have to admit i didn t think this would work well but it s great .
it s very tough plastic and does a great job at protecting the phone from damage .
i ve had it for about a month and fresh oj every day .
the unit is a little smaller than i imagined it would be but thats a good thing .
the carafe seems to drip a lot ,  otherwise a good coffee maker .
i like how small and light weight it is .
and ,  after receiving it i called presto direct and found they have replacement cords at a very reasonable price .
the outer rubber case is pretty good quality as well .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i love this thing ! adding after num_num weeks :  the filter gets clogged easily and you can lose suction .
they offer great sound ,  but are a little funky getting in your ears .
they are better than the more expensive protectors that i ve used in the past .
seems a bit flimsy or more like plastic ,  but is wonderful for the price .
i have had it over a year now .
these are good quality bags compared to the off brands .
the cord is a bit shorter but it works fine for me .
i liked the fact that i received it already fully charged and ready to use .
i bought it in a local gourmet shop .
it fits perfect and snug; a little too snug in my opinion  it s not the easiest to remove  .
i dont own that phone anymore but it works well with my iphone .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
don t hesitate !  quality quality item !  i have never felt the desire to review a product on amazon .
i am a num_num pound num_extend woman and my pants fit beautifully .
the phone is hard to use but this was a good cover .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
i like oem products ,  particularly when it comes to batteries .
it worked so well ,  i m buying a num_extend one .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
this is a great charger ,  the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
i also appreciate the screen cleaning cloths that this item comes with .
simple product that is designed well ,  works well ,  and ends up saving you money .
i got this to charge one battery while the other is in use .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
make sure you get a nice screen protector too .
music sounds decent as well using only the device num_extend
i couldn t rate recommend it higher ,  especially for the price !  .
there s not much protection to this case ,  but it looks good .
but it does blend into sauces very quickly and is worth the extra effort for some at least .
for whatever reason ,  i m adverse to big or flashy headsets ,  and so this device is near perfect for me .
the one i received was actually smaller than dimensions listed ,  but it is a nice product .
it s only been a week ,  so i hope it lasts a good while .
a little flimsy because of the plastic ,  but if you take care of it ,  it s great .
i ve been using these a month and have been really pleased .
this looks good and cleans up with a wipe of a wet cloth .
its kind of flimsy but still decent qualtiy .
i found that i was able to charge my phone about num_num times fully .
this is nice so that you can place it in the fridge .
very good product ,  but had found them at a lesser price elsewhere after i got them .
the price is incredible for this kind of case .
it s made in china which i am definitely not a fan of but it is excellent quality .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
it s pretty easy to set it up to connect to wireless networks .
i love the color have not been able to use yet because phone was not working .
it works just like a very similar model i owned in the past .
and yes ,  it s best if you rinse everything out after each use .
the plastics seemed a bit lower quality than my own ,  and a bit stiffer ,  but did the job nicely .
i was also happy that i didn t have to assemble it !  well worth the money !  .
product is holding up well after tons of use .
so happy that i didn t pay this much .
a great product even though made in china .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i bought these glasses because they were inexpensive ,  while still appearing to be of good quality .
i like it because i haven t had to replace the phone !   :   .
keeps water very hot and last a good few years .
it arrived broken but amazon made it easy to return and replace .
the mostimportant thing is that you can hear ,  and be heard with this headset .
so yummy !  !  be sure and oil it up really well after use .
at this price ,  i was expecting a disposable item ,  but it is better quality than what i expected .
this was a good product when i used it .
i don t normally like the harder plastic type cases ,  but this one is really good .
it helps reduces the scratches on my phone and the fingerprints .
yes ,  it is not a natural material ,  but it has certain attributes that make it preferable at  many  times .
i probably would want to get it professional sharpened a bit more ,  but it s working fine .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i gave it a few tries and we brought it back .
would have bought one sooner ,  if i had discovered this really great size .
don t have one that said ,  it works quite well with both my mac and my iphone .
i was able to pair it with my iphone and send faxes .
not only is the sound very loud ,  but it s very robust .
battery life is much better than my oem battery ,  which had started to swell .
highly recommended if you feel the need to plug usb devices into your phone or tablet .
it is small but it fits my samsung galaxy num_extend perfect .
the coffee is quite tasty . what i don t like about the brew `n go coffeemaker : it can be a bit messy .
best of all ,  it goes in the microwave .
it was dented a few places and is slightly rickity in it s movements when working ,  but it still works .
the coating is extra slick and thicker than most .
i wanted one a little wider ,  but i m glad of the size now .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well .
good quality product cute design only complaint is how hard they are to take on and off .
looks good and works well ,  however i m unhappy about the poor battery life  as with most other smart phones  .
the unit is relatively powerful ,  reasonably quiet ,  and dead easy to use ,  with or without remote .
not a problem here !  good value ,  good product .
it feels good ,  no glare ,  and i have not noticed any visual loss .
i was surprised to see the various controls available on the headphones .
this is a sturdy mount that i have seen sell for at least twice as much .
well worth the cupple dollars if you can wait for it .
but if you aren t making texas toast for num_num people every morning ,  this toaster will do you just great .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
these are then easy to pick up with a vacuum cleaner .
i have bought several charging cables and will continue to buy them as i need .
well i received it and started using right away .
the cable frayed and split after a year but still work fine .
it has a nice taste on popcorn and is regarded as being a little healthier than ordinary table salt .
i know a lot of people are complaining about this set ,  but i actually like it .
these are great cups ,  but the handles are a little skinny .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
btw ,  it s made in china to obviously very high quality standards ,  speaks well for the frieling company .
excellent !  i also use the other plug for the other accessories i use .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
i bought this at the deal of the day for $
i payed less than $ and it was worth it .
i saw them on special sale for $
its easy to wash  ,  i m happy i bought it .
this is a lot better than paying $ for the same case !  got it pretty quick as well .
as for the instructions ,  they are sparse but it s easy to use .
i have been looking for the perfect case for the longest time and i finally found it .
it has a nice smell to it and did not leave a wet carpet type smell .
works great for mixing protein shakes and other powdered drinks .
the size is nice and compact so it s not another huge gadget to store .
it works nicely in my non stick pans .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
i used it on the bad areas of the carpet and they looked great .
so some work flawlessly ,  and some have issues .
the product was brand new and it s a really goot material .
great thing was that this was cheap and worked fantastic !  will purchase if i break mine .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
got this espresso maker when my old one broke .
it s not bad really and i ll take that for inexpensive bluetooth headphones that works well .
i can t say that i am % satisfied with the feel of it; it tends to grab a bit .
i use it for work to charge my phone and have it right there .
i ve had them for quite a while and they re still like brand new .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
it is a bit larger than i thought ,  but it does the job albeit a bit clumsily .
if you have dogs that leave accidents sometimes this is definitely the product for you .
it is very light weight and easy to handle .
it s so easy . to clean up ,  i just rinse in water .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
this is a heavy product  literally ,  in a good way  .
coffee machine and a good conical burr coffee grinder .
i received this the day after i ordered it .
this product was cheap and speck is amazing .
i had to adjust the height screw ,  but after that it worked like a charm .
these have nice smooth action and sharp blades .
it s what i was looking for and it s good ,  but i d not call it great .
i love this product . note that the picture seen here isn t representative of the product .
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
the bass end has more clarity rather than pump . overall ,  i love  em .
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
the handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole .
better than the other cases i ve purchased from here .
as for use on a phone i do not have an opinion but for my application it good .
that said ,  wonderful coffee pot ,  even with relatively inexpensive ground coffee from the supermarket .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
i ordered these first ,  the smaller size stacks nicely .
it works just fine but it tends to get hot sometimes while charging .
this is a seriously thick and well made cable .
sense num_extend and the num_extend screen are nice .
it also helps that it is not chemically coated to be nonstick .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
also i got the adjustable pressure regulator which made my life a lot easier .
now my great review is not so amazing .
it is well made ,  but i think hand washing is recommended .
the audio quality for music is poor but for voice it sounds good .
my only gripe is that the rubber is not as tight as it should be  but it s good enough  .
at that price it s a decent deal ,  though i wouldn t pay much if any more than that .
it was a few years old and well used .
it s light ,  small and easy to use . i was surprised that it wasn t glass; it s plastic .
i was surprised to get this as this reasonable price .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i find them on sale at amazon sometimes and purchase them .
this is just great !  makes the popcorn in num_num minutes in my microwave .
i read the reviews and gave it a shot .
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect .
these are a very good product in this color ,  haven t tried the darker colors others had problems with .
what will a good and my phone sounds great but the earbuds hurts your ears after a while .
i also tried this out on my cell phone and it does fine .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
we loved these filters back when we had cats .
the cost is cheap ,  so i felt it was worth it .
keeps you from over serving leftovers that you might want to take for lunch .
there are definitely better screen protectors out there but these do the job .
these are the only ear buds i use they are the best .
recommended .  .  .  . i am going to order couple of more as well .
it may be a cheaper product but as long as it works i m happy !  .
i couldn t afford a new one and found this rebuilt one here at amazon .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
i forgot how much i liked this keyboard .
i did not buy this at amazon ,  but i do own it and like it a lot .
unfortunately things get broken and this was the perfect replacement .
it removed a rough spot on the blade and made it noticeably sharper .
for the price and form factor ,  the num_extend provides a solid ,  respectable product .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
it s a bit thin ,  but fits well and has a nice texture and color .
this works great ,  but i wish i would have purchased the smaller one .
great entertainment for my num_num year old too .
the device still works fine except for the noise it makes when the oscillation feature is used .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
this works well and is comfortable ,  vs the couple of mot headsets i bought ,  which were horible .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
i read the reviews and bought this one .
it is a large size for the cost .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i really like it but the quality is not the best .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about num_num times more expensive ,  and it was worth it .
i wasn t familiar with cuisinart s line of cookware ,  but the company has a good reputation ,  so i ordered one .
it will still break . for $ it s a great bargain .
i like the product  ,  but not love it .
bpa free and easy to snap close and open .
sounds great . con :  a little tight for me ,  .  . i have a huge head ,  einstein sized .
this sort of microfoamed milk is delightful in lattes .
it s so pretty i hate to cook in it sometimes .
full tang ,  riveted ,  comfortable handle ,  thick blade and it has a good weight to it in your hand .
i then found a deal on a jabra num_extend
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
if you make a variety of cookie or buscuit sizes these are wonderful .
i didn t expect much for the price i paid but i was happy with this battery .
the price is much better than the $ charged by the apple store .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
the service was prompt and dependable  ,  i m a fan .
this is a decent adapter for the price .
i got these screen protectors for my htc evo ,  and am glad i did .
i waited over a year to write my review and it is a great one .
these are the right size for my needs .
i found it and after a great deal of difficulty ,  figured how to load it .
the shipping packaging was way over the top .
i ve had the kinivo num_extend for about three months now and it s been a blast to use .
it also seems to help with the allergies .
i use this brush at least three times a week and it still looks like new .
i d also recommend a coffee grinder that consistently grinds coffee for a drip coffee maker .
the sound quality is a lot better than i d expected for listening to music .
i have a chronic coughing and the venta helped me to ease the problem .
i love mine ,  though ,  and will never buy any other brand .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
i ll give it num_num stars ,  but i can t really say  i love it  .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
but these filters do a lot for the price .
got this one as a replacement for a different brand .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
finally we got it after ordering twice and waiting almost two months .
the packaging was good and it arrived when promised .
excellent price ,  and it lasts most of the day before i have to recharge it .
every once in awhile ,  i ll use a clorox wipe ,  and give it a really good wiping all over .
first ,  what s really good about these :  they are tiny .
it does the job of protecting the back and front from minor scratches .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
coffe tastes great again ,  i really enjoy my num_num cups in the morning .
slight discoloration as would be expected but still holding together nicely .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
sound quality is pretty good ,  noise reduction could be better .
i am not sure if this is oem but works great .
i was a little disappointed . overall though it s a nice pot and i am happy with the purchase .
i like that you can cut these filters to fit the model of filter you have .
the rubber part also attracts a fair amount of lint .
we ended up putting it in for another num_num seconds and it was about perfect .
i found this item on amazon ,  although it was a discontinued item .
i like the feel of it ,  the size  width  of it ,  and the color .
i am not sure if they are genuine samsung or not but they do generate good sound .
i like to use a mouse so the usb adaptor is very handy .
i would like them to be thicker but they do hold up to wear .
it was very tasty ,  but not quite the consistency that i like .
it is great !  i have to say though hoovers customer service is not too good though .
a bit expensive for what it is  hence the num_num stars  but overall a good product .
this item is able to spray all of my favorite oils with a similar consistency of pam .
but i like the features on a smartphone .
i cant believe i could replace my old one at such a great price !  .
using the same amount of coffee and water ,  we get a great ,  smooth ,  strong cup of coffee .
that s a good thing ,  because i m not sure how long they ll last .
for the price i paid its worth the money .
it s difficult to take off ,  but that s also good in the sense that it won t snag and come off .
the product is accurately described by the seller .
i am not sure how long it will last ,  but so far it works fine .
but i added two more ounces and the mug held these as well .
i ll give an update if it breaks or chips like many other reviewers ,  but until then ,  great case .
the product is just something that is hard to enthuse about but i would certainly buy it again .
my blender blade finally died after num_num years of use and this replacement piece was perfect .
the little piece that fits into the charging dock doesn t fit too great ,  but overall the product is great .
time to have a cup of coffee now !  thanks .
i am well versed with a variety of technological products .
high quality cable but plug don t fit iphone with otterbox case .
well ,  this product did not work as i thought it would ,  but it does work .
worth the price if your looking to protect your phone from light drops or surface wear .
perfect for my aux hookup in my car so i can listen to my podcasts .
the lid fits tightly and one does have to pull hard on the handle to remove the lid .
to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
get real ,  small cup . i love this cup so much i returned and bought another .
it worked great for a few weeks and then i had an issue .
it was a refurbished unit ,  but looks and works like new .
i bought this unit about one year ago .
it s comfortable and it stays in your ear without the hook around your ear even when shaking your head .
small enough to pack or carry with you .
the more i use it ,  the better the food tastes .
much better than the nails i used before .
great travel battery ,  i tested it a couple days at home using it to charge my devices .
i used to have a num_extend so i decided to tried the num_extend that is smaller . great device !  !  !  .
this is a fairly inexpensive headset which has some nice features for the price .
but since we all have different needs make it adjustable .
i have had this for three months and it works well .
i had to play with it but after i got it on it was a good case   :  .
wow !  i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
considering some of the negative reviews i ve read i am surprised by the quality of this item .
had been using other brands .  .  . this is the best kind .  .  . does not leak or is messy .
i ve been using this product for a month now and its met all my expectations .
you will enjoy the purchase if you have an num_extend
it s easy to handle and not to heavy ,  it doesn  t jar your arms or back with the impact .
other than that ,  great product i d purchase again .
it s nothing astoundingly great ,  the quality could be better but i m satisfied .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
i will buy another when the time comes .
overall a good product but wish it was better made .
for the money i paid for it ,  it s pretty good .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
i switched from the name brand gps and sold it .
reliable coffee maker ,  no frills ,  good price ,  forces steam through finely ground beans .
the lid helps retain the temperature of the contents .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
it tastes so much better !  it has a richer ,  deeper flavor .
i don t have any other brands to compare it to ,  but everything seems to work well .
it is not overly bulky and protects the phone well .
i don t have the batteries anymore but the charger still does the job .
the butter stays nice and soft and doesn t get all icky like it does in a regular butter dish .
i do recommend this product based upon my experience with it .
i hate overenthusiastic reviews that simply say the product is perfect ,  i love it ,  go buy one .
i would buy it again at this price .
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle .
i have been using this product now for about a year and i love it .
nice charger ,  does the job without using your phone s usb port .
i tried the num_extend port ,  and the usb headset port while charging and all is good .
i had forgotten how good percolated coffee tastes .
much better than i thought it would be .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
i ordered these with some doubt in my mind because the price was so good .
these headphones work well to cancel out background noise .
i love this product . note that the picture seen here isn t representative of the product .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
this is a great battery ,  not really much else to say .
i thought it was going to take longer ,  so that was a nice surprise .
i was expecting this cheap item might fall apart on me but is surprisingly durable and effective .
go for the name brand and you can trust the quality .
great thing was that this was cheap and worked fantastic !  will purchase if i break mine .
it still moves air ,  and the breeze is like a gentle wind .
much too small to sharpen a axe but good for knifes .
perfect size screen protectors ,  though a little difficult to remove all the bubbles .
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order .
this screen protector works really well with a case that doesn t have a built in protector .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i brought it back and got a replacement .
it is not great but it does work .
the clip grips well and i ve not had a problem with it coming loose .
great case and great fit it just wasn t my style .
i got the second one and it does click sometimes but not as much as the first .
i got this to help me connect my phone to routers .
this brand is good ,  i have bought from them before and have had no complaints .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
the device still works fine except for the noise it makes when the oscillation feature is used .
other than that i would recommend this product .
i like the flexibility of there the individual hooks can be placed .
it had lost some of the parts and feet but worked great .
it seems to be a little slower than my regular charger ,  but works good .
it s worth noting the inside of the plastic is partially lined with felt .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
and the hose extension is a bit awkward to use but also quite powerful .
lid is very tight ,  so i have to push it on ,  but it keeps the stuff in .
i like this design as it fits my ear much better and they re not too large that they hurt .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
i have hardwood floor and it just goes right over them with great suction .
these are small ,  good for small quantities of leftovers .
my ear wasnt fond of having a piece in it so i found this device .
maybe i just have oddly shaped ears ! good earphones for a good price .
it is very good . the only complaint i have is that it takes a bit of time to set it .
when you get up at num_extend a quick ,  good ,  cup of coffee is a must .
i had a smaller than normal drawer and this is a perfect fit .
i do not have it anymore  ,  but for what i paid for it it was a great buy .
comes with a guard ,  great idea to protect the user and the sharpness of the grater .
they are very sturdy and can hold a lot of weight .
so ,  i can t recommend using this for any automotive applications .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
all in all ,  i give it a rare num_num stars !  .
lives up to the advertisement and all the hype they say .
you get a charger that does two duties for the price of one .
and add salt of course if you like .   it s great for healthy snacks .
this particular orange with foliage back is a nice look .
and it shuts it self off which is a good feature .
i am so happy with this purchase !  i have an iphone num_extend which has a stinky battery life .
i basically like aroma stuff ,  they have good quality .
it s got a matte finish so the gripping is actually better than slippery cases like tpu cases .
little pieces on side of screen werent covered but overall good product .
it s difficult to move around becuase of it s weight ,  but that s what makes it work so well .
i have a lg esteem phone and it barely fits but it s stable and it does the job .
this has been really durable ,  especially at the micro usb end ,  where these chargers usually tend to fail .
then i wanted it cheap but good quality .
gets my hands dirty but they clean up .
i love them ! update :  all my glasses eventually broke .
frothy milk makes even standard coffee taste like a treat .
nowadays a lot of stuff is made in china and that provides a competitive price .
amazon has these at a great price and it is a nice little machine .
smaller than i expected ,  but still very nice .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
my first impression was it looked cheap ,  but after using it i am very pleased with it .
i bought this for my brother for christmas .
i actually have nine of these of various sizes .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
very good to have when the old blade starts to give out on you .
this is a good item but i hate to keep buying them .
great quality !  i bought some similar to this awhile ago and that one was bad in quality .
it actually fits pretty good ,  the headphone jack plug that seals it does not fit very well .
i lost my old one and this is a great thing .
nonetheless ,  they are good bowls and where they are chipped ,  there are no rough or sharp edges .
it is cheaply made ,  but it serves its purpose .
overall ,  this is a good spare battery for my samsung galaxy num_extend
the music sounds good ,  not great  you need a line in for better quality  .
not so ,  it s one of the beautiful things about these cases .
the price attracted me to this and ordered num_extend
i was able to put it back on and glue it and it works fine .
it work good the only think in num_num month it broke .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
found just what i wanted on amazon and ordered it .
they fit well ,  but stand off the ears a full inch .
the damned phone is huge ,  so the case will make it that much bigger .
tea seems to get a bad flavor in here ,  but coffee stays hot and tasty .
i think there are some recipes which are better than others .
the price seemed so low that i thought it would be really cheap ,  but it s nice .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
i have used them for over a year now and all of them are still working great !  .
